Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thanks, Kyle. Today we'll discuss the results for our third quarter, which ended on July 26. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability, and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections, and assumptions as of August 13, 2015, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investors page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Kyle, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: All right, Patrick, thank you for your question. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of the call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Robert J. Halliday: Thanks, Gary. Good afternoon and thank you for joining today's call. Applied delivered strong results in the third quarter, posting our highest revenue in the past three years. Over this period, we have repositioned the company to capitalize on key inflections in foundry, logic, and memory and increase our share of WFE. As Gary has already mentioned, our strong position in foundry will drive further growth when 10 nanometers ramps next year. I'll take a moment to summarize how the changes we've made to our strategy and investments have improved our position in today's memory-driven environment. We expect memory spending to make up nearly 50% of WFE in 2015 compared to less than 25% in 2012. Over the same timeframe, Applied's memory revenue is on track to grow by more than 150%. We are significantly outpacing the market and believe we are gaining four points of market share in both DRAM and NAND. Within NAND, the 3D inflection is gaining momentum with a broader set of customers. Based on new product positions across the customer base, our share of 3D NAND spending is now approaching the high levels of share we have in foundry. At the product level, our substantial investments in etch and CVD are having a positive impact on our results. This past quarter, we secured our second highest etch orders in the past 15 years as well as our highest CVD orders ever. Importantly, through our strong engagements with customers, we have developed a deep pipeline of new and disruptive products that give us further opportunities for share gains and profitable growth as semiconductor and display technology inflections play out over the next several years. Now I'll comment on our third quarter results. Revenues of $2.5 billion were up 10% year over year. Non-GAAP gross margin of 43.9% was slightly higher than expected, and non-GAAP EPS of $0.33 was at the midpoint of our range. We used $625 million to repurchase 32 million shares of stock, deploying more than 20% of our three-year, $3 billion buyback authorization in the first quarter of the program. We will continue to be opportunistic with the buyback. Including dividends, we returned nearly $750 million to shareholders. Next I will make some comments on our segments. Silicon system orders of $2 billion were up 18% sequentially and set a record. This performance was led by strong 3D NAND momentum across multiple customers, notably in Japan where revenue is recognized upon sign-off. Backlog was at an eight-year high, net of an $84 million reduction due mostly to an order cancellation in foundry. We also significantly reduced our Q4 foundry forecast. AGS posted a second consecutive quarter of record revenue and remains on track for a record year. Display orders more than doubled sequentially, including a large order for our new CVD encapsulation tool for OLED displays. Next let me provide some additional insight into our gross margin and OpEx patterns. Over the past two years, we have made significant progress with our gross margins. But this year, we are experiencing headwinds due to mix effects and the higher initial cost of new products. As Gary explained, overall WFE demand is trending lower versus earlier forecasts, with memory higher and foundry lower. We are seeing exceptionally strong pull for our new semiconductor products. And in display, our revenue mix is rapidly shifting to mobile. Taking these factors into consideration, we are modeling Q4 non-GAAP gross margin to be down by about two points sequentially. We are driving actions to improve gross margins, particularly for our new products in high-growth markets. We are also reducing our operating expenses. Our non-GAAP OpEx was $576 million in Q3. In Q4 we plan to reduce it to $555 million plus or minus $10 million. We took further actions in solar, where we discontinued our wafer saw and solar implant product lines, resulting in one-time charges of approximately $51 million in the third quarter. In summary, 2015 wafer fab equipment spending is trending lower than our prior expectations. Our focus on technology inflections and new products is producing revenue and share growth opportunities, notably in memory. But the demand mix presents gross margin challenges in the short term. Over the model horizon, we expect the mix to return to levels that are more consistent with historical patterns and more favorable from a gross margin perspective. In the meantime, we are heavily focused on gross margin improvements and operating expense reductions. Now I will provide a fourth quarter business outlook. We expect our overall net sales to be flat to down 7% sequentially. Within this outlook, we expect silicon system net sales to be down 6% to 12%. AGS net sales should be approximately flat. We expect display net sales to be up by 25% to 35%. And EES net sales should be approximately $55 million. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.27 to $0.31. Now I will turn the call over to Mike for questions.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, let me take a shot at it and Gary can join in. We had really strong orders in Q3, so you might say shouldn't your revenues be a little stronger in Q4? As you go look at our press release we put out today, we get a fair amount of orders in Japan, in fact. And in Japan, we recognize revenue usually a quarter after we ship. So some of the orders we booked this quarter will trail into the next several quarters in terms of shipments and revenue recognition. So that's a little bit of a disconnect between our strong orders this quarter and the revenues, which are a little less robust next quarter but give you higher than typical backlog from this quarter that we'll sustain into Q1. The second thing in terms of what's our outlook, I'll give you my observations. I think you have a couple of different things going on. In V-NAND, which I think more and more people are resonating, there's a lot of momentum around that for several reasons. One, there's more and more data that suggests that the V-NAND flash device is a superior device in terms of performance. And then the second thing is you can't sustain planar shrink effectively. So the push to go to V-NAND is picking up momentum if anything. And the second aspect to that is that that is particularly good for Applied on many levels. The first is that V-NAND is much more deposition, etch, RTP, CMP, and even some epi intensive than 2D. The second thing is the tool mix is somewhat different, so the level of reuse for us is much less. So we actually do say, and I believe it's very accurate and you're starting to see it in the bookings, that the opportunity for Applied from the planar shrink mode, which was primarily reuse, and most of the incremental CapEx might have been tilted toward lithography to a V-NAND mode where a lot of it is not available for use, is about a 3x revenue opportunity for Applied. So that's my outlook that I think V-NAND bullish on for a while, including next year. In terms of foundry, we are saying we're seeing it a little softer. In fact, one of the significant reasons why our gross margins in Q4 were down and less than we expected even a couple months ago was that the mix has changed on us. We're seeing strong memory, but we're not quite seeing the foundry we might have anticipated. And we had to scratch our own heads on that because how does that tie to the outside world? What we're coming up with is that the things that have been talked about in the last couple months in the outside world; that is, customers are reusing equipment more effectively and efficiently, particularly as they bought a little conservatively to have very good ramps for their customers in the foundries in the last year or two, that tool reuse is creating a little bit of a slowdown at this point. Now that doesn't mean we think it's not positive next year, but they're more effectively using those tools they bought earlier in the cycle. And the second thing we read about and hear about, they're continue to improve yields. They're continuing to improve tool utilizations quite high too. So what we see in foundry is, in our fourth quarter, it's less than we anticipated. And we even saw, as we mentioned in my notes, that we had about an $8 million push-out of a foundry booking – or a cancellation rather. Now what does that mean prospectively? We're not pessimistic on foundry at all. The question is when do they, A), get through this full utilization of some of these tools. And two, how does 10-nanometer do? So we haven't spoken to November – December yet, but we are relatively positive actually on next year on 10-nanometer. And for Applied specifically, the mix of tools at 10-nanometer is very positive. I think we have about a 20% to 30% bigger opportunity. And as we get through this reuse gap, that should help us on our revenue, our share, and our gross margins, frankly. But that's what we're getting through.
Robert J. Halliday: Mechanically, let me tell you how we do this. At the beginning before we started the stock buyback plan, we put together a thoughtful – I hate to call myself thoughtful, but I think it was thoughtful, the Treasury department was, a matrix, and what you do is a buyback grid. And you see at various stock prices we will buy various dollar prices per day, and that pricing grid has given a lot of analysis to long-term valuation of the company in terms of net present value, intrinsic value, short-term valuations versus multiples and earnings. And when you cross certain price points, you buy more stock back. And the stock went down this quarter, and it triggered that more aggressive buyback. At the end of this quarter we will revisit with our board the price grid and the volume grid, and we'll reset it or not. You don't typically reset them a lot because a lot of the valuation there is what do you think the intrinsic and long-term value of the enterprise is. So my guess is that our pricing grid as it exists gives us fair amount of flexibility to be aggressive at the type of stock prices we're seeing. And I think that would naturally lead us to be opportunistic because we see long-term value in the company.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure. If you go look at secular versus cyclical, I think some of it's timing and some of it other people have talked about it. You see our customers talking about it. We're getting higher tool utilization. Samsung talked about it earlier in the year. TSMC has started to talk about that, higher tool utilization, more tool reuse. So that's across – and even inventory in the channel, you see some data on that. So I think what you have right now is a problem in fuller utilization, more efficient utilization of tools. Now I think they're getting through that. You might argue could we have seen some of this? Maybe, higher tool utilization, greater reuse of tools, it's hard for us to measure it because it factors in with yield and all that stuff, which we have no insight to. So I think there's a good part of this that is a cyclical thing, this window we're in here. In terms of why do we see it and other people aren't talking about it, we are a month later, number one. Number two, if you do look at the mix of Applied tools, sometimes they're about a little bit earlier and heavier in a cycle. For instance, our epi tools take a while to qualify. They're complex tools, and customers bought a little heavier earlier. PV tools tend to be back-end interconnect to a lot of that stuff, so these tools get bought a little bit earlier. And then if you look at tools like that, our share is very strong and our tools are enabling in those areas. So there is no share loss there and we're seeing some volumes down there, frankly.
Robert J. Halliday: Jim, I'll tell you another way you can triangulate on what we're saying. We have two primary U.S. competitors. One is generally thought of as more memory centric; one is thought of as more foundry and logic centric. And if you look at it, the person who is more memory centric probably a month ago saw a little bit better outlook than we did. And the one who is more foundry and logic centric saw a significantly less optimistic, I believe, outlook than we did. And because we've repositioned the company, we're more closely towards the memory, whereas if you looked a couple years ago we were more closely to the foundry model. So I think, one, if you look at our peers and say what is our positioning in those, we're somewhere in the middle, but we've moved a lot more holistically towards good representation in memory too. But if you think about those two other companies too, it makes sense.
Robert J. Halliday: You have some indicators. I'll try and then Gary will jump in. You have some indicators now, Jim, that aren't too bad. People have said this year is – different people said different numbers, but some people have said $33 billion WFE. We haven't updated it, but we're a little bit more conservative than that, frankly. And so if you look at that, we had record orders this quarter. I think in SSG we're going to be close to a record for the year in orders in semi. I don't know if we'll be exactly there, but we're in pretty damn good shape. If you look at our service businesses, which implies that we're servicing more tools, that's a record, and display is pretty good. Now you're talking mostly about semi. If you look at share within product, it's up. If you look at WFE share, the last couple years it has been up. So there are some existing indicators. And then as we said at Analyst Day, we have some product positioning stuff that's going out. Now a little bit of wind at our back; it was a good foundry in the last couple years, so I'll give you the math that's in my head. If you look at the – it's $7.7 billion or $7.8 billion, whatever the number is, between $7.5 billion and $8 billion for both DRAM and NAND this year WFE. We've gained over four points on each I think. And so if you take four points times $8 billion, that's about $320 million each that if we hadn't repositioned ourselves we'd be short $640 million there. Two years ago we had $2 billion in semi, services in AGS. This year we'll be close to $2.6 billion, and a couple hundred million dollars of that is positioning. So I think through the repositioning will company and the products we have in the pipeline, you can see more robust revenues arguably with this mix of probably $600 million, $700 million, $900 million.
Robert J. Halliday: I think that's true. I think the big inflection that's going on in the industry right now is 3D NAND, and it's going to go on for years. There are about 1.3 billion wafers out there. There's about 150 million by the end of this year that are done. I think that's a bigger inflection than DRAM. Within DRAM, we're a little bit more bullish than somebody like Dataquest. We see that they didn't really add that much capacity this year. If you look at die sizes, they're bigger, if you look at more process steps, so they didn't really add that much capacity this year. So we're a little bit more bullish than some of the outside folks on total DRAM spending next year. And then as we mentioned earlier, our position in DRAM, in the last couple years we gained four points.
Robert J. Halliday: Display is a good size gross margin headwind now. It could be up to a point for the company. And what's going on there is historically for many years, 80% and even a few years ago 90% of our business in display was for TVs, equipment for making displays for TVs. We project that next year over 50% will be for small screens, so your cell phone and stuff. So the good news is, if you go back a few years ago, if TVs had turned down like this, we'd be losing a lot of money in display because there would be no revenues. In fact, we think revenues will be pretty strong next year in display because over 50% of our business will be small screen sizes and that we are growing the TAM there. This is the third year in a row we have grown display revenues, but next year with the TV downturn we're still pretty damn healthy. So the issue is gross margins there. So if you look at that, we're penetrating some new products in some new markets, and some of our new competition is Japanese yen based. So the display thing is bad probably through the first couple quarters of fiscal 2016, but it gets a little better each quarter and then we pick it up, and that's when our mix gets more normal. We start to get some TV business back and the product mix changes a little bit. It's about a point now. The other piece is SSG, where the big mix delta for us is foundry versus memory, and that's really just indicative of the tool mix. And the tool mix is stronger for us right now, things like etch and memory, whereas in foundry we're a little stronger in places like epi, PVD, inspection.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, so just to give you the economic model of Applied Materials, in some industries if volumes go up, gross margins naturally benefit because they get absorption issues in their factories. A company like Applied Materials and our peers, predominantly our product cost is materials, stuff we buy, so you don't get this big absorption boost or downtick either with volume. So our gross margins are predominantly a function of mix, mix between customers, mix between products. So I don't have a clear view on the Q1 yet. But given I've got pretty good backlog right now, I'm concerned that the mix issues we're seeing in Q4 will stay into Q1 and we'll have the same type of challenges in Q1. Now if you say, Bob, what have you been saying all along? I think last quarter and even maybe at Analyst Day, I was somewhat concerned about exactly this issue, frankly, in fiscal Q1 and Q2, the heavy volume of etch and the display mix with small screen sizes. What's been a little bit different for us is Q4 I thought would be a little bit heavier foundry mix than it turned out to be.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, there is. NAND ramp is going up significantly towards 3D each quarter. I'd say – let me see if I have it here. We're looking for the data, but my guess is that in the quarter we just ended, the great majority of it was 3D.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, thanks for the question, Tim, a couple of things. I had tasked our internal people with the same question to make sure it's not happening, so let me see if I can go through the details because I've been through the details. As I was just asked, one full point of it in the short term is display. In display, you're not hearing that from display competitors of us. It's mostly mix. You can see we're selling a lot more into the small screen sizes, a little bit more in PVD, for instance, than CVD. So it's definitely mix in there. Does it make it a little worse that our competitors are Japanese? Maybe, but mix is the biggest single delta in there. The second issue is semi, where you hear more contrarian views from other people. So I went through – the biggest delta is mix between some of our higher gross margin products, our PVD, epi, and inspection. And so some of the lower ones for us are etch. So you could see the mix is more weighted towards foundry for the first, and for etch it's more weighted towards memory. And you see the foundry/memory mix happening, so you know we're getting a bigger mix. So then you'll drill into me and say are you being hyper-competitive on etch, for instance? So I went through by deal what we've been doing in etch cost, the pricing. And our prices were – our peers, our competitors were very much the same type of prices, arguably higher. So what we've got there is a cost issue and a mix issue. Our competitors have a different mix of products and, frankly, they have a more mature product. So what we have to do is get cost out in our products and start to get the mix across all of our products. So the roadmap for us is let's get some more normal level of mix between memory and foundry. And particularly within foundry, let's get the normal level of things like epi, PVD, inspection. And then with etch, let's get our costs down and continue to get costs down and configurations down.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll take a shot at that; Gary can jump in. We think some of the weakness we're seeing towards the end of this year is this tool reuse, increasing yields, and absorption of the capacity they have, as they go into foundries in particular because memory is pretty strong. DRAM was strong at the beginning of the year. We're more bullish than your average outside guy for next year DRAM. In NAND, I don't think anyone is too pessimistic right now. We're optimistic, actually. So it's a discussion on foundry spending and timing. So if you go look at it, we believe that in listening to our customers, 10-nanometer is going to be a pretty big spend year for them next year. So the rough mathematics is that if you look node to node, so the 32-nanometer to 28-nanometer versus 2016 14-nanometer versus 10-nanometer, wafer starts might be down a little bit, maybe 10% per launch, but capital intensity per node is up about 20%, so the volume versus capital intensity is still not bad. I think the problem we have right now is we get this reuse. Now the other thing you have to go look at is all the macro stuff, which is beyond my pay grade. What's going to happen in China in phones and the next Apple phone? I don't know that stuff. But in a reasonable demand environment, the increasing capital intensity and the importance of 10-nanometer to our customers and the fact they're absorbing the tools at this point means it's probably okay.
Robert J. Halliday: Romit, I think Gary is – that's the essence of the feedback. I'll give you a little bit more color. One is the TEL deal had the big tax leverage. So that was extra benefit, and that made everything easier, but we still have some tax leverage that if we were ever interested in a foreign company and use our foreign cash, you get about a 50% discount if you think about it. So I'm not saying we're doing it. I'm just saying that's another consideration, all the financial and tax leverage that's sometimes there.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll give you some color without being too specific. The model we put up in July of 2013 was at $2.2 billion – $2.8 billion actually in fiscal 2016. We trended up over that a little bit in the last year or so, so that our run rate last quarter was $579 million. So it was about $2.3 billion or something like that. So we were a little bit above that because we had one more year of inflation. And what we've done is we've – and part of the reason we're a little bit above those companies, one, we were tied up in the merger. There were certain things we couldn't address, and we have a lot of products coming out of the pipeline right now. But we've engaged more, a brighter microscope on OpEx, so next quarter we're at $555 million. And we're working to get down our OpEx back to the original number we guided for 2016, which was the $2.2 billion – $2.8 billion. We said we'd have a number in 2018 of $2.4 billion, so we're optimistic we'll hit that. And we've got renewed vigor to be opportunistic on OpEx.
Robert J. Halliday: I think the next couple quarters through Q2 are a little challenging because we've got so much of this new product, new market stuff. But I think longer term, those guys are going to do well. It's unprecedented for us to have over 50% of our revenues in display next year. The good news is, think about it. If you didn't have that, you'd have another $400 million revenue hole or whatever. So it's not where we want to be. It will get better. But for the next couple quarters, it's going to be around there.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll take a shot at it. We believe the installed capacity exit 2014 was about 60,000 – 65,000 wafer starts per month. We think this year exit is about 150,000 wafer starts per month. We think exit 2016 is about 300,000 wafer starts per month, so we think it's doubling every year. This year they had about 85,000 – 90,000 wafer starts per month. The year before they were 40,000 wafer starts per month. So we're going like 40,000 wafer starts per month, 90,000 wafer starts per month, and next year is maybe 150,000 wafer starts per month. It's going up.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll give you my best wrong answer. Typically what happens is that customers will buy X amount of capacity pretty early on so they have it, and then they'll see how well it yields and demand for it. So it's not unusual that they might do – committed to 30,000 wafer starts say roughly. And then we get the vigorish or the extras if it's yielding well, and then a lot of tape-outs and extra sales. So I think you've got a baseline in the next year that you can count on. And getting to the higher numbers, which we all believe in, is how does 10-nanometer yield, how many customers buy it, what's the tape-outs, all that stuff. So you've got a baseline that you're probably okay on, and then the rest we don't know yet.
Robert J. Halliday: I think the general notion is that customers have improved yields, that customers are getting more effective tool utilization this year versus the last year or two where they bought a little heavier, because some of them shared the same concerns about ramping FinFETs and ramping for big customers. Those are common, more efficient utilization yield from a number of customers. The cancellations we had in Q3 out of our backlog was one specific customer. The softness we see in our Q4 forecast versus what we expect is a couple customers.
Robert J. Halliday: 10-nanometer foundry, we think that from 2016 – 2014 when you go to TAM, it's about 20% to 30%. It's higher process complexity, more layers, stuff like that, so the back end they're going to redo at 10-nanometer, and there are other things they're going to do. So it's 20% to 30% for the same number of wafer starts capital intensity, so that's complexity. Then you've got to get the volume stuff, which I talked about earlier. And we think the reuse thing has been largely wrung out of the system we hope this year. And then finally, the last thing you've got to put in your polynomial equation is what's the end user consumption of those devices.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll take a shot at it again. Let's segment the market. WFE – 3D NAND we're pretty bullish on actually because this is a technology transition which is more akin to a wafer size transition because when they have to switch from 2D to 3D for both device performance. And you can't keep shrinking; electrons in a cell, you can't get any smaller, and so you can't effectively. So they're going to go to 3D. It's like 300-millimeter, you knew customers were going to go; it's just timing. So they waited a year or two, but it's happening. You can see the numbers going up rapidly, and everybody says it. So I think if anything, you've got a solid baseline of predictable spending that's pretty healthy in 3D NAND for a number of years. On DRAM, we're a little bit more optimistic than some of our other folks because the things that are helping you there is the number of layers, capital intensity is picking up for greenfield, number one. Number two, the die sizes on average are getting bigger, particularly on mobile dies. And DRAM bit growth is pretty good, so I think DRAM is okay. And the other thing helping DRAM and memory in general is the whole data center, big data, cloud stuff is definitely a positive, definitely. Now let's go to logic. Logic hasn't been high growth for a while. It's mostly driven by PCs. And for Applied, it isn't that big either. So that one, we don't think about it every single day because it hasn't been that volatile in the last few years. So then we go to foundry. Foundry, the big driver of foundry tends to be mobile devices, and mobile devices have had very good growth. Many people continue to believe they'll be pretty good. If they're pretty good, you're in good shape because capital intensity continues to go up. As we said, it's 20% to 30% going from 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer, to 10 nanometer. So if you get pretty good consumption of mobile devices and related things like that, and even some of this Internet of Things stuff is picking up frankly, then you've got healthy foundry demand. So the one that this particular quarter we were a little surprised on for next quarter was the foundry, but it doesn't mean we don't feel good about foundry fundamentals given the capital intensity and end user demand we think is good. So I think it's okay.
Robert J. Halliday: DRAM was more heavily weighted to the first half. I've got a fancy PowerPoint around here that shows me that. And so if you look at DRAM this year, it was like 55:45 in the calendar year for us, so it was more heavily weighted to the first half. We think DRAM next year we're not as pessimistic as others. We think it's probably down but not down a lot. Maybe it's down 10%. Who the hell knows, but that's where I'm leaning. In terms of timing next year, I have a little less visibility on that.
Robert J. Halliday: I think it was the mix of what they sold. In other words, if you go look at those guys, they have 200-millimeter tools, spares, services. And as I remember it, the mix was a little bit different between those. Let me see if I can look at this. Yes, I think it was a mix change within their revenues more than anything else.
Robert J. Halliday: The other thing that's tactical in nature is to get some of the material cost through the P&L, you've got to ship the tool and revenue it. So any inventory you have, in order to cost reduce it, you have to ship that inventory first.
Robert J. Halliday: There's some risk, but a lot of that stuff in those type of customers is book-and-ship. The stuff in other customers are more backlog-weighted.
Robert J. Halliday: No, I don't think so. 10-nanometer, they're still pushing aggressively. 10-nanometer, they'll probably change the back end. That will contribute to higher capital intensity. The tool utilization now, some of that high tool utilization was getting better yields on their first FinFET because that was a tricky one. The second one is not quite as worrisome. And then the third thing is some of that higher tool reuse is a natural progression from 20-nanometer, to 16-nanometer, or 20-nanometer to 14-nanometer.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, there are. That's what we're doing. We're taking down costs and material costs and overhead and installation/warranty. I have to admit that the shift in mix in the current quarter surprised me a little bit. So we're not being passive, we're pushing it hard. It just came one quarter earlier than we expected, to be honest with you. And the other thing I'll say to you, the good news, the gross margins, we definitely are committed to getting them up. We definitely believe we should have higher gross margins, no doubt about it, Gary and I rail about this every day basically. But the glass is half full on this thing. If you look at it, we've gained over four points of share in DRAM, over four points of share in NAND. We've gained – we expanded our TAM or SAM in display probably 50%, and we've expanded our service SAM and revenues in service quite a bit. If we hadn't done those things, you wouldn't be talking about gross margins being down two points. You'd be talking about over $1 billion less of revenues probably this year. And even the revenues, if you don't like the gross margins, those are probably incremental operating margins of 30% or so. You'd be talking about a $300 million hole in profit. So we're spectacularly unhappy with our gross margins. I don't disagree. But it could have been a lot worse if we hadn't penetrated these markets, gained share, and got some new products out there. You would have had a sustainable problem of $300 million of profit a year, frankly. And if you look at the etch business, for instance, where we don't like the gross margins, believe it or not, the one business where operating margin delta from 2012 to today is greatest is probably etch because we've scaled up so much volume at pretty good operating margins. So we're spectacularly unhappy with the gross margins, but if we hadn't gotten this stuff out and repositioned the stuff, it would be an even worse call today.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think also, Jim, if you look at it from a market share perspective, in foundry, that's our strongest position. Now the good news is that as the memory business is ramping, also our share is up. Bob talked about this earlier, several points in memory, so that's helping us offset some of the weakness in the foundry business. But if you look at our leadership products, we talked about this at Investor Day. We're up 5% in the leadership products over the last couple years, launching some great new products in those areas. And so that combined with our momentum in the etch business with the Sym3, highest ever CVD orders, new ALD position, we look at our position for 10-nanometer, and we're very optimistic about our ability to continue to grow share in foundry. Right now the mix is working against us in terms of foundry versus memory. The good news again is we have gained share in memory. We have good momentum there, but we also have a very strong position in foundry.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think on 3D NAND, I'll start and then Bob can join in. Thanks for the question. So 3D NAND, as we have talked about before, is really more materials-enabled than litho-enabled scaling. So if you look at the CapEx that is necessary for them to ramp those devices, it's very heavily weighted toward CVD, etch. Also, we have epi there for the first time in memory where we have a very strong position. So as the customers are ramping those 3D NAND factories, the areas that are growing are the areas where we are gaining share. That's part of what Bob talked about earlier, where he said we're gaining several points of share in 3D NAND. And if we look at the products that we're introducing, the Sym3 Etch, the record CVD orders, again, a number of our products are very well positioned as the customers ramp 3D NAND spending. So we believe that 3D NAND is at about 15% of the total NAND capacity. We believe that that is going to continue to ramp in 2016 as a percentage of total spending, and we're in a very, very, very strong position there. I don't know, Bob, if you want to add anything.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think we outlined the strategy at the investor meeting. As Bob talked about, we've been positioning the company around the major inflections. So if you look at the way we structured the organization, the way we move the investment within the company in patterning, for instance, in etch and CVD, we've got the highest CVD orders ever in the history of the company; etch, the second highest orders in the history of the company this last quarter. And our memory share is increasing. So we look at each of these different markets and really try to figure out, like you talked about, what moves the needle. Where are we going to invest? How are we going to structure the company around those inflections so that we're positioned when those new devices ramp? So patterning, again, tremendous momentum there. We talked about the 450 Sym3 chambers. It's really from in a five-quarter period of time we're going from 18 chambers in the field to 450. And you asked the question about the margins relative to buying market share. We're winning in critical applications with a higher price than the competitors in many of the cases where Bob and I went through the analysis. So there are some real technical advantages of those products that, again, we went through some of those at SEMICON. So it's focusing in this patterning inflection, focusing around the transistor and interconnect area. As 10-nanometer technologies ramp, we're in very, very strong DTOR positions. In service, we also made a number of changes there to really drive higher value and lower cost in our service business. And we believe as these inflections happen for our customers, these are tough inflections. They have to ramp quickly, get to high yield fast. And so that's another area that we focused on where we've seen hundreds of millions of dollars in growth. And we really believe that that's another area where we fundamentally repositioned the company for more sustainable growth going forward into the future. And then, as Bob talked about in display, a few hundred million dollars of growth there, expanding as our customers move into some of these new technologies like OLED within film encapsulation. So we believe all of those areas are fundamentally stronger than where we've been in the past around all those different segments of the business. Now the other thing that we did is we cut $400 million of OpEx. We cut G&A by about 25%. We've cut many areas that were low performing. We continue to look for those areas. We talked about some other businesses that we're ramping down right now, and we will continue to look for those lower performing businesses. Anything that we don't see that is going to be a good return and generate somewhere around at least a 20% operating profit, we have zero bias about being in those businesses. So from a top level standpoint, we've moved the money. We've structured the company around the areas that we believe will move the needle for Applied and for our customers. And the model that we presented at SEMICON, the $2.00 model, we believe we're on track. If you look at the indicators around the major areas of our business, we are gaining share. Now the mix in the near term – you look at that long-term model. But the mix in the near term, the foundry versus memory, mobility versus TV, those are things that are headwinds for us. But fundamentally we're in a much better position and confident that we're going to achieve that model.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think that from a top-level standpoint, we are improving our position in memory, so that's the good news. If you look at the point, the share gain that we have in both DRAM and flash, that's helping us offset some of the near-term weakness in foundry. So for us to hit the financial model, you have to believe that the mix comes back to some normal relationship between the foundry and the memory, and we think that's going to happen. But certainly, if you look at our position in epi, PVD, implant, thermal products, CMP, you have to have a more normal mix than we've seen over the last few years for that part of our product portfolio to work. So mix certainly plays a big role in the overall financials.
Gary E. Dickerson: So M&A, basically what we've said is there are three things that drive our M&A strategy. Number one, can we get a good ROI? Number two, is it an opportunity for a leadership business? Because in most areas, the number one guy makes a lot of money, number two breaks even, everybody else loses money. And then the third area for us is synergy with our core businesses. So good ROI, opportunity for a leadership business, and synergy with the rest of our products. We look across semi today; there aren't many of those types of opportunities. So now around our core competencies in materials engineering, those are areas that we will continue to look at. But today, I would say there aren't that many attractive opportunities that we see that fit those three criteria.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think as Bob said, the biggest headwind there for us is mix of mobility versus TV. And if you look at the normal mix that we've seen over the last few years, the operating profit there has been continuing to improve. The revenue is up. And we're in this situation where we believe it will come back to a more normal mix. And actually, we're bullish about the operating profit and revenue increasing as we've seen over the last few years. But this near-term mix is certainly working against us.
Gary E. Dickerson: Just one other thing on that one. Longer term, we've seen tremendous growth in terms of revenue in the service business. We think that's sustainable, that the growth is sustainable. And we think margin growth will also improve there as we're bringing more valuable services and then focused on the key inflections for our customers.
Gary E. Dickerson: I think if anything, the ramp is way more aggressive than we've seen in Applied for any product in the past, and so that's the good news. It makes it harder for us to drive these improvements and then have them in the bottom line as quickly. But the good news is the product is ramping, if anything, much, much faster than we had anticipated.
Gary E. Dickerson: We definitely have a focus on packaging. We have a pretty good position with our plating business. MDP is also a strong one for us. We don't see that being – as you look at real needle-movers on EPS, it's not a really big opportunity for us in the next year. Longer term we look at it as a growth opportunity. But relative to the other things that we're talking about, it's not in the same category.
