Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q filing with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on our website at ir.appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. On Tuesday evening, December 12, Applied will lead a panel on the future of logic near the IEDM Conference in San Francisco. Joining us will be leading technology executives from Intel, Samsung, and TSMC, along with Google, Qualcomm, Synopsys, and the EV Group. There won't be a webcast. So we hope you'll join us in San Francisco. And with that introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. Our goal is to help as many of our analysts as possible. With that in mind, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please requeue, and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: All right. Great. Thanks, Brice. And we would like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of today's call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by 5 o'clock Pacific Time. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Stacy, hi. It's Brice. Thanks for the question. We did disclose last year in our K that we've received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office, and they requesting information related to certain shipments to China. Well, we would say is, we're fully cooperating with the government on this matter. And of course, we're -- we remain committed to complying to all of the trade rules. And as you can imagine, because this is an ongoing legal matter, we can’t add to any of the comments that are out there at this point but it's been a regular disclosure for us.
Brice Hill: Hi, Vivek. Yeah. So for Q1, in particular, as you highlighted, we did see elevated shipments to China. In Q4, it was 44% of our sales mix. In Q1, we expect it to be elevated again. We'll continue to ship DRAM products at a high level in Q1 and when we think about the mix for China for the rest of '24, we're not ready to give a guide yet, but most of this business is ICAPS business and it's been very strong growth for '22 and '23 for us. For '24, we expect it to be a strong -- still strong. It may not be as strong as it was in '23, but China is the largest component to that. So again, we're not ready to guide that, but our Q1 guide, you will still see an elevated mix for China.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Chris. On the second part, I think the reason China comes back to its normal average is around 30%. It's just because the elevated DRAM shipments will normalize after Q1. So we had high DRAM in Q4. We expect that in Q1 and that should slow down and after that it will be, mostly ICAPS business again. And then, thinking of ICAPS In general, what I would say again is, we had significant growth in '22, significant even higher growth in '23. So when we think long-term, we're expecting mid to high-single digits of growth for ICAPS across several years. And to your point, looking right now this year, Q1 is actually a strong guide for ICAPS, but we do see lower utilization. We have seen some push-outs from different customers as they re-time some of their fab projects. And we did see the lower utilization in Q4. So we do think that Q -- our '24 will be a strong year for ICAPS but may not be as strong as '23, but again it's, it's much higher than it was in '22 because of the growth cycle that has gone through.
Brice Hill: No. I think. I think that's good. We just -- it's better for us to give you insights into each of the end markets and tell you what we see and that's the best way we can communicate what we see going forward.
Brice Hill: Hi, Krish -- sorry. Hi. Thanks for the question. Yeah. Thank you. So for gross margins, first, I would say to investors, we're still committed to what we had modeled, although we delayed it for a year. So we're modeling 48% to 48.5%. That's what we're committed as an interim goal to raising our margins. As you highlighted, in Q4, we had 47.3%. It was buoyed by the 44% mix of China. If you strip that away, it's probably 100 basis points worth of uplift. Last quarter we highlighted that our underlying gross margin today, if not benefited or impacted by something specific in the market, is probably 46.6% or 46.7%. And we do expect to make gradual improvements toward that goal in 2025 as we move forward. That'll be primarily, continued progress in value pricing as we work to offset high inflation impacts across all of our expenses and then cost reductions.
Brice Hill: Okay, Harlan, thanks for the question. First question on stabilized utilization rates. I think in general, I would say no, because we did see lower utilization rates in ICAPS, as I just highlighted in Q4. And so there is some digestion there in ICAPS, at this point. Otherwise, as I look across the rest of, the segments, if you think about the memory components and you think about leading logic, I would say that's been fairly stable. On the operating margin side for AGS, and I -- thanks for highlighting the business because, we did grow this year despite the setback at removing some of the China tools from our ability to service going forward. That's really what set us back from a margin perspective and shrank the business in the year and remove some of the, smaller customer, better margin products that we had. But going forward, we will be improving margins in that business and we're committed to that low double-digit growth rate for our services business. And again, just the components of that will be a growing installed base, a more intense, tool need for services and spares and information services, and then the ability to have the win-win with subscription agreements with our customers for those services.
Brice Hill: Yeah. I'll just add on, just, Srini, just a reminder for investors here. Our longer term view is mid to high single digits for ICAPS as well as the whole semi component, but mid to high single digits. And we do expect that to be consistent for China. We do expect that to be consistent for non-China. And we saw -- as we communicated in our prior quarter, we did see several geographies growing faster than China. So this is definitely a global market, not just a China market. And China isn't even, half of the market, as we communicated. And then as far as the slowness goes, or, any lighter year, what I would say is our guide in Q1 includes an ICAPS that's very strong and continues to be very strong. So the way we're thinking about it is '22 was very strong, '23 was even stronger. We may take a breath here with lower utilization, but we expect this market to continue to grow.
Brice Hill: Hi, Tim. Thanks for the question. So for '23, we've heard all of those numbers also, and we just feel it's best for us to report what we see from our seat. And for us, '23 was a growth year. We highlighted as we went through the last few quarters how strong DRAM and ICAPS were and how, having exposure to those two markets and a leadership position in those markets helped us offset weakness that were in some of the other markets, NAND and leading logic primarily. So definitely everybody can do the math. They can see what our numbers will be with the guide. And that should help with your calculation of what the overall market would be. And then for '24, we're not calling the total. Again, we're trying to characterize what we're seeing in each market. We do think DRAM will continue to be strong. We think NAND will come up off of a, low position. We think leading logic will grow through the year, especially as Gate-All-Around begins to ship. And we think ICAPS, it's strong in Q1 still, but ICAPS may take a breath with lower utilization. So we'll have to see how that plays out. And then packaging was strong in '23 and we expect that to continue.
Brice Hill: Okay. So on the first -- on the first part. I think we're still hearing different estimates of what semiconductors might be in 2023 from a growth perspective. What we've been saying from an equipment perspective is the growth was very high. So we described that in '22 at 40% plus and we've said it was faster in '23 from an equipment perspective. So, the actual semiconductor is obviously not growing that fast. But the equipment market, in preparing for the growth going forward, that's the approximate rate that we see. And then on the leading logic side, and offsetting ICAPS, again, our Q1 guidance, actually ICAPS is very strong, continues to be strong in our Q1 from a sales perspective. We do see lower utilization. We have seen some pushouts. So we're expecting that it won't be as strong a year as it was in '23, although still very strong. And where we'll see some offset is growing; leading logic, because leading logic has been lower, the past few quarters and we expect that to pick up through the year as new node investments, especially with Gate-All-Around start to ship in earnest.
Brice Hill: Hi, Joe. Thanks for the question. I think utilization in China and utilization for ICAPS in general did come down a little bit this cycle. That's definitely visible from a global perspective. When we think about what's happening in China, we have a broad customer base that are, serving all of the different end markets. And so our perspective is -- our perspective is, they are probably -- they are working on ramping their yields and coming up to, mature product yields over time. So I think this is partly, just a statement of where they are in the maturity curve of each of these product -- or projects. When we think about the market as a total, it's a long list of customers, it's a number of fab projects, that are being installed across the country. We think about the total capacity that's being put in place and the goal of being self-sufficient from a chip production perspective, and they're a long way from that, but we think we're -- they're committed to that as a whole. They have incentives in place to do it. So we view that market will be, a stable part of our portfolio going forward.
Brice Hill: Yeah, Joe. And just to finish my thoughts, sorry, I missed one point. We do think the lower utilization, and we've seen some push outs in the ICAPS business. This is a global statement. We do think that that's a signal that it'll be slightly less, than the roaring growth we've seen the last two years. And that's why we're saying it'll be a strong year. It just won't be as strong as what we saw in '22 and '23.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Sidney. So, we do think the DRAM business was strong this year, partially strong because of some of the shipments to China customers, where the process they're running was recently clarified to be within the rules, within the allowed trade rules. So that's a partial explanation. But I think we -- when we think of that market, we think that it actually looks like a normal year even without those China shipments that the DRAM market was fairly strong from an equipment perspective. And that matches, recent years where a lot of the spending is technology upgrades, not necessarily new capacity. And we expect that to continue over time.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Brian. On the first part for AI, last cycle, we provided some data points that I think are the relevant data points. We believe about 5% of our WFE is supporting AI workloads. That's not just Gen AI, but all AI workloads. And we did highlight that we expect that to grow at -- probably at 30% or higher CAGR going forward. And I think that's fair. So, whatever WFE number you're using, I think if you use 5% and use your 30% growth rate, that's what we think in our equations. And that would be true for leading logic and that would be true for, HBM on the DRAM side. And then on the second question, it's really the advanced logic, we're expecting to accelerate in the second half of '24. In our first half guidance -- sorry, in our first quarter guidance, it'll really be another quarter of strong ICAPS and strong DRAM. No -- not -- it'll be similar in strength from a leading logic and NAND to prior quarters. So you still have that dynamic in Q1. So it'll really be second half that we see improving leading logic.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Charles. It's hard to -- we probably won't compare with anybody else's comments, but from our perspective, it has been growing. One of the reasons it's been growing is because ICAPS, that particular business, the mature product technologies, as we've described before, there used to be available, used facilities and available used equipment, and it's really no longer the case. The industry is growing, and without that, just new investments have to be made in wafer starts and capacity, and that's raised the overall intensity level. When we think to the other types of equipment processes, DRAM, NAND, and leading logic, we expect those to be more intensive with more steps from an equipment perspective, requiring new capabilities and new technologies. And that's actually what our R&D is engaged in. So it's, more than intuition that we expect that intensity to go up over time.
Brice Hill: Hi, Stacy. It's Brice. Yeah, we didn't make a call on that. You kind of heard probably the components. I know probably everybody wants us to make a call, but what we're saying is, we have a very strong Q1 still in ICAPS. The dynamics in Q1, assuming things play out as we're forecasting, will be similar to Q4. You'll have a strong DRAM market. You'll have a strong ICAPS market. But we know that there have been some pushouts and there is lower utilization in ICAPS. So we're expecting that market to not be the same, as strong as it was in '23. When we flip and look at leading logic, leading logic is weak in Q4 and it's weak in Q1 also that same dynamic. And we know that new technologies will be ramping, including Gate-All-Around. So we're expecting that to, help throughout the year. Whether that's bigger or smaller than, whatever happens with ICAPS, we can't tell yet, but we'll just have to let that play out.
Brice Hill: Yeah. On the second, Jed -- thanks for the questions. On the second, I just can't add any commentary to, what we previously discussed with respect to the legal matter. On the first one, there's definitely mixed inventory situations and mixed reports on all the different ICAPS markets. Actually, where we would point is probably being the slowest at this point is industrial. What -- just to add a comment for you. On the auto side, I would say that it may be slower from a unit perspective, but because of the density of, chips in EVs and even newer cars, we're not expecting much weakness in the auto market. So I guess that's the way I would think of that.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Mike. From a year end and closing perspective, I really like the sustainable operational progress our teams have made. Our Semi systems business grew in a down year and our services business also had a record year, proving its resilience, just like it did in 2019. The R&D investments we've been making in collaboration with our customers put us in a great position for the next wave of inflection spending. We now have a line of sight to market share of over 50% across Gate-All-Around, Backside Power, and Advanced Packaging. At the same time, we're increasing gross margins and generating strong free cash flow, and this sets us up for increasing shareholder distributions. I hope I get to see many of you at the Wells Fargo Conference in Southern California. In the meantime, for those of you in the US, we hope you enjoy a safe and Happy Thanksgiving. Now, Mike, thank you. And let's close the call.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Vivek. This is Gary. Just also what Brice said on the prepared remarks was for the full year China was 27% and actually it's down a little bit. But really pretty much same zip code as it was in the previous year. And as we go through the year, we would think it gets more back to the historical averages.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Toshiya. Yeah. I would say that relative to Applied's performance, I'm very optimistic. In leading foundry logic, we're really well-positioned for the major inflections that our customers were ramping Gate-All-Around and Backside Power Delivery. Gate-All-Around, we'll see some revenue in '24, but that's going to be ramping more significantly in the future years. And Backside Power, we'll see some revenue also in '24, but also a significant ramp in the coming years. And each one of those inflections is a billion dollar incremental opportunity for Applied and we can capture more. We're on track to capture more than 50% of the overall spend for those major inflections. So really good position in foundry logic for Applied overall, as we said in the prepared remarks. We think that business will be healthy in '24. DRAM is another case where we're really well positioned for the major inflections. We've gained 10 points of overall DRAM share in the last ten years. And again, going forward, we feel like we're well positioned. We have design wins for those future inflections in DRAM, and we see opportunities to continue to drive share there. In packaging, that business is a billion dollars for us today and we're in very good position for all of the different architecture inflections in packaging. And there again, we have an opportunity to gain over 50% share in packaging inflections as that goes forward. So all of those areas that we talked about, the leading edge foundry logic, DRAM, packaging, all of those areas are very strong for us. And as we said, ICAPS will be weaker in '24, but those opportunities, those markets will offset some of the weakness in ICAPS. And Brice, I don't know if you want to add anything on the overall market.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. The other thing I would add is that, as I said earlier, we're really well-positioned for the major inflections. If you look at foundry logic, Gate-All-Around, spending starts to ramp in '24. We've been gaining share in DRAM and we're well positioned for those inflections. And as Brice said, packaging was strong in '23. We believe it'll still be strong in '24, and we're positioned to capture more than 50% of the spend in all of those different packaging architectures as they ramp in '24. So again, all of those areas will continue to be strong for Applied in '24 and beyond.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, Joe. This is Gary. Also, as Brice said, if you look at the efficiency of the spending, it's going to be less, especially with those new customers for many years. So the wafer starts versus the output, the yields are going to be much less from a device standpoint. So again, that's going to impact the overall output. And we think, again, the gap there with their domestic demand will keep that market healthy for a number of years.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, Sidney. Just talking with customers, certainly the forecast from them for compute memory is stronger than storage memory. And if you look just at one example on an AI server, the DRAM content there is much higher than an industry standard server. So again, just, I've spent a lot of time on the road this last three months, and they -- customers are pretty optimistic about DRAM longer term and compute memory demand.
