Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Carrie, and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.  Today, we'll discuss the results for our third quarter, which ended on July 31. Our earnings release was issued just after 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time, and you can find a copy on our website at appliedmaterials.com. Also on the website is our quarterly financial highlights presentation, which provides additional details.  Mike Splinter will lead off today's call with comments on the business environment along with our results and strategies. Next, George will discuss our financial performance in Q3 and our expectations for the rest of the year. We'll then open the call for your questions. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, George. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Carrie, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us this afternoon. A replay of our call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Michael Splinter: I think what we would say is that it really depends on PC growth. So I think PC growth is at the heart of the weakness in DRAM pricing and oversupply during this period and we would have to see PCs get back to more normal double-digit growth than we've -- than we're seeing at the current time. Obviously, prices have been weak. Global DRAM still seems to be quite strong, consistent with the smartphones' and handsets' expansion. So in our frame of reference, DRAM is really weak because of PCs, and until that recovers, we kind of expect the -- a small investment. Technology investments is at a low level. It didn't recover in the second half as we had expected. If you recall earlier in the year, we had projected that DRAM capital spending would come back in the second half of the year. It hasn't come back. It stayed well below $5 billion for the year, which is as low a level as I can remember.
Michael Splinter: Yes. I think since every different customer has a different timing to production, the best way that I think we can characterize that is that it looks to us like something on the order of 3% utilization dropoff. We're thinking wafer starts are roughly flat quarter-over-quarter, but we'll see utilization dropoff relatively flat demand around 3 points, maybe just below a bit more than that, Jim.
Michael Splinter: I think we believe that consumer electronics and PCs are at the heart of what's causing the supply demand imbalance here. So there's many factors in microprocessors since there's been a shift to tablets. Here, tablets are still strong. So when you aggregate the numbers, that's probably hard to see in a unit volume, but we may see it in a dollar volume.
Michael Splinter: Semi, actually -- well, I'll say a little bit about semi and then go to solar, since we've kind of been on that topic. We're still -- we still think about the current environment as being pretty healthy, and if we're going to model this particular downturn after one that we've seen in the past, it would likely be the '05. We saw 2 quarters down, and then saw some recovery. We think fundamentally that the products in the marketplace, the innovations that have happened, people really want them. And we're seeing consumer softness today, largely because of the macroeconomics. So if we could get those back on track, I think we could see a recovery in a few quarters. In solar, we're already seeing a recovery in end demand. So the key here, I think, is just how impactful this China feed-in tariff is going to be. Prices have come down. They're at the very low level. You already hear the sell prices add $1 a watt, below $1 a watt, module prices. Spot prices, $1.20, maybe the average is closer to $1.40. But these prices have gotten very low, making the investment pieces quite good. So if the China feed-in tariff really comes in and creates a couple of gigawatts, 2 or 3 gigawatts of demand next year. I think we see a turnaround in capital additions, especially by the major Chinese solar manufacturers.
Michael Splinter: U.S. will go up next year dramatically. Just -- I think it'll, percentage-wise, probably close to as much as this year. And PV is really taking over in the U.S. substituting. We know that these 8 projects now that concentrated solar. PV has been substituted for concentrated solar. Those projects are already approved. I think we're going to see a pretty dramatic growth in the U.S. I don't think we'll see a falloff in Europe. I think the Germans are committed. They are 35% of the market. Don't think we'll see a down year in Europe. I think we'll see an up year. So even though the lowering of the incentives is helpful, it drives the price down. It improves the performance, the economic performance of the installations.
Michael Splinter: Sure. Well, one thing for sure. No one is slowing down on technology. We started 28-nanometer. What we're seeing is that because of the underutilization, primarily at 65 nanometers, they are able to reuse an awful lot of equipment for increasing capacity at 28 nanometers. So that's the first thing that I would comment about that conversation. The second thing is we're hearing very robust discussions around 14 -- 20 and 14 nanometers even today and really talking about the capabilities that we're going to need to deliver and deliver the R&D units this year and to production in subsequent years. And so no slowdown on the focus on advanced technologies, C.J. They're very critically focused on what to do next and how to keep the treadmill going.
Michael Splinter: Well, I think that we continue to think this market is growing and strong and is pretty much proportional to tablets and adoption of solid state drives and PCs. What a particular customer is exactly doing, I can't really comment precisely, but I would say that this is the one market that is really staying quite strong during when you compare it to the other segments of wafer fab equipment spending.
Michael Splinter: I don't think we would agree with a number in that range in delta. We would say maybe cumulative capacity would be close to that range. But one of the things that's happening right now in the solar market is if you can't reach a certain efficiency, you don't sell your panels. So it essentially takes off line some of the older capacity, so you have to get back to looking at what the overall effective crystalline silicon capacity is. And we're kind of thinking it's more like a 35-or-so gigawatts. And I would also add, you have to think about in the second half of the year, essentially 2/3 of the installations are going to happen, so they have to have capacity plus inventory enough to handle those installations, deliver on those installations.
Michael Splinter: So we think this is more of a supply-demand slowdown. If you recall, back in 2008, it was really memory dropping off from over -- almost 70% of wafer fab equipment spending down to 20. We're not seeing that kind of situation here. And I don't think we will see that kind of a situation because the end markets have products that people really want. The beginning of mobility, real mobile computing is just happening. But to your question about what are we looking for to see that we're really starting to come out of this, we're looking for stronger consumer demand for PCs, consumer electronics, particularly TVs, that have been very slow this year and pushing out our orders and demand for capacity there. So it needs to be strong enough also. That demand come-back has to be strong enough to diminish the inventory that's been built in this weak back-to-school period. Now, of course, I think our customers have been very good at lowering utilization, managing their inventory. So I don't think that inventory is as big as it's gotten in past times either, which helps us think that this slowdown can be temporary. But then, the final thing is it really is going to be dependent on something not in our control and that's the global economy and whether we're going to get a little movement away from the volatility that we've seen in the last few weeks and get some stabilization there.
Michael Splinter: Absolutely. We're staying very focused on our products and our customers. This is the key to moving through this, stay very close to the customers, make sure that our products are adding value in a significant way to those customers. We believe we had some very significant positional wins during the last quarter. I try to itemize a few of those in the semiconductor area. In the solar area, we really think that the key right now is to really focus on developments in areas that are going to add efficiency to existing lines. Those are things that customers are going to buy whether there's upturn or a downturn. So things like our double printing solution, which adds efficiency. We're working on a number of other areas that will add improved efficiency or improved productivity for our customers. And that theme goes in display as well, where I think you know we've been trying to expand our product line in the PVD. But even more significantly in this time period, we've been able to create products for touch panels, for advanced displays because the consumer and the customers are moving to these very advanced displays. So we've been focused on low temperature polysilicon and metal oxide transistors on OLED TV applications. And these are areas where we can gain -- where both our SAM can expand and we can gain share.
Michael Splinter: Yes. So it's a little bit of a complex answer, but in what we've seen so far from our double printing business since we introduced this product, that's produced over $200 million in revenue and is ramping every quarter. So that's been starting to get quite significant. Other products, I think, we've talked about a selective emitter product and we have other ones I'm not going to talk about at this time until we get significant traction with the customers. But the specific efficiency depends on whether you're using multi-crystalline or single crystal and the techniques often vary there as well. But I would just say that every quarter, we're seeing the peak notch-up of like 0.1 or 0.2 and the distribution of sellable products there.
Michael Splinter: Yes. I think the first thing is we have to see PC growth. The second thing is box loading still isn't at 4 gigawatts. We know that it's not at 4 gigawatts a box or -- gigabits, box [ph] of bits. But it's not at 4 gigabits per box at this time, and it certainly can get there. And as the new advanced processors come online in the next year or so, can get beyond that. But yes, the money is going in other places on the footprint to the PC. The other factor is -- that's going to drive DRAM growth is mobile DRAM as smartphones continue to grow in double-digit ranges over the next few years, while they're not going to have multiple -- are not going to have 4 gigabits in a smartphone, but there'll be -- the numbers will start get very, very large and push bit growth.
Michael Splinter: Sure. Maybe I can comment on what we're seeing as far as getting closed on the Varian agreement and then George can talk about the revenue and cost synergies. So we expect to have our substantial compliance with the Department of Justice done this very soon. We expect Varian to have all of theirs done by September. And we expect approval from the DOJ then, 30 days after that, some time in October.
Michael Splinter: I think both foundry and DRAM are weaker. And I think if you look at the 6 weeks ago when we made this, there's been a lot that's happened in the macroeconomic environment. Everybody at SEMICON was noting each day, the outlook got more various among the customers that were in attendance there. So there was kind of negative momentum in SEMICON, and then you -- and that was based on a rosier economic outlook than we see today. So I think you have to assume that all customers are affected by the change in the economic outlook. But the big spenders that people were counting on, NAND and foundry, have been more cautious in the near term than people expected.
Michael Splinter: Yes, I think I got it now. What we think is -- the bit growth has to be above 50% to really drive capacity versus technology conversions. And this year, we're thinking, right now, some place it grows in the mid-40s. As we kind of alluded to earlier, the bytes per box are not increasing at the rate that we'd like to see.
Michael Splinter: Well, the easiest thing to say will be DRAM coming back in a significant way. But if foundry and DRAM are strong, that's good for us. And if NAND and logic are strong, it's less good for us. Those are kind of the mix aspects, other than, as you know, there's other things going on today like currency and litho taking a bigger overall share of the market.
Michael Splinter: We would say in the high 80s, we would not say 90. And of course, it varies by node where most of the underloading is in, we believe, in the 65-nanometer region.
Michael Splinter: Yes. It's certainly too early to make a projection on 2012. But our view has been that memory will be stronger next year and the logic and foundry will be a bit weaker. That's kind of how we've looked at it. We've, of course, projected that DRAM would get stronger in the second half of this year. So that's part of the reason why we're a little hesitant right now to make too much of a projection on 2012 for DRAM because we do believe we have to see that PC growth come back and sustained growth in handsets and communications infrastructure.
Michael Splinter: Yes, we didn't prepare to talk much about this today, but we're still excited about this product. We think that we have a system that's differentiated and will add value to our customers. We currently think this market is soft as well as -- because a lot of consumption is dependent on TV growth. So it's an opportune time for us to work with customers and really get them to adopt our technology.
Michael Splinter: I don't think it's much different than it is today. All they're doing today is selected technology conversions of their lines. Maybe they could do a few less, but they have to invest in R&D, and you have to invest in the next node. I think the one thing we do know if prices continue to come down and the only way to stay profitable in the DRAM business is to continue on the treadmill driving the cost per bit down. So we think that we're very close to whatever is called maintenance levels of spending.
Michael Splinter: Yes, I think we could get you that number after the call in a little more detail because you're going to have to talk about a number of passes and exactly what's included in every -- in different companies' spin sets [ph] . So you have to normalize it a bit.
George Davis: Okay, all right. So the -- I think with solar, we'll have to see. We expect orders to be down again this quarter in the solar area, so I think that we haven't guided orders. I think we'll have another down quarter for orders pretty much across the board for the company. And so I'd say Q4 -- it's too early to call our fiscal Q4 at the bottom.
George Davis: Yes. I think what you're seeing is their markets are holding up well. We have seen -- our expectation for Q4 both on bookings and revenue is that NAND will be down quarter-over-quarter, fairly substantially and is contributing to the falloff that we're seeing. But there is a much more confident tone around the customer base in terms of spending plans for the next year.
George Davis: We took a shot at the SEMICON on that. We said it would be at the $100 million range in 2012. I think our focus all year has been on making sure that we're positioned well in our SSG Group. There's a lot going on in the industry right now, and just kind of building on the technology inflection that Mike was talking about just in the foundries, but it really across-the-board with our customers. So our spending has been coming up at this time, even as our volumes, our revenues are coming down a little bit. So we think that the right thing to do in the near term. It certainly impacts the model in the near term, but we think it positions us well for the longer term.
George Davis: Yes, I mean, I think what we're seeing is we're seeing orders -- the order outlook for this quarter to be down again. So it's a little too early to call exactly what the revenue's going to look like in our first fiscal quarter. But clearly, we're still going to be in a period of softness. And so, we're kind of in line with the more, it if there's such a thing as a normal slowdown in our business. It's more in line with that, and our shutdown activity will be reflective of that.
George Davis: I would say 90% of it is sales volume and heavily impacted by SSG. You've got minor puts and takes on mix in the quarter. And so I think if you follow that line, I think you'll be all right on your estimate.
George Davis: Yes. And in terms of the financials, we, following close, we'll be talking more fully about that. We certainly are confident that we'll be able to capture the synergies of $50 million to $60 million that we described, and there'll be further opportunities we think as we come together. The fact that things have turned shortly after the deal, we -- our economics on these things are based on a cyclical industry. And so the ability to capture value on this isn't really dependent on your first 3 to 6 months. Whether there's a downturn or not, there's -- we model the fact that there'll be downturns periodically as part of the economics. So we feel very good about the deal and look forward to getting it closed.
George Davis: Yes. The vast majority of the de-bookings were financial de-bookings. The cancellations were about 10% of the total. Of that, about 3/4 were SSG, so it's not a big number. Customers are really hesitant to cancel orders. They're concerned that things are going to come back, and if they cancel that they're going to lose their positioning in the slots.
George Davis: Yes. As I said, we're taking the steps to reduce discretionary spending in Q4, so we think it will be down at least $20 million in the quarter. We'll -- I would expect if we see another soft quarter as we expect, it'll come down further in the -- in our first fiscal quarter. As I said, we're being very careful on the OpEx spending, particularly in the R&D area not to pull back the throttle, given the number of opportunities that we're working right now, and it's particularly a critical time for positioning. So we'll probably -- you'll see us be a little more careful on that. Now, we're going into this slowdown in a much better shape than we've been historically. We took a lot of actions in '08 and '09. We also have been very careful with our regular full-time headcount, so we've created more variability in our market in our manufacturing and other areas of the company. If you look at our RFTs today, we're about flat with where we were in Q3 '09. So that helps us going into this, but -- so we think we're in a good position going into it. But we're going to be very careful on pulling that too hard on R&D spending here in the first part, which is what you have to do to take it down further than where we're taking it right now.
