Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining Applied’s second quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings call, which is being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings presentation, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. There are a lot of people on the call today. So to help us reach as many of you as we can, I'm going to ask you to please ask just one question and not more than one brief followup. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, thanks Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of our call is going to be available on the website by 5:00 P.M. Pacific Time. And we would like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks, C.J. As we look into the year, we see the year profiling pretty similar from a proportion of spend standpoint that we talked about a quarter ago. We see strength in foundry/logic continuing throughout the year as our order book and customer base broadens, and we feel good about that. As we profile to memory, we talked about seeing some incremental strength this year, both on DRAM and NAND. I think it's too early to call the magnitude of that, but we do see balance across the device types from a spend standpoint. And I do think there is going to be similarities in terms of 2019 being an investment year, primarily focused on technology road maps.  And we actually saw wafer starts per month last year, 2019, actually go down year-over-year in both DRAM and NAND. And as we look into this year, we don't really see strong capacity adds. We continue to see our customers driving their technology road maps. Because that is, in effect, their cost structure. It allows them to drive margins and cash flow when industries recover. So we see continued investments from a technology road map standpoint, but we see probably less wafer starts per month coming out of the system than we did the year before. So it's sort of on the margin. We continue to stay close. We will watch it. And we'll continue to be open and transparent. In an environment that's defined by uncertainty, what we want to try to do is be as helpful as possible, share with investors the things we're seeing and hearing from our customers and we'll let you know what we see each quarter as the situation evolves.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks, C.J. I'll take both. As we think about the actions the company took in the current environment, we made conscious decisions about how we were going to position ourselves from an operating and manufacturing standpoint and decisions were made very early in the process. We implemented our business continuity team in the middle of January. And as part of contingency planning and mapping out potential points of risk, we made decisions to put in place surge capacity from a personnel standpoint. And that decision was made probably the first week of February. So clearly there is an impact to maintain cycle times and throughputs that are on par with where we were before COVID. That's a result of really strong teamwork and execution and planning. But it certainly has a headwind from a margin standpoint. And we're optimizing around serving our customers and taking care of the things that we can take care of so we can better withstand the things we can't control which is what we saw from a supply chain disruption standpoint and the rate and pace of that recovery. So we feel good about that. But certainly it does create a bit of a headwind. And you see that profiling through some of the segments and I'm happy to share more of that thinking, but it's definitely there. From a gross margin standpoint, as we look into next quarter what we signaled was a favorable segment mix and in a normal environment that would create improvement from a gross margin standpoint. What I'd also say is what we experienced in our most recent quarter was six weeks of impact of a material supply chain disruption driven by a concurrent shelter-in-place order in the Bay Area and Malaysia. It affected a material part of our supply chain, but it was a six-week impact. Going into Q3, we've got a full 13-week impact as the supply chain becomes healthier and that will sort of offset a bit of the favorable segment mix. So I think the best way to think about our gross margin as we look into Q3 from a planning assumption standpoint is to think about it flat. If we can do better, we certainly will. But we'll take it one quarter at a time and give investors our best view of what we see and the pluses and minuses as we manage the business to the best of our ability in this environment.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks for the question. I think I'll take both of those. So let me start with market share. And starting from an overall company perspective, one of the things that we've discussed before is that we have very good balance across all device segments, including leading and trailing logic, DRAM and NAND. This enables us to perform well really regardless of the device mix. It gives us ability to perform well in pretty much any environment. So if we look at overall, 2019 was a good year for us. Your question I think is related to 2020. We look at 2020 as also a very good setup for us. As I said in the prepared remarks, we anticipate strong double-digit growth for Applied in 2020. And what I would say is that in this new environment, I used to travel a significant amount. And I'm still on the phone very frequently with CEOs, R&D leaders. In fact, I had a call with one of the CEOs this morning. And one of the things that's a real advantage for Applied is the traction we have with customers to accelerate their PPACT road maps. And that really is both for memory and also for foundry and logic. So performance in 2019, we gained about two points in the markets that we serve and a 0.5 point overall WFE share. So if we look at the setup for 2020, we continue to see strong foundry/logic investments where we have leadership products, PVD, epi, strong traction in new etch applications. We see currently double-digit growth in our memory business, strong double-digit growth in memory, gaining traction with new capabilities that are key for scaling and strong growth in memory patterning applications. So overall, again we have balance across all of these different segments. I would say that our pipeline of our new products in our integrated materials solutions has never been better relative to accelerating PPACT road maps for customers. Then the second question is around, I think the export controls. So let me start with a perspective of the overall geopolitical situation. And I've said before on this one, Applied believes in fair trade and intellectual property protection. The semi ecosystem and innovation road map rely on these principles.  So regarding the new regulations that were recently announced by the Department of Commerce, we're working very closely with the U.S. government, trade associations and our advisors to better define the requirements for the industry and to be able to comply with the new regulations. We have some very good people working on this and based on our work to-date, our current expectation is Applied is going to be able to meet the government's required standards when the rules come into effect at the end of June without significant disruptions to our business. If needed, we have significant flexibility in our global operations footprint and we're developing contingency plans that we could implement. But again overall, we believe we're going to be able to meet the government's required standards when the rules become effective.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, so let me start with the PDC business overall, and then I’ll answer the edge question. So our inspection measurement business is one of the segments where we have strongest momentum. We talked about the record last quarter we had in the first half of FY2020. And this is far above our previous best half year for the business. We've got strong – we will achieve strong double digit growth overall in 2020 and semi. And this segment will be one of the highest growth businesses for us this year, the inspection and measurement business. Relevant to the new optical inspection system, we have tremendous momentum with that system. We'll launch it later this year, very, very strong adoption in foundry/logic. I'd say the other thing that is positive relative to our PDC business is in e-beam. We have a strong leadership position we have also some new capabilities there, the highest resolution imaging technology in the industry and very strong initial adoption with new capability there with leading customers. So again, we're off to a great start in 2020 in PDC. And I would say the best position that we've ever had relative to that business. Etch to also, I think, as you know, we've had tremendous growth in the conductor etch business about 5x in terms of revenue growth between 2020 and 2018. And this is also where we have probably the best product, most successful product ever in the history of Applied Materials to SIM3. Relative to 2019, we gained about a half a point of overall Etch share. And in 2020, we also anticipate strong double digit growth in Etch. We have good momentum in memory, significant traction with all leading customers in foundry/logic where we haven't had very high shares, it’s been very low in the past. We have really significant traction there. And a new product in packaging that also has strong momentum. So overall we anticipate strong growth in 2020 and we have good momentum with new capabilities and confidence that we're going to continue to grow Etch’s share going forward.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question, John. So this has been discussed for a while. But the focus certainly has been increasing with the current geopolitical situation. I can't, of course, share any details of any discussions I've had with anyone on the topic, but for sure this is a good opportunity for the United States and also for Applied. And we'd be very supporting – supportive of making the concept a success. If we look at when our customers go into different geographic regions, it does create a good opportunity for us. If we look at some of our major customers, I'm not going to talk about anyone in specific, but it creates a really great service opportunity for us as they move into a different geographic location, where they don't have the same nucleus or critical mass of technical horsepower. So as we've had discussions with some of the customers that are thinking about moving into different geographic locations, support of course is one of the key aspects of their decision making. And so again, I think, it could be a really good opportunity for Applied Materials. And certainly from a geopolitical standpoint, a good thing for the United States for this opportunity.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks Harlan. So as we take a look at what happened in 2019 and then talk about what we see in 2020 but then I also want to project forward. So just kind of breaking it down a little bit, we talked about a quarter ago WFE being about $51 billion, $52 billion in 2019. We think we see the market pretty well. Subsequent to our earnings call a quarter ago, VLSI came out and sized 2019 at $51.5 billion. So right in the middle of how we were thinking about it. So we feel good about that view and it's a good number around 2019. We think about how you decompose that WFE number in 2019 by device type. And it's roughly 60% foundry, 40% memory, balance across the two device types and memory. That gives you a rough order of the structure of the market in 2019. And while I think it's premature today to size the market for a variety of reasons that we can go into premature to size the market in 2020 we think the rough order of split by device type looks and feels similar to what we saw in 2019 so again, another year of 60% foundry/logic, 40% memory with balance between device types. As we look forward, we talk about the new playbook. We talk about the suite of innovation that this company is bringing to market, the ability to integrate those technologies, the ability to drive onboard sensors and metrologies to dial in process recipes faster. There’s a clear enablement strategy by this company to drive our customers power, performance, area, cost and time roadmaps. We think we're incredibly well positioned to do that against the backdrop of rising capital intensity over time, with time being a really important element of this. We have the opportunity to play a really valuable role with our customers in driving that time to market dimension across that new playbook. And that puts us in a really strong position competitively. And we think the dynamic of the position, the innovation, where the market is going in terms of time to market, as well as rising capital intensity, we feel good about where the spend profile and Foundry/logic is going over time. So while I can't be point specific going forward, I think, I gave you some insight in terms of how we, as a company, are thinking about this trend off of where we sit today.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks Joe. I wouldn't read anything into it other than if we were to go back three months and think about our Q1 earnings call, what we knew at the time was we had a hotspot in China, the rest of the globe was fine. Based on what we saw we de-risked our guide by $300 million and we talked about it being $150 million semi systems, a $100 million in display and $50 million in AGS. And against that backdrop, we executed really well in display and AGS. We fell short in semi systems. And then you ask yourself, why we fell short. There was a concurrent shelter in place order issued for six weeks of our quarter that impacted a material part of the supply chain. That was unknowable at the time we guided a quarter ago. And given the potential for other aspects of this COVID pandemic to spring up in unexpected places, we felt it was prudent to not guide but share in an attempt to be helpful, share what we're seeing in the business. And we tried to strike the right balance between openness and transparency and trying to be helpful without putting a number out there that there's things that could potentially happen we have no control of. We can't execute our way out of a complete shutdown of our supply chain. And nursing it back to health that impacted six weeks of our quarter.  That was an unknowable event at the time we guided. So it's nothing more than trying to strike the right balance between that transparency and prudent in an environment recognizing the elevated macro risk of where we sit today around the world.
Dan Durn: Hi, Toshiya. I'll jump in on that question. So as we think about China, let's talk about where we ended 2019 and use that as a jumping-off point to talk about what we see incrementally into 2020 as it relates to domestic China spend. So if we look back into 2019, the market sizing was about $6.5 billion. And a quarter ago, we set our expectation for 2020 was an incremental $2 billion to $3 billion of domestic China spend. Our expectation in 2020 is still $2 billion to $3 billion. But now, given the customer news overnight, we're probably at the high end of that range. And so a quarter ago as we think about the decomposition of that incremental spend, we said about one-third 200 millimeter trailing node foundry specialty logic spend, two-thirds of it was 300 millimeter. And as you decompose the 300 millimeter spend, it was roughly split 50-50 between foundry/logic and memory with balance among device types in memory. And as you think about us at the higher end of the range now, think about incrementally more spend in 300 millimeter trailing node foundry/logic. And I think that gives you an evolution of that spend profile of how the now $2.5 billion to $3 billion is spend toward the high end of that incremental range. That's the best insight we have at this point based on everything we see in the market and what we're talking with our customers about.
Dan Durn: Yeah, thanks John. Let me try to unpack it a little bit for you and give you a sense of how we think about it. Hopefully that gives you insight that addresses the question. And if I miss something, please let me know and I'll definitely follow-up. So as we think about where the supply chain is and how the supply chain gets healthier over time, I think, it's important to break it up into three components. And we'll deal with each of these three buckets in sequence. The first, our suppliers back in business, raising their staffing levels and getting back to pre-COVID levels of output. That's sort of a set of issues bucket one. Bucket two, how quickly can they make up for lost volumes? And then the third bucket is, is the logistics channels and how they get healthier over time. And so as we think about the time sequence and overlay of each of those three vectors, all of our suppliers are back in the game, they're working back to hundred percent staffing levels and getting back to pre-COVID levels of output. I think exiting our fiscal Q3, I think, a good portion, a disproportionate share of that will be behind us. That leaves then the second bucket, which is how quickly can you make up for lost volumes? I think that happens given the robust environment we see. I think that happens over our fiscal Q4 and our fiscal Q1. So exiting the calendar year, it should be a direct read through on true and market demand in terms of our business activity, based on what we can see today, that looks like the trajectory.  The third bucket, the logistics, this is something that's going to be a longer term issue to get back to normal. And the reason I say that is there's a correlation between the commercial airline industry and the logistics channels. What I mean is if we're not shipping a full system, full systems, they'll go on special freighter aircraft. A lot of what we do, short of a full system will ride in the belly of a commercial aircraft. We've had to pivot that to alternative freight and logistics channels. And the costs associated with that have risen and create a margin headwind. Given the correlation to the health of the commercial industry, I think, this one is with us for the foreseeable future. And we're likely to have those increased freight and logistics costs stick with us until we can see the degrees of freedom in commercial aviation begin to get much healthier and more active versus the levels today. So if you hear my comments about that margin headwind being around for a while, I sort of disconnect that from the fundamental health of the supply chain. I think we're back, our suppliers are back to pre-COVID levels of output exiting the current fiscal quarter. I think the balance of the calendar year we make up for lost volumes, hard to predict at this point when the commercial aviation channels begin to free up to something similar to what we saw pre-COVID. Hopefully that shed some light on how we're seeing things John and answers your question.
Dan Durn: Yes, Krish just give me a second to pull up the model. Yes, I wouldn't necessarily say that's true. And here is why I go there. First we talked about supply chain, getting back to pre-COVID levels of output throughout our fiscal Q3. So that's an exit rate comment. And implicit in that exit rate comment is the fact that they're not able to supply true end market demand throughout Q3. And we exited Q3, as Gary talked about in his prepared comments, with record backlog in our semi-related business, SSG plus AGS and actually record orders in Q2 as well. So demand continues to be strong and the supply chain will get healthier exiting Q3. And then make up volumes from unmet demand to date through Q3 – I'm sorry, fiscal Q4 and fiscal Q1. So we think we exit the calendar year shipping to true end market demand. So there's a bit of a bleed over of this dynamic into the next fiscal year. And so I think given what we've seen from an order standpoint and what we're entering Q3 with from a backlog perspective, I still think we see strength in the back half of our year. If we break that down by device type, what do we see? We see continued strength throughout the year in foundry, logic. We talked about broadening of our order book in foundry/logic, we talked about multiple customers, multiple nodes we talked about some softness as it relates to things like auto, and industrial, and consumer end markets and that's more trailing node geometries. What we're seeing on the leading edge continues to be strong. As we think about memory, a quarter ago we talked about the second half of the year being the swing factor. And that construct still holds from a memory standpoint, calendar year Q4 is still beyond the horizon of visibility. And so we do think we're in a strong environment and we think the company performed pretty well in the back half of the year even without the 650 million that the – we were unable to meet in the most recent fiscal quarter.
Dan Durn: Yes. So thanks Krish. Let me just try to walk through a little bit of a construct. As we think about the business we do in China today, there we do both semiconductor business and display business. So I'm going to walk you through a bit of a framework of how to think about it to get a sense of how much service business is done in China. So just bear with me as I walk you through this framework. So we do both display and semiconductor business, as you know, in China. So if we take 2019, you add about 29% of our overall company revenue done in China. We've got a large display business, $1.6, almost $1.7 billion in fiscal year 2019. The vast, vast majority of that business goes into China. So if you extract that from the overall China business, that gives you a pretty good look at the size of the semi systems and service business that's done in China. If I then disaggregate it and take the service segment out of that revenue pool and you think about kind of the corporate average service to semi systems, it's kind of a 70-30 split give or take. And so I think that gives you a sense when you extract the display revenues, you get a clean look through on the semi-related business in China. And then you about it as a 70 30 split gives you a sense. But you also have to keep in mind that that service business and systems business service, both multinationals and the domestic industry. And the rough order of magnitude of how the systems business splits up across those two dimensions, think of it maybe 65% domestic, 35% multinational. That gives you a rough framework of how to think about the decomposition of the China business. And hopefully that helps give you a little insight into how to think about that business without being point specific because we don't disclose that level of detail.
Dan Durn: So if we go back a quarter, we said for the last three quarters of our fiscal year, we would, from a planning assumption standpoint, think about $820 million of OpEx per quarter. As you can see in the current environment, clearly, there're savings from a travel standpoint, but the company also did a good job from a discretionary spend perspective. And R&D as a percent of OpEx in the most recent quarter is almost 70%, 69.5%. The company is doing a really good job controlling discretionary spend and we are able to do better than that original guidance around $820 million. I think given where we sit today in an environment that's defined by a little bit higher operating expenses, I think, a good planning assumption for us is, is to keep the $820 million as the right way to think about it. This is a company that will always be disciplined around what we do and how we do it. There's no sacred cows and no entitlement to spend. We will be very disciplined around discretionary spend and make sure that we channel those resources to fuel for future growth. But $820 million is the right assumption in the back part of our fiscal year. There's an opportunity to do better. We certainly will.
Dan Durn: Okay, Pierre let me just try to – there's a lot in there, let me try to hit these. So first I want to just maybe address the framing of the question. When we said profile in 2020, similar to 2019, that was kind of a percent split across device types. I think it's too early to be point specific on the aggregate dollar amount of WFE spend. But what we want to do though is communicate in an attempt to be helpful, communicate about what we see and hear from our customers and what we're see and hear in our business and then extrapolate that towards a view on a market. So what do we see in our business? We see Q1 of our fiscal year our semi-related businesses, SSG and AGS, up 18% year-over-year. Q2 we saw strong demand, but we're actually supply chain limited. Despite that, we were up 13% year-over-year in those two businesses. So the first half of our fiscal year, we're up about 16% year-over-year in our semi-related business. We enter Q3, record backlog in those two businesses. And based on what we're seeing and hearing from customers, we're planning for Q3 to be up sequentially. And then we're expecting it to be up again in Q4. And our view for the fiscal year is strong double digit growth of our systems business. Now, as we think about WFE in the back half of the year, the best framing that I can give you, independent of what we see and hear from our customers because we feel good about our business. What we see and hear, I'm sorry, what we – the best way to frame the back half of WFE, I think, there's going to be two factors that influence WFE in the back half of the year. There's what the customers do and then there's what the supply chain does as it gets healthier. And we know and are aware of the economic, macroeconomic environment. We're aware of what's going on. We see pluses and minuses, cloud, data center, PC, comm infrastructure, are still showing signs of strength. It's offset by softness in things like auto, industrial, consumer, travel, leisure. So we do have that push and pull from a macro environment standpoint and we see those pluses and minuses playing out in the market. Too early for us to decide how that ultimately plays out. Then you have to overlay the comments we made on the supply chain. The combination of those two will influence the shape of WFE in the back half of the year. That said, we feel good about where we sit looking into our Q3 and our Q4.
Dan Durn: Yes, operator if you don't mind, I just wanted to let you know that we have time for just one more question. Thank you.
Dan Durn: So what I would say to that is, is we shared with you what we're seeing and hearing from customers today. I think we recognize that there's pluses and minuses at play in the market. We try to be open about what we're seeing on both sides of that ledger. And what I would say is, is we're just going to continue to be very vigilant at the business. We're going to be ready to respond quickly as the situation evolves. We'll continue to be transparent, and we will let you know what we see each quarter, but hard at this point to call it with precision exactly how that unfolds and profiles in the back part of the year. And so let's take it one quarter at a time and we'll share with you what we see along the way.
Dan Durn: Sure Mike. I'd like to share our best – I'd like to share our best wishes to everyone who has been affected by the COVID situation. I'd also like to sincerely thank our employees for adapting to a difficult environment and showing strong support for our customers. They've done a truly strong job and we appreciate it. Our company is privileged. It's privileged to pay a big role in enabling the work-from-home and the learn-from-home and enabling those technologies that the world needs right now. We're mindful of the macroeconomic risks, but our business is broader, more resilient than it has in the past. And we continue to see strength throughout the second half of our fiscal year. We will stay close to the investors throughout this situation. Gary and I, we’re going to be at the Bernstein conference in a couple of weeks. I'm going to attend events hosted by Needham, and Cowen and BofA. So we hope to see many of you soon. Stay safe. Be healthy. Mike, let's close the call.
