Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Rachel. Today, we will discuss the results for our fourth quarter and fiscal year ending October 27. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today’s call will also contain forward-looking statements including those that our announced business combination with Tokyo Electron and our current view of Applied markets, operational improvements, products, share positions, profitability, growth targets and Q1 business outlook. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied and it should be interpreted in that light. Information concerning the risk factors is contained in our company’s SEC filings including our most recent Form 10-Q. These are our expectations as of today and we assume no obligation to update the forward looking statements. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today’s earnings press release and in our earnings summary presentation, both of which are available on our IR website at appliedmaterials.com. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Bob. As a reminder, today’s call will be focused on Applied’s business and financials and we do look forward to providing you with more information about the planned combination with Tokyo Electron over time. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Rachel, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: And Mehdi, did you have a follow up for Bob. Mehdi, do you want to follow that up, we’ll be happy to.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, Harlan for your question. And we’d like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific Time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Bob Halliday: Actually I think the eval number is going to be bigger than 20% -- it’s bigger than that number, but we just didn’t put a number in here today.
Bob Halliday: Yeah, Jagdish, we think -- overall, environment next year, wafer fab equipment is pretty good. We also think we’ll do well next year. We don’t project that far advance at this point, but we are getting some good penetrations. We think we gained share in some significant markets in 2013. And we see momentum continue into 2014. But we have a projected four year ‘14 share in revenue. But we think we have a pretty good momentum.
Bob Halliday: Yeah. I pulled out the historical data, Tim, on that, because I saw that obviously. And what you see is it always -- it doesn’t always tie tightly in the individual quarters, but the partner is usually petty consistent overtime and we remain optimistic about our opportunity there in the next quarter. So I think there is some linkage.
Bob Halliday: Yeah. I don’t think it’s a big revenue constraint. It’s -- there is mid-level double -- it’s a good number of double-digit tools, right, and the growth is pretty good too. But they are more of leading indicator of share gains than revenue slippage. So I am really happy we are doing them because they are really good indicator of share opportunities, but they are not a big short-term problem for evidence.
Bob Halliday: Yes, we think our Q1 looks pretty good and we think our share looks pretty good there. I haven't projected beyond the first quarter or so, but the visibility in the near term next quarter still looks pretty good.
Bob Halliday: The data we have -- first you asked the qualitative question, then the quantitative question. I'll do the quantitative one first. We see it has the potential to be up year-over-year, but not dramatically up. We see the first part of the years Q1 super, we think it gets a little stronger during the year. We think it is driven more by mobile DRAM. In terms of capital intensity daunting them, I think it's more of a capacity – do they need the capacity and if you read stuff that folks like you even write, they're benefitting from a little bit of pricing improvement now and they seem to be showing more discipline around it than they have historically. Operator And your next question comes from the line of Weston Twigg from Pacific.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I’ll try to give you color on that. I think this is a little risk it goes up. Here is what’s going on. At the beginning of the calendar year of January 1st, we do our annual raises and reviews for everyone, and then we also accrue the intensive comp a little bit higher rate, so there is a little bit of a step up. I think I referred to that last quarter too on the spending. Now, if you look at structural spending, underpinning that there is a fair amount of continue structural cost savings that were going through. So, I think there is a little opportunity that expenses trend up a little bit in the second quarter, mostly in products again and we are trying to mitigate that. But we continuously tightening our belts but I would say it’s a little bit of upward bound there.
Bob Halliday: Well, I’ll tell you, some of the things that are going on there. It’s capital intensity is located in deposition and etch. So, I think our numbers would say like 30% to 50% and increasing capital intensity going from 2D to 3D NAND per deposition and etch. I think our lithography is actually less intensive, because you are going down to 50 nanometer rules, so it’s heavily located in deposition and etch.
Bob Halliday: I think the official number we put out a little while ago was 50% from planar to 3D for etch and CVD.
Bob Halliday: Sure. So we talked about early on the call that the revenues are down a little bit in Q1, which is seasonality. If you look at the gross margin opportunity in AGS, which is our global services, we're optimistic that we can make improvements next year. Some of the improvements are going to be some higher value services but we also think there is an opportunity for cost reduction on materials which will save us some money. So we think we have an opportunity to improve gross margins across services and products. We talked about for the company an overall increase of over 1% on gross margins. Within AGS we see similar kinds of opportunities.
Bob Halliday: Sure. If you add up our orders numbers we have reported throughout the year you will see now we have a pretty damn big backlog in display and the lead times in those tools tend to be pretty long, months and months in terms of the lead times to buy the parts and assemble the tools. So you have pretty good visibility into the shipment pattern. Now the risk you have on that tends to be a little bit – they slip it out a little bit. But in terms of the visibility into the shipment plan over the next six months, it's pretty good. The inventory charge we noted on this that was related to a specific type of tool, we are still hopeful that we are going to end up in good territory in those tools. But right now we took the position that it was – we are going to take a reserve against them.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think we strive to get higher gross operating margins. Yes, I agree with you. I think right now, we’ve talked a lot about we’ve been reducing costs in overhead areas particularly ones that aren’t in SSG and investing in product development, which is heavily focused in SSG. Those new products have started to come out whether be eval tools or D2R positions as they start to get revenue ramps on those tools. You see our margins dropped too much more effectively. So we see it going up next year with some volume. We see it improving over time as we start to get penetrations and our goal is to be much more similar to what the numbers you’ve referenced. We’ve just done somewhat of an investment mode in R&D in SSG right now and we’re funding that by cutting back all of other places where it’s sold overhead. So I think our overall approach is somewhat balanced right now but in SSG we’re in investment mode right now.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. I intentionally, John, I intentionally gave everybody some guidance by quarter because there are so many moving pieces here that want to try and help. Last quarter, if you remember I voice some conservatism about the Q1 gross margins. I looked ahead at quarter and in fact if you look at what we are saying today is probably a little bit more optimistic than the street interpreted last quarter. In fact, even I thought we saw a little bit better. So, a lot of mix things going on here. So if you look Q1, probably a little bit better than people thought last quarter and even I thought down little bit from this third -- up a little bit actually from this quarter, but not quite as conservative as I thought last quarter. As you look to Q2, I project the mix to be a little bit negative. I project, as we go through the year, Q3 and Q4, the product and customer mix should be more positive and I project some of the material costs and absorption to be more positive later in the year. Additionally, the question you ask about new product penetrations, we are pretty optimistic that the new product penetration including the disruptive ones in the evals and the customer engagement, those are not big levers in terms of the gross margins this year. I think we are more enthusiastic both some of the leading indicators of share gains.
Gary Dickerson: We definitely are making progress in etch this year. We really have strengthened the team, focused the strategy in the areas where we have good opportunities. And we anticipate that we will gain somewhere around five points of share overall in etch. In 2013, really focused in conductor etch and that is in, certainly planar and 3D NAND where we are making a lot of progress and also in foundry. Thos are the key areas. In addition, we have some strong technology around inflections for our customers and we are getting good pull in those areas also.
Gary Dickerson: The overall orders, which were up and where we said DRAM was down. We said the others were up and I think we alluded to the fact we feel pretty strongly about orders into the near term, particularly in foundry and places like that. I know a lot of people have commented in the public domain that this information at a very large foundry, we did remarkably well in the last few months. We don't dispute that notion that’s out there in the public domain. Some of that we think falls into our Q1, so we see fair amount of momentum for ourselves, particularly at leading-edge customers. We do think DRAM, which we mentioned on the phone, not too much momentum right now in the marketplace. So we feel good about foundry, particularly for Applied. We feel NAND looks pretty good, particularly for Applied. In DRAM, we are little more conservative frankly.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, in solar as we mentioned, we've reduced the operating expenses in the last year by about $120 million. Certainly our goal is to -- while we're in this period of time where the demand is soft, continue to reduce the earnings drag and we see additional opportunities to do that. There is some incremental improvement, we see a couple of opportunities that could get us much closer to breakeven in the EES businesses in 2014. But really we think 2014 is going to remain relatively soft in EES overall, and we continue to look for ways to cut cost. As I talked about in the last earnings call, we set a hurdle relative to the operating profit and ROI in each one of the businesses, and we continually evaluate all of the different businesses against that criteria and make decisions that are appropriate based on that information.
Gary Dickerson: Well, DRAM what we believe is that we'll be somewhat higher. There's some strength in mobile DRAM and as you said, there's some capacity that was taken offline that will provide some incremental lift in the DRAM business. We really don't expect to see that to be a significant change in 2014. We see stronger incremental business in NAND flash, both in planar and the first factory ramping 3D NAND, so that we think will be stronger. And we see incremental CapEx in foundry. Also, DRAM, we think will be up slightly in 2014, but not a significant amount.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. I think that – again if we look at the market overall in 2014, as I mentioned we think NAND will be up both in planar and 3D NAND. Foundry -- the ramp in 20-nanometer we think will be pretty significant in 2014 and there is a big focus for all of the foundries to move to FinFET technology as quickly as possible. So we see incremental spending there from the foundries in Taiwan and elsewhere on that technology transition in FinFET. So overall, we think the foundry spending will also be up in 2014. And then relative to your question on the seasonality, certainly we have seen that pattern over the last couple of years, relative first half, second half. We really are not making any forecast right now relative to first half and second half of 2014.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks. Yeah. So, as I talked about before, we see very, very strong -- continue to see very strong pull from customers in the inspection market, lot of momentum, especially in foundry and logic, layer penetration increasing at 20-nanometer and 28-nanometer. And we also see a very strong position as the customers move to FinFET technology. In the leading FinFET companies the layer penetration for us is increasing, so that -- really the strength is in, the foundry and logic business. There are some areas where the technology is superior to the competitors, especially in some of the patenting types of applications. We have imaging capabilities that really leverage our strengths. So that’s one area that is growing for us and I mentioned in the prepared remarks that our UVision brightfield sales were a record in this last year. We also have a strong position in e-beam technology, the e-beam review business is a few hundred million dollars and we are strengthening our position there. And as customers are moving to the 3D NAND, there is more demand for e-beam types of applications and the defect review. We are actually seeing traction both in foundry and logic with some unique e-beam imaging capability and metrology. So we are seeing some more pull there and e-beam inspection especially in 3D NAND is increasing. That’s a small number for us today, but we see that longer term as they -- as an increasing opportunity.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. I think we will see certainly technology buys in 2014. The one customer you mentioned is really has been pretty optimistic relative to the performance of the device. And certainly, all of the customers have that transition on their roadmap and so for the other customers 2014 we would see technology buys not so much high volume production.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I don't know that we're going to give any specific numbers. What Bob had mentioned is correct, relative to incremental strength and foundry orders in Q1 as many people have reported. There was a question on the call today relative to the orders last quarter that were reported in Taiwan and our numbers being below that. As Bob said, that we think will come into alignment and we look incrementally in Q1 for the orders to be very positive.
Gary Dickerson: Well, we definitely have opportunities in selective material removal as we had talked about in the July meeting. That market we believe will grow very significantly over the next few years. We are always introducing new models and new products, including in inspection. We typically won't talk a lot about some of these new tools. What we've been doing is really targeting the high value problems for customers as they're making these technology changes around FinFET, 3D NAND. There are some new areas that we are looking, that we are pursuing that are good opportunities for us long term and not ready to talk about those in detail. It does take time as you know for those new tools to be adopted in the technology roadmap for the customer. So, as Bob said, it’s really a leading indicator of opportunities for us in the future and our $200 million that we are spending in SSG really are focused on these major technology transitions and highest value problems for our customers.
Gary Dickerson: I think it’s a combination of opportunities in these major technology transitions at 60 nanometer or the first-generation FinFET. There are some opportunities there for us and then also in 3D NAN. I would say that it’s a mix of products that are going into those near-term technologies and also once that we’re looking out further, as there are even bigger changes with new materials that will be necessary for those devices.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. You are right. Now, we are separate companies and we are driving -- really no change in our strategy, no change in our investment profile. We really can’t work on a deeper understanding of products, technologies, roadmap, all of those kinds of things until we are together.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah -- no definitely, I mean all of these applications, etch or all of these markets, etch and inspection, many, many, many different segments and so the share for us is increasing in the conductor etch types of applications, but there are maybe four different companies, five different companies that are competing for that business.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. We found display as we talked about earlier, there are a few things driving the business. One is, the increase in TV sizes that's very positive driver for us and really the new technology in display technology and mobile is also positive with LTPS, OLED, flexible displays. This is really a big part of the battleground for the consumers and we see a lot of technology transitionings happening this Christmas season and then really tremendous focus from very big companies around technology that would be positive for us from a total available market standpoint.
Gary Dickerson: Well, there's some technology that's similar between 2D and 3D, but certainly what we've seen is buying for some applications that are very specific for 3D NAND. So again, what we've heard in talking with the customer is the timeframe in terms of the ramp and that the specific tools that are being purchased for 3D NAND applications are consistent with what we've talked about.
Gary Dickerson: Well, the first thing really for the customers is to make the technology work and that’s been a huge focus whether its 20-nanometer ramp to get the yield and device performance targets or FinFET technology or the transition from planar to 3D NAND, what I would say is that those technology transitions are very big transitions, many new materials, very difficult for the customers. And so the first thing really in working with them is to hit the device performance targets and those are the things that we’re working on and then after that really it’s -- it's trying to optimize the overall capability of business terms. And we’re certainly working with customers on that too but the key thing is trying to enable these major changes in device performance and yield as they go through the initial stages of these new device technology transitions.
