Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining Applied’s first quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-K filing with the SEC. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. Later this month, Applied Materials is participating in the SPIE Advanced Lithography and Patterning Conference. For those who aren’t traveling to San Jose for the conference, we plan to hold a new product launch event on our IR Website on Tuesday, February 28th at 9 am Pacific Time. We hope you’ll join us. And with that introduction, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today’s call. If you have another question, please requeue and we’ll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, Brice. And I’d like to add my own closing message, which is please do join us on February 28th for our Patterning Product Launch webcast. You can find a registration link on the Events page of our IR website, where we’ll also post a replay of today’s call by 5 o’clock Pacific Time today. So, thank you for joining us this afternoon and for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Okay. Great. Hi C.J. And thanks for the question. So on our backlog, just taking a step back, we did see a lot of activity with movement in orders during the quarter. As we’ve described before, we go through our orders each quarter, work with the customers to update them. And there was a lot of movement. We do see the weakness in the market that everybody else sees in the leading edge, logic and in memory. But as Gary pointed out, we did have strong bookings in the quarter and our backlog actually grew. We think that more than half of that backlog would be executed this year. And as Gary also pointed out, we expect that we’ll begin to work that down toward a more normal level as we start to improve supply chain and be able to ship the demand that we’re still shipping from last year, really, we’re still working in some of our business units to cover the demand that we had last year. So, it has been a little bit of a buffer, the strong backlog against the weakness in the market for us, and we think it’s going to take the rest of the year, probably 1 to 4 quarters, depending on the business unit, we’re thinking about to work through to normalize the lead times and recover the backlog that we need to ship against.
Brice Hill: Yes. And C.J., we’re not giving the guidance for the second half, but we’ll just say that as I highlighted, more than half of that backlog is in the year, so it’s definitely helping the year. It is buffering us Q1, Q2. And it does give us confidence that we had strong bookings in the quarter. And we’ll probably talk more about this, but we’ll highlight that the ICAPS markets are very strong. In fact, demand has been accelerating in those markets.
Brice Hill: Hi Stacy. Thanks for the question. First of all, it’s broad-based, I guess, would be my first answer on the ICAPS. We had significant growth last year that we highlighted when we did our year-end call, and it’s actually accelerating into this year. So I’ll come back to whether that’s a concern or not. China is the largest region and the largest single country driving ICAPS. So, it is a focus area. We’re actually not concerned that it’s going to be affected by trade regulations. So, that’s not on the radar screen at this point. As we think about ICAPS and we think about that broad-based strength, you’re probably aware or certainly aware that many of the companies that we know are leading ICAPS manufacturers have announced that they’re adding capacity, and the capital intensity for those companies is increasing. And I think it just is a reflection of there’s little used factories and used equipment available in the market. And so, as companies need to add capacity to serve this market, they’re having to make the new investments. We do think it’s sustainable. We do think it’s being driven by, in some cases, are being supported in some cases by government incentives. But we’re not concerned that companies will put capital in place that they don’t plan to use. We don’t think the incentives are enough to have somebody install equipment and not use it just in the hopes of using it. So, we’re also fairly confident in the underlying demand, things like electrification, electric vehicles, sustainable power. All these types of markets we think are sustainable. So we just -- we’re seeing an acceleration in that area for our business, and we think it will continue.
Brice Hill: Thanks for the question, Vivek. We’re fairly confident that we’re current with our memory customers on their orders. We’ve definitely seen -- as I highlighted in our booking activity, we definitely have seen significant cancellations and pushouts from memory customers. We think we’re current. Mathematically, you’re exactly right. The acceleration in ICAPS has more than offset the weakness we’re seeing there and any slowdown we saw in leading-edge logic. So, that’s true. And then, we’ve looked at the leading indicators on the memory side. We’re still seeing pricing declines. We’re still seeing inventory increases. So, we don’t think it’s turning yet, at least from our perspective, but we’re confident we’re current with the customers, Vivek.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks Krish. So yes, we didn’t provide a WFE because we’re really just trying to focus on sharing what we’re seeing, all the signals that we’re getting in the market because we’re a little bit abstracted from it. As you pointed out, we’ve got the strength and acceleration in ICAPS that may make us a little bit different. We’re also still shipping orders we had from ‘22. So for us, we’re catching up to demand, especially in some of the key differentiated business units that existed before the year. So, it’s not a perfect match, and it’s difficult for us to estimate. Switching to OpEx. As we talked about in our last call, because we were supply constrained, our OpEx growth, that was our plan, was a little bit ahead of our revenue growth. So, we have implemented headcount targets. We’ve moved to strategic hiring only, and we do have initiatives focused on improving our productivity on spending. So we’re conscious of that. Of course, it’s a balancing act, Krish, through this year because we think the industry is growing. We’re confident in the direction we need to continue investing in R&D. So that’s our primary goal is to deliver those programs to customers. We have flexibility, if the environment deteriorates for us, then we’ll make more appropriate changes to spending. But right now, we’re comfortable with the trajectory.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Atif. Yes. I think that we’ve characterized foundry logic as two-thirds of the business last year. Memory is a little slower this year, so that mix is changing a little bit. And we characterized our lagging edge or the ICAPS portion as about 50-50 with leading edge. So that’s the way we characterize it. And that’s all thinking of it from a TAM perspective. What we are seeing at the company level is that the ICAPS market is accelerating and growing at a very high rate for the Company this year. And we think part of that is driven by government incentives and part of that is driven by the higher intensity and part of that is driven by the strength in the end markets that I highlighted. And maybe, Gary, on the silicon carbide, you could make a comment.
Brice Hill: I think in the DRAM and NAND, we have seen the weakening in memory. We do expect that next year will improve on the memory perspective. I don’t think, Toshiya, we’re going to give an exact moment when the market will turn. I mentioned earlier, we kind of have three signals that we can look at internally. We can look at utilization for both NAND and DRAM. And we see utilization lower this quarter and all of our customers are forecasting utilization to be even lower next quarter. We’ve looked at the pricing of memory, and it looks like it’s either declining or declining -- or slightly flattening. And then we’ve looked at inventories and it looks like inventories are still growing. So I don’t think at this point that we can say, call the point in time where memory starts to grow. But we do expect next year that memory will improve and companies will begin to invest again. And it’s just difficult to call that moment.
Brice Hill: Yes. I think -- thanks, Tim, for the question. So color on it, I would say we did see weakness in leading logic and memory as we described. So, a lot of the strength that we’re seeing comes back to this acceleration on the ICAPS side. So from a mix perspective, I think that’s where a lot of strength in the orders is coming from. And Gary highlighted the growth of implant. So certainly not -- the growth of total ICAPS is not 100%, but it is very meaningful to us for the year, obviously, enough in Q1 to offset weakness in memory and leading logic. So, that gives you some of the perspective. Most of this is in the semi business. Some of it’s in 200-millimeter, which comes in the AGS space. And what I would say is, yes, it does tie back to the long lead times in the areas of the business that are highly differentiated equipment, where we’re still working off that backlog. And we think it will take us -- I guess what I would say is -- last quarter, we highlighted that a normal backlog would probably be in the $12 billion or $13 billion range. We expect to work back in that direction as supply improves, and we can start catching up to the demand we had from last year.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. I’ll start, and Gary will probably want to add something here. I don’t think that the inventory situation in the current market is guiding their technology transition choices. I think that will be driven by their opportunity to take leadership positions and improve the cost of the bits and improve the product performance, et cetera. So, what does happen is they may have more equipment that they can reuse into their road map depending on what demand is. So, they’ll make changes and lower their equipment buys based on that. So, I think -- I’m not aware of companies for -- that are connecting the technology ramp decision with the current inventory situation and business situation.
Brice Hill: It was a little hard to hear the second part of that question. But let me start with working down the backlog, Joe. Thanks for the question, Joe. So I guess the way we’re thinking about it, it’s hard to estimate the order flow coming in and estimate the exact backlog number. But we’ve got several business units that are still shipping against demand really that we received last year. And it has been supply constrained. It’s -- we’re behind 1 to 4 quarters depending on the business unit that we think of. So we think as supply has improved, we’ll begin to ship back against last year’s orders and recover to a normal position. And the quickest business unit, we’ll probably do that in the next quarter. Then we do have one or two business units that will take into next year to be able to recover that. I don’t know -- go ahead and -- Joe, can you say the second part of your question, again. There was some line noise kind of blocked it.
Brice Hill: I think we’re not really -- I guess I would say we’re not really expecting orders to slow. Like I said, we’re current in the environment. And so, as we think towards next year, we expect ‘24 to be a better year across the whole industry, memory, leading logic, et cetera. So at some point, we expect there to be stability in the market. We saw strong orders this period. I can’t predict if it will be strong every cycle. But as we head towards ‘24, we think there’ll be firmer footing.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Quinn. The strength in ICAPS is broad-based. So, it is growing worldwide, but China is the largest country, and most of the demand that we see in China is really ICAPS-related because the memory investments and leading logic investments are essentially zero or close to zero. That’s where most of that investment is.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Mehdi. I’ll take the -- I’ll take the $250 million. So, we do expect -- none of that demand is perishable. So yes, in your model, I would take that $250 million and add it to whatever you’re modeling for Q3. We don’t know if we’ll get exactly all in Q3, but we think we’ll get it most in Q3 based on our current assumptions. And then, to the extent that there’s weakness in the second half, if there is, then it would offset that to a degree, just like you’re describing.
Brice Hill: Yes. Brian, thanks for the question. I do think it’s fair. I didn’t parse backlog in exactly the way that you described. But to your point, we’re seeing significant strength accelerating demand from our ICAPS customers that’s filling in blanks that we get on the memory or leading logic side. And so to the extent that that -- our backlog represents the orders that we’re shipping, I think it’s fair to say that there’s a significant amount of ICAPS strengths across that backlog. So, I think that dynamic is fair. And just going back to those end markets, we do think it’s sustainable. We don’t think the strength is anything unusual or driven by any unusual activity. We don’t think companies are putting in capacity that they won’t use. This is just growth that, as Gary said, that we’ve seen coming for a while and it’s starting to build out, and you might have seen some of the big -- larger companies in the ICAPS space talking about these investments. So I think you’ll see it pretty much across the globe.
Brice Hill: Yes. Blayne, I think slightly weaker, we won’t give an exact number. We may not see the exact number either. But, when we look -- when we think about the big customers in foundry logic, that everybody knows, they have had reductions in our capital plans. When we look at leading foundry logic, when we look at utilization, it is low at this period of time. So their customers, our customers’ customers are working through inventories at this point in time. But when you start to turn the page, the leading logic is going to invest in the next nodes and put that capacity in place. They may have a little bit more equipment available for reuse but they’re going to make those investments. And we expect that and we see that coming through. And so, we’ll -- when we get past this year, we’ll expect to see strength in foundry logic again. Gary, do you want to add anything to that one? Okay. We’re good. Thanks for the question, Blayne.
Brice Hill: Hi Vijay. I don’t know if -- first of all, it’s current. We’ve definitely gone through and made changes to the backlog based on our current customer situations. Whether we have more exposure or not, it depends on how things go. The macroeconomic factors are also important if there’s -- some people think there will be a recession, some people don’t. So it really depends on where the economy goes for the second half. But all we can say is we’re current. We don’t think we’re missing signals in the market, and we don’t think there’s impending changes. It will just depend on which way the underlying demand goes.
Brice Hill: We won’t call it exact trough, but I think it’s a fair thought because we expect over time display will grow. We expect our services business will grow. And certainly, China is mostly an ICAPS businesses at this point, and we’re expecting strong growth there. So, I won’t call a trough, but if you ask, are the effects of the trade rules, have we absorbed those effects, I think the answer is yes.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Mike. Absolutely. So today, we emphasized that our backlog of enabling products, our ICAPS growth and our strength in services are helping us to be resilient in this market. We’re confident in the long-term growth of the semiconductor industry and committed to building the technology and capacity to support our customers. Thank you all for attending this call. We look forward to seeing many of you at our offices this quarter, and I look forward to attending the Morgan Stanley conference in a few weeks. Mike, thank you, and please close today’s call.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. C.J., one other thing I would add is that the largest part of our backlog is with our leadership products, especially MDP and implants. So again, that gives us strength as we go forward.
Gary Dickerson: Stacy, the one thing I would add too is if you remember, several years ago, you had a lot of used equipment as the foundry business model was emerging. So that really depressed capital intensity for a number of years. And of course, that’s not happening now. So capital intensity is up, and our position there is very good.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Let me just give a little bit more color. So, ICAPS relative to market share is similar for us with leading foundry logic. So, we’ve grown share in ICAPS a significant amount over the last few years. It’s also accretive to our overall gross margins. Four years ago, I think we’ve talked about this, we formed the ICAPS IoT, communication, auto power, sensors, organization because we could see these markets were going to grow at a significant pace. So we pulled together a really strong team. We have the broadest exposure. If you look at all of the technologies, whether it’s in -- again, any of those different segments within ICAPS, we have significant strength. So again, that’s something that we saw several years ago and made investments. So, we have many ICAPS specific products. Implant is one area if we look at. There’s many areas where we have strength and broad exposure in ICAPS. But in that particular area, we’ve introduced 10 new products focused on ICAPS in the last five years. That is the largest segment of our implant business. And just in that one area, again, we’ve been very supply constrained, we expect that we can double our ICAPS revenue in ‘23 versus ‘22. So again, just really across the board we have very, very strong positions. And pulling that organization together four years ago, really put us in a good position for what we’re seeing today.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, maybe one thing I would add that just kind of gets back to a lot of the questions. We do have strength in many of these key technology inflections. We talked in the Master Classes about inflections gate all around, wiring, memory with capacitor formation or new materials, PDC strength. We had that Master Class in December. So that’s another thing. When you look at the composition of the backlog, just again, wiring alone, we have one inflection that enables a 50% reduction in resistance. The dollar per wafer goes up about 3x from 7 to 3-nanometer. So, those areas are also helping us in relative performance.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Harlan, I would say that your view of memory strengthening, we said DRAM potentially by the end of the calendar year and memory strengthening into ‘24, we would share that perspective. What I would say is that we are -- we also believe that foundry logic will remain strong going forward. It was in this kind of two-thirds, one-third mix between foundry logic and memory. And especially with government incentives, you see a lot of government incentives certainly in the U.S., in Europe, Japan, a number of different areas, potentially in India. That could add a few billion dollars per year in additional investment. And again, the profile of higher foundry logic versus memory, we think that’s going to sustain for a number of years going into the future.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. What I would say is that from what we’re hearing from customers, the demand for 3-nanometer is very strong. And that looks like that’s going to be a very big investment for our customers. And again, for us, the positions there, we’ve covered that in a lot of the Master Classes, we expect our share of gate-all-around to rise versus FinFET, about 5 points. And we have the majority of the spending in that inflection. I’ve talked about those wiring inflections where the dollar per wafer goes up significantly from one technology node to the next. And again, we’ve covered those in the Master Classes. So, our position at 3-nanometer is very strong. Our position gets stronger even in 2-nanometer as customers are driving improvements in power and performance. So, our position there is very good. And again, what we’re hearing from customers is significant demand for 3-nanometer and then the timing, we’ll let them comment on the timing.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. I would say that relative to ICAPS profile in ‘23, China is remaining at a similar level. But there is growth, significant growth in the other regions. So, I think your assumption is pretty close to what we see.
Gary Dickerson: [Technical Difficulty] Sorry. Sorry, I didn’t push the button. So, relative to implant ICAPS, we haven’t quantified the amount -- the size of that business. But it is the largest segment within implant, Mehdi. And we -- and as I said earlier, that we believe that we can double that, roughly double that implant ICAPS revenue from ‘22 to ‘23. We’re the leader in that segment, and it is significant. But we have really broad exposure across multiple products within ICAPS. As you know, it’s not really shrink-driven, it’s more materials and structures-driven market. We’re the leader in that market, and we expect that will remain strong in ‘23 and going forward.
