George Davis: Yes. I mean, we always expected EES to be a little bit soft in the fourth quarter, so we're really dependent on a return to growth in SSG.
George Davis: Yes, I think you're interpreting it correctly. In order for us to be flat, we have to be up modestly in SSG in the fourth quarter. And it's one of the reasons why we haven't walked away from the $11 billion and $1.50. It's certainly far more at risk than previously, but we think that there's still a chance that you'll see an increase in spending in our fourth fiscal quarter.
George Davis: I'm sorry, I didn't quite hear. Your voice cut out a little bit in the middle of that. Could you repeat that question again? I'm sorry.
George Davis: Yes, I think we think that as you get closer to year end, that things start to strengthen again, so that the pushouts start to come back in. Whether we can call that they'll come into our fourth fiscal quarter or into the fourth calendar quarter, I think it's a little premature.
George Davis: I would just add that when we look at acquisitions, and we've had, I think, a pretty good track record, we use pretty fundamental analysis, discounted cash flow. And I can tell you our models assume that we're still a cyclical business. And so there is an appreciation for the fact that you can't predict the cycles, but you can get a sense for valuation over time. And you really look at other ways that we can add value together. We've talked about the obvious areas, like synergies. But really, helping them take their foray into some of the markets where we're more experienced, like Solar and Display, can create value. And also, we think there's a lot of crossover then you start getting implant engineers together with some of our thermal engineers, and that some interesting things can come out of that. I think, also in the etch side, there's going to be some interesting products that come out of it. So there's a lot of areas where joint development is going to create, I think, solutions for customers that will create value for us.
George Davis: Tim, I think the first part of your analysis, which says there has to be pushouts, we've certainly seen pushouts, and that's part of the factor. But if you look at our backlog, you're still going to see 80% of that turn between this quarter and next quarter, and about 50% of it during this quarter. Also in the SSG side, as you know, we've been in a very high turns environment for the past 4 or 5 quarters. A little less so in this quarter. So some of the longer lead time customers are adding to the order book, so it doesn't necessarily turn in the first quarter, first quarter out. So those are factors. In terms of margins on SSG, I think clearly, the Samsung agreement has an impact. As we've said, relative to the overall model, we think over time, the downside case is that it takes a point off of the operating model. It's a little more front-end loaded when we first get started. But really, I think what you're seeing is more investment in TR&D opportunities that's impacting us in the near term.
George Davis: Yes. I think that's -- I mean, I think that is a reasonable scenario for the second half of the year. We haven't put a forecast out for Q4, but that's certainly one of the outcomes that we could see as a reasonable outcome. But part of it's going to be you're going to have to see kind of a reversal of what we've seen for the last quarter, which is some of these consumer devices where we've had remarkably high growth rates quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year actually had negative growth in the last quarter. I think that's one of the things that really affected some of the foundry customers to pull back, as they weren't able to get through a lot of inventory. As you say, there are some signs that, that is going to be less of a factor going forward, but we've got to see the consumer demand side pick back up.
George Davis: Why don't I take that second question first, Mehdi. The pushout, it just depends on whether it pushes 1 quarter or 2 quarters. And I think that will depend on, again, the economic factors out there. Everybody's reading the same tea leaves on this.
George Davis: Well, I think you'll see gross margin improve a little bit just on mix alone. We've also seen AGS had some margin issues this year related to 200-millimeter. We said they're pretty much through all of that by the fourth quarter, so we expect to get that benefit. But really, it's going to require SSG revenues to come back up. And as you know, that flows through at a very high rate. And so we'll just have to see how that plays out. But your analysis is correct.
George Davis: Sure, this is George. Let me add a little color or add to that question here. Our view is that it just takes about one customer, with the amount of concentration that we have, that comes back, and just like the pushouts have been pretty concentrated, you could easily see 9% with an increase in foundry. You could see it -- NAND flash is certainly softer than we had anticipated in the second half of the year. There's a lot of reasons for that, but those reasons could also reverse themselves, the customers could have more confidence and we could see that in our fourth quarter. Those 2 alone could take us well above up 10% in the fourth quarter. But also, again, as Mike said, we're operating at a very low level of DRAM. And if customers start to see some firming in that kind of 3 strong quarters of down price for DRAM, you start to see a reversal in that, and people start to get a little more confident, you could see DRAM come back a little bit early. But I would say foundry and flash are probably the first place.
George Davis: Yes. Right now, I think when you look at the aging of the backlog, it looks fine. And like I said, particularly with SSG, you've got -- over 50% of the backlog is going to go out in the next quarter, and you got 30% in the quarter after that. So right now, it looks healthy, but we always have the same concern that you have, which is you've got to watch this very closely and make sure that you balance everything from the way you look at your inventory to everything as you see this kind of behavior. But again, I think it really reflects the near-term economic conditions that Mike talked about. And we'll see if they worsen or things start to moderate and get better.
Michael Splinter: Well, the discussions are pretty much along the lines that you just pointed out. 65-nanometer has been weak. There's some projection that it's going to come back and be more fully utilized in the next few months, but they're being cautious about that and focusing their investment on expanding capacity at the most advanced node, virtually at every foundry. But the 3 big foundries that have technology at 32 nanometers are really the one -- and below are really the ones pushing forward today.
Michael Splinter: CJ, our view on wafer fab equipment spending has always been that first quarter and fourth quarter would be the biggest quarters on wafer fab equipment spending, with lower investment in Q2 and Q3 of the calendar year. And so that's kind of the way our fiscal year plays out. We have to have a pretty solid October to reach those numbers.
Michael Splinter: We think that in calendar 2011, when you sum it all up, including touch panels and low-temperature polysilicon, it'd be down about 10% or 15%. We think, again in 2012, those areas are going to be -- the touch panel and high-performance displays are going to be very strong and grow. I think the big question is how quickly the China investments are going to take place. And if they go through in the first half of 2012, we're going to see a very strong 2012 in Display, and should be certainly a record for us.
Michael Splinter: Sure. Overall, as you can imagine, we've talked to pretty much every customer that would be affected. And overall, the feedback has been quite positive. They see, as the industry matures and as their segments have consolidated, that the equipment segment needs some consolidation as well. So I would say on the whole, quite positive.
Michael Splinter: Sure, Jim. Thanks for the question. I think the primary look is they're adding capacity at the leading edge, and the leading edge is fully subscribed. And it's fully subscribed at every one of the leading foundries. So I don't think there's a lot of play here, and that's where they're going to continue to focus their capacity growth. I think when you look at it, the dynamics of what's happened in the last few months, that a lot of the growth is focused on smart phones, which really demand 40 nanometers and beyond, 32-nanometer capability, to be able to satisfy the processing speed. Those things are going to be up something on the order close to 70% this year, I think even stronger than last year. So I think that's a big focus right now, along with tablets as a new category driving capacity. The new tablets require a lot bigger die, and again, driving towards the more advanced nodes. I think if there is a surprise for the foundry guys, it's that the subscription on 65 is lower than they would've thought. And that's where the pushouts in capacity adds are.
Michael Splinter: Well, I think where we're at in 2012 is pretty much where we were at Analyst Day, $35 billion plus or minus a couple of billion. And the puts and takes, of course, haven't changed all that much, except I would say that some of these pushouts that may go into 2012 would actually strengthen our view at the current time.
Michael Splinter: Specifically on market share. Market share is moving to those companies that have the most capacity at the leading edge. Obviously, there's a couple of those that have invested in capacity at the leading edge, certainly in foundry and logic. So I think you can see some movement in share, in particular, in this quarter. And then longer-term, it'll depend how fast the other foundry competitors get their capacity on line at 32 in particular, even 45 nanometers.
Michael Splinter: Well, as we certainly haven't established a ship date, there's a lot of work to do on 450 millimeter, to look at automation and chamber design and how we're going to approach it. So we still think that the production dates are in the 2015 to 2017 timeframe. We'll have to start investing more in 2012. But I don't think we're ready to publish a time when we're going to ship alpha tools. But it will be when customers need them.
Michael Splinter: So from the memory standpoint, I still think by far the largest impact on memory investment, let's take DRAM first, is just the bit growth. We're kind of seeing bit growth in the 40% to 50% range, which really isn't enough to drive significant capacity. I do think that there can be difficulty in some of the smaller DRAM companies to get financing and have money available. But certainly, the big 3 DRAM companies have cash available and could invest in capacity if they need it. We do expect to see more investment in the second half in DRAM, but still very small on relative terms, comparing back to any of the recent peaks of wafer fab equipment spending. DRAM is less than 1/3 of where it was in those times. So I think this is more really about bit growth. In flash, I think it's more timing. I think in particular, the soft tablet growth in Q1 allowed some of the NAND guys to push out. But again, we expect them to come back in the second half and grow their investment. We also still expect NAND investment to be larger than DRAM this year. That view hasn't changed.
Michael Splinter: Well, historically, it hasn't been enough to push capacity up, because moving generation node-to-node allows them to get significantly more productivity or more chips per wafer. And it just -- they have to have demand to be able to invest. I do agree that the smaller number of customers investing can have more discipline, and you can get less accentuated cycles, but in the end, it's a matter of supply and demand.
Michael Splinter: We're monitoring what we think is effective capacity in our customer base. There a lot of things going on in the solar industry with share shifting and feed-in tariff reduction and then those who can really reach the cost necessary. You can see today that prices, cell prices, are coming down, spot prices are at $1, around $1. Poly prices are coming down quite dramatically to be able to fit into the envelope that these new feed-in tariffs are indicating. So at the same time, we're seeing the leading edge guys continue to invest in capacity because they want to be ahead on capacity, especially in a market where material costs are coming down, so that they don't have to have cells in inventory which are depreciating in value at a relatively fast pace. So in front of the feed-in tariff changes, we always see a pretty big surge in installations and deployment. And I don't think this year is going to be any different than that in the third quarter and then near the end of the year. So I think what we're seeing for capacity, kind of effective capacity going into 2012 is something around 40 gigawatts in the customer base. That's ahead of where we think installations will be, but that's true this year, too. And we are seeing pretty much record capacity expenditures in the solar field today.
Michael Splinter: No, what we said is we think we'll be up more than 25% in Q3 versus Q2. So I think the second half of the year is going to be much stronger. I think first and foremost, we're still seeing strong demand for touch panels and OLED. In fact, it's stronger than we had seen even last time. It's the large panel fabs, many of which are going to be built in China, that have been pushed out. So we may start to see orders for those in our fourth quarter, but maybe in the early part of '12. But in general, overall, we think spending will be up by a healthy amount in the second half.
Michael Splinter: Yes, they certainly could. And while we haven't seen that yet, that would be a scenario for a strong Q4. If either 65-nanometer capacity comes back, or they up their investment at the leading edge nodes where capacity is much more constrained.
Michael Splinter: Yes. Well, first of all, this is a new technique to make transistors. And I kind of alluded to it a bit in the prepared remarks. But we think that this technique, over a period of time, will be adopted, or a similar technique will be adopted to make high-performance transistors by all the logic makers. It just depends when they are able to put it into production. But it clearly lowers power and improves performance. So for us, I think one of the areas, of course, as we've moved to high-k/metal gate, PVD and CMP have been big beneficiaries. As we move into the next generations, we're going to see more epi steps, significantly more epi steps in the channel, as well as in the source/drain. And then plasma doping, because of the shape of these transistors, plasma doping, this is a structure that lends itself well to plasma doping. And we think that this will be one of those trends that really allows plasma doping to get into high-volume.
Michael Splinter: Well, I would just say that leading-edge is constrained today. I don't think we can really comment about our customers' specific performance, but I think the overall indicator when we check with our leading foundry customers, everyone is constrained on the leading-edge. And where there's -- so there's competition for capacity there. Are there sub rationales for why it's constrained? I wouldn't want to comment on that, but people are moving quickly to expand capacity there.
Michael Splinter: That's right, and Gus, I think we do have to see a return of growth in tablets in a significant way and those supply constraints come off, or we may have -- we may see other kinds of actions taken. But we're going to closely monitor this. I think we're still relatively optimistic about what's going to happen the rest of the year and the growth of the world economy, so -- and just popularity of the electronics devices we have in the market today.
Michael Splinter: Well, I think that right now in PC cycle, we were not particularly encouraged that after Q1, sequentially down 10%. We think that emerging markets really are the key to growth in PCs, especially, in particular China, where we think that PC growth can be dramatic. And we need to see notebook growth return in a significant way. Right now, our estimates on PC growth for the year are between 6% and 10%. Earlier, we thought it would be more, greater than 10%, but after first quarter, we kind of tempered our view. I can certainly speak about Applied Materials moving to Windows 7. We're making the transition, and I have made the transition, and think that now is the right time for many corporations to do that. There's really a change in the way you can do computing across the company that Windows 7 enables. So it seems like the right time. I don't have good data on how the penetration is going. I'm sure our customers in Intel would have a better view.
Michael Splinter: I think we need a strong PC market, overall. What we've said, and I think this is still true today, if PCs are growing 10% or 15% and smartphones continue their growth trend, we're going to see return of investment in the DRAM space. We think that would drive bit growth above 50% and necessitate pretty significant investment. While we haven't thought that DRAM investment would get back to its levels in 2006 and 2007, it's at such a discount today that we think it could double from today's levels and still be a prudent investment for the DRAM makers.
Michael Splinter: I'd say a couple of things about the 450 transition that we're trying to look for in working with our customers. The first one is, is there a win-win window for both the suppliers and the customers, a space where they can get their cost reduction and we can still have a reasonable market that's going to grow over a period of time? The next one is the customers that are going to convert need to decide to convert on one node. One of the things -- and really aim the development at one node in technology. In the 300-millimeter, there was an initial fab at 250 nanometers. The real conversion didn't happen until -- really start in earnest until 130 nanometers. And then maybe the final thing I'd say is they really have to aim at a specific timing that we're going to really try to be able to stick through 2 despite cycles. Other thing that had happened in 300-millimeter is the transition got delayed several times because of the industry cycles. So those 3 things are topics that we're having serious discussions with the key players that are interested in 450.
