Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's second quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q filing with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. On July 11th, Applied plans to host a Semicon West technology breakfast from 7:30 to 9.00 a.m., Pacific Time. We plan to announce a major new platform and lead a heterogeneous integration panel featuring executives from AMD, Intel and Qualcomm along with Besi and the EV Group. You can register by visiting the events page of our IR website. There won't be a webcast, so we hope you'll join us in San Francisco. And with that introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please requeue and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thank you, Mehdi. And operator, I think we have time for one more question or a follow-up, please.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks, Brice. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of today's call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by about 5 o’clock Pacific Time, we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. It is the largest country in the ICAPS space, but I think there are three other countries that are growing faster. And it's not because it's a lot small numbers. They're pretty significant. So if you think of North America, China, Europe, people will recognize a lot of the investments that are being made in the mature technologies in those spaces. So China is not the fastest grower, but they're the largest country. And when we look across the world and we look at all those investments, there are government stimulus programs that help encourage the customers to make those investments. But we believe there's real demand behind that. When we look at utilization in the ICAPS space, we see utilization to be in a healthy range. So this looks like an ongoing trend when we think forward. If we look back to 2022, we had 40 plus percent growth rate in ICAPS. It's only accelerated this year. And our view from all the accounts is that it won't grow at the same rate. It won't accelerate at the same rate, but that demand is stable. We expect over the coming years that that market will stay about the same size.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Gary. And Krish, on the China export controls, we see the same thing as our peers do. We'll be able to ship to some factories in the second half that were clarified recently.
Brice Hill: Yes. Hi, Toshiya, it's Brice. I'll just say a couple of things, and Gary can add on that. So on the memory side, we do think it's at sort of historical lows. We've thought about our long-term balance of memory and logic over time. We do think the market from an equipment perspective should be about one-third memory and two-thirds logic and that two-thirds would be split between relatively evenly between ICAPS and leading-edge. So on the memory, we do think it's at a low. However, in the quarter, we monitor pricing, we monitor utilization, we monitor inventories. Those are still moving in the wrong direction in this past quarter. So it hasn't quite turned yet, but we do think with the ICAPS business growing and with an outlook, long-term outlook strong for leading-edge, we do think memory will have to turn around. It's hard to call the exact moment, but we expect that to happen. And then Korea, I think it's just good shipments in the quarter. I don't think it portends anything unique from a trend perspective. We do still see weakness in the market.
Brice Hill: Okay, great. Thanks, Tim. The second part of the question first. So we definitely think it will be a continuing trend. So we raised our expectations of demand in China during the quarter, and we raised our expectations over time from China during the quarter. And as I – I may have said in the first question, when we track fab projects in China, there's quite a number. The overall list for the globe is approximately 100 now, and there's a significant amount in China. So when it's mostly in the ICAPS space. And when we think about the end markets, I guess the perspective I have is that they are localizing as much of the supply to these ICAPS end markets as they can. And so they are building local supply for if you think of sensors, power chips, analog chips, microcontrollers, we believe they're building out those capabilities internally, and I think there's been confirmation recently that some of the imports of those components to China have declined even though demand is growing. So our perspective is the capacity that's being put in place in China, it isn't extraordinary at this point. If you think of China trying to build a local ecosystem of capacity that matches their demand function, if you will, over time. They're not there yet. So these investments make sense if that's the goal, and we know they have government incentives to accomplish that.
Brice Hill: Yes, I can start, Joe. The capital intensity, since it's mostly ICAPS, what we see in ICAPS is the capital intensity is sort of like leading logic was five or eight years ago. So that whole discussion about there being a lack of reuse, especially in China, those are mostly greenfield sites. They are new equipment sets. So the capital intensity is fairly high. And we think that's consistent by the way with most of the ICAPS additions going on across the globe. And that's a major factor as to why overall intensity as we measure intense WFE intensity to semiconductors is going up over time as the fact that ICAPS is so much higher.
Brice Hill: I think that's a major thing, and we've said that we expect it to grow for the year. So it's growing year-over-year, and we expect it to grow for the year. And our outlook does include you see it slower growth in Q3. So our outlook does assume that there'll be lower utilization in some of the factories. So we've accounted for that Sydney, but we do expect it to grow year-over-year.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Without getting specific about trends quarter-over-quarter, it has been gradually increasing. So – if we look back to, I think, Q3 of last year, Q3, Q4, Q1, Q2, I think we have an increased trend across each of those quarters. And so we're not going to guide the second half, but I don't think there's I don't think there was a front-loaded phenomenon in ICAPS.
Brice Hill: Hi, Quinn, since it's a small number of customers, we're not going to be specific about the number, but we definitely see the same situation. We have factories that we will be able to ship to in the second half. And at least for Q3, that's in our guide.
Brice Hill: Yes, it is larger. The growth has been significant, both last year and this year, as we talked about, and we think it's stable. And then the only thing we've really guided is long-term, we think foundry-logic is a little bit weakened this year. So we think that gets in more of a balance in the long-term on the logic side of WFE. So long-term, we would say it's relatively equal. This year, ICAPS is the largest market.
Brice Hill: Hi, Blayne. For the low utilization, it is relatively low. I think it's – for leading-edge factories, I saw somebody quoting around 70%. I think that's probably a good range right now for leading-edge. And the pushouts are really site-specific and project-specific I don't think they sense or signal a change in direction of any of our customers in terms of their intent to build out new process technologies. And what's ahead for us that's most important is this transition to Gate-All-Around, and we think that will start in earnest as we get into 2024, and that's one of the big inflections that we think will drive value for Applied. So anyway, that's what I would say on the pushouts.
Brice Hill: Hi. Thanks, Vijay. That's the right number, global phenomenon, as you talked about. The way we think about it is it will add about 3% to 7% of WFE over the next five years. We don't think $400 billion will be incremental WFE. What we think it does is set the locations, our customers will be putting their assets in place. And because some of those locations will be new, you won't have quite the economies of scale as they might have in their larger facility areas, and that will drive a small amount of incremental equipment since there's a little bit less economies of scale. So we estimate that to be 3% to 7% over the next five years. And then in the very short-term, we do see companies that are starting to accrue for some of the tax benefits were included in that group. So I think the incentives are already starting to encourage investment.
Brice Hill: On the ICAPS side, we do expect it to hold up. And then memory. I think memory is more market-driven. So what we're seeing for both the memory and the leading-edge logic for next year. It's going to be more dependent on macro and some of those consumer markets. So TBD on that piece.
Brice Hill: Hi, Mehdi. On the earnings question, I think if I understand that, yes, $90 billion would support larger earnings as we go forward because our AGS business will continue to grow. We expect upsides in our display business as we go forward. So if you're looking to model those, I would look at modeling the continued growth in AGS and thinking about upsides in display on top of where we are today. And that should give you a perspective on if there's no growth in WFE where the model could get to over the next couple of years? And then, Gary, on subsidies.
Brice Hill: Thank you, Mike. My takeaway today is while there are areas of weakness in our markets this year, Applied is making good operating progress and outperforming the markets, thanks to our unique breadth and diversity. We're confident about the industry's long-term growth opportunity, and we're in a great position to make significant investments in our future and increase cash returns to shareholders. On Monday, we look forward to detailing the strategic investment we're making to collaborate closely and productively with our customers that Gary just described. Gary will see many of you at the Bernstein Conference in New York on June 1, and I hope to see you at the BofA conference in San Francisco, June 7. Mike, please go ahead and close the call.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Stacy, this is Gary. Especially, I would say in the U.S. and Europe, when I talk to those CEOs and those companies, they're in a very strong position. And those investments that they're making will be sustainable over the next several years, and they are, as Brice said, meaningful.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Krish, thanks for the question. On the leading-edge, there is an intense competition for leadership, so all of those companies are trying to drive their road maps as fast as they can on power performance and cost. So we certainly see that continuing to play out over the next few years. What I would say also is that the perspective that we have right now is that 3-nanometer is going to be a big node, where there's a lot of tape-outs and customer demand. So we think that's going to be pretty robust. For Applied, we're in a really good position as our customers move to 3-nanometer. The number of steps for us go up I think to more than 20% in that transition from 5 to 3-nanometer. Again, you have this really significant competition in that leading-edge that – again, we continue to see that that's going to be sustainable going forward. And then relative to government incentives, there's also a lot of competition there. So you see every region where we do business today a significant amount of incentives that are being supplied really for leading-edge and for ICAPS. But I think that – so that's definitely true. That will be an adder for our systems and service business over the next few years. But I think the bigger factor in the leading-edge is just there is pretty significant demand and you have significant competition for leadership. And I'll let Brice answer the next question.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Thanks for the question. So I would say Gate All Around, there's both higher process complexity of existing steps plus addition of new steps. And we've said that's again a $1 billion opportunity for Applied, and we're really in a great position because the steps that are growing, the increased complexity is in areas where we have very, very strong products and technology. And again, we're deeply engaged with every single one of those companies. So in any of those areas for deposition, selective removal, we have very good visibility relative to overall competitive positions and not just in the first generation of Gate All Around, but subsequent generations. And so again, I think we still see the same thing relative to the size of the market and the share gains really are relative to FinFET. So what customers were spending for the – we're spending as a percentage of total transistor from FinFET to Gate All Around. That's where the 5 points of share comes from. And then relative to the road maps going forward, what I would say is that we definitely see an increasing relative contribution in materials engineering. So if you look at certainly the transistor innovation, wiring resistance is one of the biggest issues in the whole industry. That's an area that's growing very fast. I talked about the MVP growth earlier. So again, that wiring is a really great opportunity for us. Backside power distribution will be coming. There you can get up to 30% area savings without changing the feature size and also improvements in power and performance. In the future, you'll see people stacking nanosheets for another transistor technology in future nodes. So again, more and more of those dollars are moving to materials engineering as we go forward.
Gary Dickerson: So Mark, just – thanks for the question, but I just want to understand, are you talking about within ICAPS or are you talking beyond ICAPS.
Gary Dickerson: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Mark. I would say two things. One, as customers are going forward, I mentioned this on the previous question. Materials engineering, I think if you look at the percentage of spending going forward, just really tremendous – everybody knows that 2D Moore's Law scaling is challenged. And so the innovations in – transistor innovations in wiring, innovations and memory technologies, all of those areas – and I mentioned the increase in the number of steps and the increase in complexity from one technology node to the next, we're in a really great position, again, relative to what's going to drive our customers' road maps in the future. And there's tremendous innovations that will bring there. Sculpta was one example of another way that you can achieve area scaling at a much, much lower cost with this directional etch technology and there's many material modification steps, double-digit numbers going from one technology node to the next that are growing, those are areas where we have extremely high share. And we're innovating to drive performance and power and cost for customers. So that would be one area I would say. The other one that I'm pretty excited about longer term is packaging and all the innovation is going to happen going from system-on-chip to system and package. I think that's going to be a tremendous inflection. That's about a $1 billion business for us today. I mentioned earlier that we could see that doubling in the next few years. I think that – and there's – we have a very strong position in the served markets that we have today. We have pretty high share. And there are other areas we're focused on. We mentioned hybrid bonding as one, but there are others that we're focused on that will create really big opportunities. So that would be the other area. I think that, that whole movement to chiplets and heterogeneous integration.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Brice, I don't really have too much to add. Again, we do see long-term foundry-logic. We've mentioned this before, two-thirds, one-third, certainly continuing strength in the race for leadership and the leading-edge and sustainable strength in ICAPS going forward. We don't think it comes back to that two-third, one-third soon. But longer term, that's kind of where we think that's going to end up.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Harlan. Thank you. I don't think so. We still saw in this quarter, we still saw weakness in NAND, and we saw weakness as defined as push-outs on the leading-edge, and that's partly why you see our guide for the next quarter, a little bit bumpy, taking into account some of those push outs. So I think customers are still reacting to the current environment and checking the road maps and trying to optimize those road maps. And for us, just to sort of reiterate, over the course of this year, the ICAPS business has been so strong that it overcame most of that noise. The growth of ICAPS overcame most of that noise. Plus we had several business units that we're still catching up on back orders. The first part, the ICAPS strength, we expect to continue as the year goes on, as we've said, and be a important component of demand going forward. And the business units that were behind have mostly caught up with the exception of implant, where we're still working to catch up.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Tim, this is Gary. One other thing I would say is – and we do, as you said, a lot of modeling of each one of those vertical markets within ICAPS. We look at fab utilization, wafer starts, all of those things. The one other thing, I would say is that we look at good chips out for each one of these different factories. And so when you look at yield as another factor that's – when we look at the overall market, it's roughly in line with what we see relative to our assumptions of the growth rates in those different segments. But again, I would look at also the good chips out.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. And I guess the other thing I would add is that we – certainly, we're growing this year. And we still we're still on track to this model that we had talked about a couple of years ago with low double-digit growth for AGS longer term.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Brian, the other thing I would add is that implant, as Brice mentioned earlier, is one of our most supply-constrained businesses. We have very significant demand. We've launched around 10 new products and ICAPS over the last few years. So that business is going to continue to ramp through the year as we close that supply/demand gap. So that is a significant portion of ICAPS, an area where we have real strength with the customers, the demand there for the inflections is very strong. So again, that's another factor driving our ICAPS strength.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Blaine, I would say that a couple of things. One, the 3-nanometer, we still – everything that we see – that's going to be an important technology node. And so certainly, next year, we think that's going to be a meaningful contribution to revenue for Applied. And then as Brice said, for Gate-All-Around, we'll see the initial ramping of that spending in a meaningful way also in 2024.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. I think that Brice talked about 3% to 7% Mehdi incremental spending over the next several years. Certainly, there's a tremendous amount of competition between different geographies. But customers, we think, will invest based on where they see the demand – so the timing of those investments, I don't think they're going to be significantly different than the way they thought about it in the past. The one thing I would say that should be a benefit is that as these companies move into new regions and they're starting up new factories, the initial efficiency of those factories is going to be lower. For sure, as they're moving into the new locations, and that's also incremental help for our service business because they don't have all the trained personnel and all of the infrastructure in place in those new locations. So anyway, that's the way we think about it.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Stacy, thanks for the question. So what I would say is that one of the most important factors for any company is the time to innovation, time to commercialization and innovation success rate. So we've been – and as you know, it takes many, many years from concept to high-volume manufacturing. And that's somewhat of a serial process. And so working with some of our largest customers, we think there's opportunities to drive some of those steps in parallel and significantly accelerate time to innovation. So that's what we're going to be talking about next week. It's really exciting. Again, I definitely do think there's opportunities there. And I do believe that materials inflections, new structures, some of the things I've talked about that's going to be a bigger and bigger percentage of gains. Some of our big customers talk about design technology co-optimization, becoming a much bigger part of their roadmap for energy-efficient computing. So I think, Stacy, we'll cover more of this next week, but we have been working with our largest customers on some of these concepts. And I definitely think there's ways to accelerate innovation. And as you know, if you think about how much money companies spend on each R&D dollars on each technology node, there's a tremendous opportunity for economic optimization, both on cost and then value creation. Anyway, we'll cover more of that next week. And then we will also cover this at the SEMICON event that Mike talked about earlier.
Gary Dickerson: I'd say it's more than that. The concepts, certainly, the scale of what we're talking about is pretty significantly bigger than what we're doing today. And the concept of how we're going to work through the entire ecosystem, I think, are pretty exciting.
