Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining Applied’s Fourth Quarter of Fiscal 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. Now to help us reach as many of you as we can. Please ask just one question and not more than one brief follow-up. Operator, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: All right, thank you very much. That concludes our conference call and thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks C.J. I’ll take the question. As you pointed out, our DRAM business is showing significant signs of strength this year. We’ve built momentum throughout the year and we expect to close the year very strong. As we think about the overall growth rate of the DRAM market in this year against the backdrop of an industry that’s probably growing 10% to 15% probably at the high end of that range for overall WFE. Our overall systems business is going to be up over 25% for the calendar year against that DRAM as a market is probably a couple of points higher than the overall industry. So based on the math you walked through, you can see that the company is significantly outperforming. On last quarter’s call, Gary talked about the momentum we’re seeing from a conductor etch standpoint. So the team is performing really, really well there. And then as you think about, things like high-k metal gate to get the IO speeds on and off the DRAM device we’ve been talking for a while about that inflection coming into the market, and we’re just really well positioned from a technology standpoint to drive our customers’ roadmaps and seeing strong adoption. So we feel really good about how we’re performing against the backdrop of a good market. But clearly, strong performance and we’re really encouraged by what we see going forward and we would expect this strength to continue in the next year as we continue to push our customers’ roadmap and drive strong adoption of the technology.
Dan Durn: Yes, sure C.J. Let me jump in on that and see if Gary wants to add anything at the end. From an overall market standpoint in calendar year 2020, we see meaningful spend by both the domestic customers as well as the multinational customers. And if I were to think about weighting of that spend, I would say it favors the domestic market over the multinationals. But both groups of customers are having meaningful spend. I think what you see is a broad-base of investments. You’re seeing investments across 200 millimeter geometries, 300 millimeter geometries, and within 300 millimeter geometries, you’re seeing investments in NAND, DRAM, foundry, logic. So all device types. We think that continues into 2021. We probably won’t see the growth rates that we did in 2020. It’s going to be a strong year, but you certainly won’t see those growth rates. From a growth standpoint, I would expect multinationals to show more growth than the domestic customers, but still strong spend in both categories. So we see, it’s a good market. We continue to see strength in China and expect to see that for the foreseeable future as they build their ecosystem in a slow disciplined manner.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, John. Here is what I can share with you. As you can imagine, we probably don’t want to be too detailed on what any one customer is doing, but the licensing requirement that we talked about, it was put in place about two-thirds of the way through our fiscal fourth quarter. So we saw about four or five weeks exposure to that new requirement. As we said in the prepared comments, Q4 revenue and Q1 guidance would have been higher if those restrictions had not been in place. So we’re complying with the new rules. We’ve already applied for licenses where we need them. Trade situation remains fluid. So we don’t want to speculate about the future. But certainly the revenue in Q4 and guide for Q1 would have been higher, absent that requirement. As you know, we’ve been in China for a very long time. We’ve got a broad-base of relationships and it’s across all device types and we would expect the China market to continue to be strong for us going forward. And again, we’re working with governments to get the licensing requirement satisfied.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks Toshiya. Hi. So from a gross margin standpoint, the company is performing really well. If you think about what Gary said in the prepared comments, in fiscal year 2020, we’re up 110 basis points year-over-year. Our fiscal Q4 we just reported we’re up 190 basis points year-over-year. And then like you pointed out, we see some different mix as we look into our fiscal Q1. It’s down a little bit sequentially, but still up year-over-year. We think that’s a little temporary and that mix is going to reverse itself as we look out into the fiscal Q2. So we think the company is executing well on a difficult environment. When we think about the long-term gross margin, I think the best way to describe it would be 45% plus or minus 2 points depending on where we are in the cycle. And if you look at the quarter we just printed 45.7% and then you factor in some of the headwinds we’re experiencing in the current environment due to COVID and the pandemic, we would be at the upper end of that range we referenced of 45% plus or minus 2 points. So I think that model that framework around gross margin holds and the company is performing well to that as the legacy impacts and the headwinds from the pandemic begin to wane, I think you would see the performance in the current environment reflecting that framework around long-term gross margin.
Dan Durn: Yes, that’s correct. Our view on that hasn’t changed. We’ve been pretty consistent on that over time. It’s going to be in that $9 billion to $10 billion range.
Dan Durn: Sure, thanks, Krish. So, as you know we’ve gotten five of the six regulatory authorities to approve the transaction. We’re constructively engaged with the remaining authority and we continue to be optimistic that we’re going to receive clearance by the end of the calendar year. So we’ll stay focused on that. From a buyback standpoint, once we close the transaction, integrate the asset, I think we’ll come back to the investment community and put forward a combined company model over the next several years to give investors a perspective of how the combined company will perform. As part of that communication, we’ll talk about what our capital allocation strategy going forward is, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s what we’ve been doing now for quite some time, which is very shareholder friendly in terms of giving all excess cash back to shareholders and big buyers of our stock, given what we see happening from an overall market standpoint, the structural growth we see and the execution of this company against that opportunity. We see our industry going structurally larger, higher highs, higher lows. And we think there’s a real opportunity to put capital of the work from a share repurchase standpoint. So we’ll probably continue what we’ve been doing now for many years, but we’ll have that conversation once we get the investment community together post close of the transaction.
Dan Durn: Hi, Tim, this is Dan, I’ll jump in on this one. So I do think 12% is a good number to start with. So I think there is a upward bias on that over time, given what we see from a technology roadmap standpoint. Yes, I think you can make that argument, but I think 12% is a good number to lock-in on. Just a couple of more perspectives on it. We talked about when 300 millimeter came in around the 2000 timeframe, we saw multiple concurrent investments in both wafer size technologies and we saw probably 17%. So that’s probably an all-time high. And what you saw is the 300 millimeter wafer size technology came into the industry and all of the efficiency gains that came with it as well as the consolidation of our customer base, we hit a low point in 2013 at about 9%, and it’s been on a steady upward trajectory since then. And so we think the trend is a pretty good one. The other thing I would point you to, and maybe this is a little bit of a different way of thinking about the industry. If you take that low point of capital intensity and you combine 2012 and 2013 as a combined two-year window, and then compare it to the next two-year combined window of 2013 and 2014, compare that for the next two year window of 2014 and 2015, and onwards when you do that exercise out 2021 and what you’ll see is each successive two-year windows within upwardly sloping line. And so we think our industry has gone from no growth cyclical to growth with a upward sloping trend line. And we will see higher highs and higher lows as that thesis plays out. And so we feel really good about where this industry is going and support of all the thematic trends that Gary has talked about for many quarters now.
Dan Durn: Yes, sure. Tim. I’ll jump in on that one again. And I think the best way to get at this and unpack it for the investment community is talk about what we see in 2020, and then use that as a jumping-off point to describe the contours around 2021. So starting with 2020, we continue to see the overall market up 10% to 15%. We’re probably at the high end of that range. We talked about Applied systems business against the market, that’s up 15%. Our systems business is going to be up 25% for the calendar year. By device type, we see foundry, logic greater than 55% in 2020, but it’s growing below the market average. DRAM in the memory side of the house, DRAM it’s growing a little faster than the overall market. I think the real story in 2020 is NAND. NAND is growing 2x the overall market in 2020. And so I think that’s maybe a little contrary to what the conventional thinking is around 2020. 2020 is a memory growth year especially for NAND. And against that backdrop of the memory growth year, Applied is outperforming very nicely. So we feel good about 2020. As we look into 2021, we expect another strong year for the industry and for Applied. And while we’re not sharing specific forecast around WFE, I think it’s premature to be point specific at this time. We see foundry, logic is going to continue to be strong and we see it is over 55% of total WFE again next year. But what you’ll see in the memory side of the house is going to be a reversal from a growth standpoint. NAND we expect to be flattish year-over-year and DRAM set up to significantly outgrow the market. So this is a great set up for Applied given the strong share gains we’ve been talking about now throughout 2020 in DRAM. It gives us confidence as we look into 2021 that the set up from an overall end market standpoint, strong foundry, logic, flattish NAND, strong DRAM is a good set up for Applied as we look into next year.
Dan Durn: Hi Harlan, I’ll jump in on that one. I think you pointed out, rightfully. This is a little bit of a weaker market for the trailing no geometries. A couple of quarters ago or even last quarter we talked about auto and industrial market showing some signs of weakness as a result of the pandemic. Since then we’ve seen those end markets continuing to perform stronger. But I think it’s going to follow the natural progression we would see in any one of our end markets off of low utilization levels, we see utilization rise. Once utilization gets to a certain level, then you’ll see customers begin to layer in capacity. And so I would expect to see legs up in those markets, trailing no geometries as we look into next year. Longer-term, we think the trailing no geometries as a result of Communications Infrastructure, Industrial Auto, Internet of Things, there is a whole host of drivers that are taking that industry structurally larger over time. And we would expect that trailing no geometry segment to outgrow the overall market over a multi-year window. So we feel good about it. In the near term, while customers are pulling really hard multiple customers, multiple nodes, on the leading edge, you’ve seen a rotation from a very balanced foundry, logic market between leading edge and trailing node to probably more weighted to leading-edge technologies in the current environment. Over time, we would expect that to moderate a bit and get back to a more balanced profile than what we’ve seen maybe in 2020 or 2021. But we do think that those markets are set up to do well and we’re encouraged by that, because anytime you broaden the growth drivers of an industry, it just makes it structurally stronger, less cyclical, less volatile and we think that that’s going to benefit this industry significantly. From a positioning standpoint, we’re well-positioned competitively across that entire node profile. And so we’re going to continue to deliver enabling technology to the market and we continue to see strong pull from customers top to bottom across the new profiles.
Dan Durn: Yes, hi, Quinn. I think you might be drawing the wrong conclusion. When we talk about the WFE end market and we talk about NAND that’s a calendar year comment. And so if you look at the first three quarters of calendar year 2020, you see our NAND business up significantly more than the flat, you referenced. And at the midpoint of our guide, we won’t talk about by device type, but I think you’ll see the performance of that business, roughly in line with the overall market. It just the peculiarities of quarters when they happen to hit, and the revenue expectations within those quarters. And so if you look at the quarterly profile for the trailing 12 months, you will see that the one quarter out there from a historical standpoint was quite large showing performance this year on a fiscal year basis flattish. The first three quarters of 2020, you see a very different number. And when we’re talking three months from now at next quarter’s results, I think you’ll see a business that’s more roughly in line with the overall market. So we’re very comfortable, confident with how we’re positioned within that end market and we’re going to continue to drive our business in technology and look to do better over time.
Dan Durn: So, hi, Joe, this has been playing out over a multi-year period. If we go back in time, one point 30% of our revenue was generated from long-term service agreements, then we grew it to 40%, than 50%, now, you see at it 60%. I think we’ve got the right strategy around this business. You see those long-term service agreements, extending out in 10-year, which provides even more stability and we’re going to look to drive that number north off of the 60% of revenues over time. We’re going to look to continue to drive that number north. So we’ll take it one quarter at a time, one year at a time and continue to execute against our strategy, but we see more headroom against that number and look to push this business forward in a much more stable growth oriented way.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, Mike. I’m really pleased that in a year we’re all going to remember for its extraordinary challenges. Applied delivered record revenue, earnings, operating cash flow, year-end backlog. And I would like to sincerely thank our employees and partners for everything they did to support our customers in that difficult environment. Looking into next year, just a few quick thoughts to leave you with. I think the growth opportunities for the semiconductor industry are bigger than ever. The industry roadmap is clearly moving towards our new playbook and our balanced market exposure lets us perform well regardless of the spending mix. Our installed base business is growing and making us more resilient across the cycles and I’m encouraged by the early green shoots we’re seeing in Display. Gary and I look forward to seeing many of you at the Credit Suisse Conference next month and until then I hope you all enjoy a happy and safe Thanksgiving. Take care.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, maybe C.J., just add a little bit more color. This is Gary. For high speed, the periphery is moving to more like as Dan said more logic-like processes, where that’s in the sweet spot of where we have leadership with a number of different products. So that’s part of a unique inflection, that’s really fueling our growth in DRAM. And I talked, I think in the last earnings call about the growth that we’ve seen in our DRAM conductor etch, gaining about 30 points of share since 2016. And so with the key technology inflections for the high-speed memory and also the strength of the Sym3 and etch, really that’s fueling our growth, and we feel really good that we’re going to continue to enable the future inflections and continue to grow – outgrow the market in DRAM.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question, John. So first-off, I would say that really the major focus for all our customers is to drive their roadmaps, deliver the lowest power, highest performance chips at the best cost. And I deeply believe that the future roadmap is going to look very different than the past. I’ve talked before about classic Moore’s Law and 2D scaling, not being enough to enable the future AI infrastructure at the edge and in the cloud. So I do believe, kind of aligned with your question, that this is highly strategic for many countries and many regions, and I do — we do see that certainly, we see some near-term trends with big customers moving to new regions in alignment with that trend, and I think that that’s going to continue. So it definitely creates an opportunity for Applied going forward, certainly as these customers are moving to new regions, the support in terms of accelerating their R&D, the ramp, transfer of technologies into these new regions, all of that creates a great service opportunity for us. And then even more important, as I said, I do believe the future is going to look different than the past. We’re at an inflection point in the industry relative to how you drive the technology forward. One of our biggest customers two months ago, talked about their roadmap beyond 2020 to double energy efficient computing every two years. And if you go look at the slide two months ago, it exactly aligns what I’ve been talking about with the five elements of the playbook around new architectures, new materials, new structures, new ways to shrink and new ways to connect chips together with advanced packaging. So exactly what we’ve been talking about and Applied is in a really great position with innovative products and integrated solutions to enable that new PPACt playbook. So I think we’ve never been in a better position. And again, I do believe that the industry is at an inflection point and the countries and the companies that are best aligned to this new playbook and get there first are going to win. It’s very, very important for the whole AI infrastructure going forward.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks Toshiya for the question. So absolutely the Inspection business is a real bright spot for the company. And as you mentioned we grew the systems revenue by 46%. We have a new optical inspection system and new e-beam products that are seeing strong initial adoption with leading customers. And in both areas, we have a lot of room to grow and we’ll make an official launch fairly soon on some of these new capabilities. And the other thing I would say, certainly the – in this business, we have some really, really great leading technology. And the other aspect, that’s important for Applied is the connection in driving the PPACt roadmap. The analysis of all of these new innovations, when you think about wiring to lower resistance to improve the power or gate all around for high performance transistors, having these unique imaging capabilities and we have launched a product that has dramatically higher resolution than any product – e-beam product that’s on the market today. Being able to see those data all around structures and understand how to drive the different films in shaping the structures and modifying the structures, all of that tied together is also tremendously synergistic with the rest of our business in driving the PPACt roadmap. So we’re really in the early adoption of some of these new capabilities. I’m very confident that 2021 and beyond, we’re going to have really good results from our PDC business, but also I’m really excited about the connectivity to the rest of Applied’s business in accelerating the PPACt roadmap for customers.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question. So I would say, if I look at what am I most excited about, it’s what I talked about earlier. That I really believe that the industry has had an important inflection point, and you can see this also many leading customers and companies in ecosystem aligning around our view that classic Moore’s Law and 2D scaling is not going to be able to enable the future AI infrastructure at the edge and in the cloud. And you see this playing out in terms of the marketplace from a competitive standpoint, the companies that deliver lower power higher performance at the best cost faster than others, that’s the fundamental driver of all of our customers and the ecosystem. So Applied is in a great position to outperform, because we have many unique technologies and combination of products that are used to create, shape, modify, analyze and connect structures and devices. So I think I talked on the last call about our performance in some of our deposition businesses. Last year, we gained 8 points of combined share and epi, PVD, CVD amounting to about $5.2 billion. This year, we grew our metals deposition business 42% to $2.2 billion. So these leadership businesses are very key to enabling next generation transistor and wiring, materials and structures and combined with other unique capabilities. I’m really optimistic about our opportunities as we go forward to drive the PPAC roadmap. And as you mentioned etch, we’re also performing very well in etch, significant growth in this last year. We’ve expanded beyond our strength in memory to foundry and logic, where we’re winning stats, we’re winning EUV stats as customers are moving to future technology nodes, and really, really, really great performance there. That’s really based on our new Sym3 platform, probably the best platform in the history of Applied Materials. And there are real fundamental advantages. One is conductance. Conductance is where you remove the etch materials from the chamber. So you’re not re-depositing on these structures and causing yield and performance issues, also particles that are deposited on the chamber. So that’s just a fundamental advantage of that particular technology. Also I’m on the phone, often with R&D leaders last night with one of the – our top logic customers, and we are seeing yield benefits with the Sym3 or they are seeing yield benefits with the Sym3, with new coatings that we’ve enabled on that platform that again is giving us better particle performance. So etch again very, very good momentum and I talked already about Inspection and we are in the early phases of adoption of some new products. I’m also very optimistic about that business as we go forward. But the really key thing that I’m most excited about as I do believe the industry is at inflection point, the future is not classic Moore’s Law or 2D scaling, and you look at what I talked about relative to creating and modifying and analyzing, connecting all of the structures and devices, we’re really in a unique position. So again, we are doing really well in different environments from a mix perspective, and I believe that we’re at the foundation of enabling the technologies for this future AI infrastructure.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question. Local competition has been a factor for us for many, many years in many different regions. And I just keep coming back to the leading companies want to work with the most innovative technologies and products and there’s just no way to go forward with the technology roadmaps, if you don’t have the combinations of those different technologies. And as I’ve said before, I just deeply believe that the future doesn’t look like the past. I don’t believe that the following the classic 2D Moore’s Law playbook is the path forward for the industry or to enable to this AI infrastructure. So I – there’s going to be tremendous innovation. I mentioned earlier, one of the – one of our leading customers two months ago, if you look at their Architecture Day, and they talked about the road forward beyond 2020 for energy efficient computing to double every two years. And it was exactly aligned with the things that I’ve been talking about over the last two years with the new architectures, new structures, new materials, EUV enhancements and new ways to connect the chips together with 3D advanced packaging. So I just believe there’s going to be tremendous innovation. All of this is going to be a moving target relative to the products. And the other thing is you have the opportunity to connect these products and technologies together in unique ways to manage the interfaces and the interfaces on these structures are becoming much more critical than they’ve ever been in the past. So we know we’ve talked about some innovations in the transistor, where we can enable enormous improvements in leakage current or drive current and it really comes from being able to combine these technologies together, not oxidized or damage those interfaces. Those are completely unique capabilities that you really having this portfolio is a tremendous advantage at a very unique advantage for Applied. So I think that the world will operate the best certainly with fair and free trade and that these inflections that we’re seeing today around AI, biggest inflections of our lifetimes will transform every industry and Applied is right at the foundation of those inflections.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question. So as I mentioned before, the packaging part of the ecosystem is one of the key drivers. There are the five drivers that I talked about before and then you see this being also discussed by many leading companies, our customers, other companies in the ecosystem fabless companies relative to the importance of packaging. I definitely think if you look at the power performance and costs going forward, packaging is really, really, really important, and we have a very strong position. We are number one in advanced wafer-level packaging. And we’re working with a number of different ecosystem partners. We talked about a partner with another company to deliver the first – industry’s first fully integrated solution for hybrid bonding, where you can connect two chips together in die form and that enables shorter interconnect distance 4x increase in IO density. So there is a lot of innovation that’s going to happen in that market. And we have very, very strong positions. If you look at just that one particular innovation, you need to optimize etch CMP deposition wafer surface cleaning, we have metrology inspection defect particle control that we can add to enable that inflection. And then we also had the Center of Excellence at Applied’s advanced packaging technology center in Singapore and we have some very large leading customers working with us on some of these new innovative architecture. So I’m really excited. Certainly it’s a meaningful part of our business today, but I think we’re really at the early phase of the adoption of many of these new technologies. And we are number one in advanced packaging, expanding with partnerships through the ecosystem. So I’m excited about it. I don’t want to give a specific number right now, but I think it’s going to become much more important than most people realize in the ecosystem.
