Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Carrie, and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Today, we'll discuss the results for our first quarter, which ended on January 30. Our earnings release was issued at 1:05 Pacific Time, and you can find a copy on our website, appliedmaterials.com. Also on the website is our quarterly financial highlights presentation, which provides additional details. Mike Splinter will lead off today's call with comments on the business environments, along with our results and strategies. And then next, George will discuss our financial performance in Q1 and our expectations for Q2 and the rest of the year. We'll then open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I have a quick calendar announcement. Applied will hold its 2011 Investor and Analyst Meeting in New York City on the morning of March 23, local time. We hope to see many of you there, and we'll have a live webcast and replay for anyone who won't be able to join us in person. We'll be sure to provide you with further details about the event over the next few weeks.  And with that, I would like to hand the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, George. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Carrie, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. We hope to see many of you at our Analyst Meeting next month, and we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Michael Splinter: Sure. Well, there's a number of things. If we just start with demand, if we look at Q4, we saw over 6 gigawatts of capacity, of module capacity being installed in the field in Q4. When you look at that on a run rate basis, that requires about 25 gigawatts of yearly capacity. We think, operationally, today, there is about 28 gigawatts that are really in effective production. So that means all the factories are full. That's why our major customers are seeing factories full, and that's why they're aggressively adding capacity. Still and now when you think about end demand for 2011, we think it's going to be very strong. As I said, we think Germany and Italy will lead the way, but there are just many other countries getting into the mix, not only in Europe but now throughout the rest of the world. Still, our visibility into the second half, while it's improving and I would say strengthening, it's still hard to see in this market the second half of the year. We have to see continued demand growth to justify the capacity. But today, there is not enough silicon, not enough wafering capacity to meet the demand that we expect to occur this year.
Michael Splinter: Well, we do expect Silicon and Services and Display to have a better second half. I think the unknown is exactly what's going to happen in Q3 and Q4 in Solar. And as I said, our view is strengthening, but we still have to get some conviction. And we'll talk about it a little bit more in the Analyst Meeting at the end of March and give you an update of that time, but you essentially have it right.
Michael Splinter: No more to it than that. We've been surprised how far down the DRAM orders and revenue have dropped and how fast they've dropped. We knew that DRAM wasn't going to spend as much, but it's running at a pretty low level right now. I don't want to make too big of a deal about that, but we're pretty confident about our share gain. With foundry spending, we're going to gain in PVD and CMP. And people at 28 nanometers now have to buy a new radical inspection equipment, and we've positioned our tools there very, very nicely. So I think those areas are going to provide the biggest pop on share gain in SSG.
Michael Splinter: So in Display, we kind of have this segmented in the more traditional TV market, where I commented investments will be down. Now there's almost like there's the new segment here with touch panels, with OLED and the high-performance LCD displays for tablets and smartphones. And what we're seeing this year is about a $500 million overall investment for that. We'll get -- our products will get more than half of that, actually probably more than 60% of that spending. We think that spending is going to continue and increase into next year as both volume goes up and more companies adopt these high-performance displays. We think there's really no choice there but to add on to it. As far as -- I think customers, especially the customers who need to invest in this space, are quite capable of supplying the dollars. I don't think that -- we want to supply to all of them, and I think it would not be a good idea at this point for us to JV with just one of them.
Michael Splinter: Well, I think, Tim, if we look at our number for 2009, it was pretty close to 18-plus percent, and our number for '10 is 27%. So we can get off-line and get the details, so we can make sure we have the right numbers. And so just add another percent this year, but we think that this trend of one to two points a year can continue for a few years.
Michael Splinter: I think it can be -- the biggest thing is, we said, was DRAM, because it's at such a low level. And whether it comes back in the second half of the year or the beginning of 2012, it makes me have more confidence in the length of this cycle. When you look at what memory is as a percent of WFE right now, it's around 30%. Back in '07, at the previous peak, it was 70%. So there's a lot of, now, and spending was roughly at the same levels, overall. So I think there's a lot of room to move in the memory area, but of course, we got to see a strong PC growth to warrant that. But I'm encouraged, because I expected prices to kind of -- DRAM prices to hit bottom around June, to hit bottom in January, starting to strengthen already. So I think that's a good omen for late-in-the-year investments in DRAM.
Michael Splinter: Yes, that's on top of the 30% decline. Now we're trying to separate the TV market from the new applications market. It's web coaters primarily.
Michael Splinter: And our teams have been very good at quickly adjusting capacity. If you think back to the first part of 2010, we were delivering 1/3 of these volumes. So the team has responded very, very quickly, so our supply chain here is pretty flexible.
Michael Splinter: It will be a small driver of share gains in 2011. We really expect production volumes in 2012. We have estimated 2012, it'd be about a $500 million market, much smaller than that in 2011, but we have very high share of the total.
Michael Splinter: I'm not going to ask you to define blockbuster, but I do think NAND spending has to continue to increase. And part of this assumption, of course, is that NAND density and tablets is going to continue to go up double, essentially, year-on-year and then tablets will double again in 2012. So I think NAND spending has to continue to go up from here. DRAM has to come back. Whether that results in a blockbuster or not, I have no idea. But it's going to be positive -- the second half of the year and into 2012, I believe, will be very positive for memory.
Michael Splinter: We're still thinking 10% or greater PC growth this year, driven a lot by emerging markets and corporate. And so I think that's still a pretty positive view about PCs, and I think it will drive more DRAM investment. Where could it get where it starts to have problems with our model? I can't really quite say, because I think the big part of the swing here is what would happen at Intel if the numbers went down dramatically. So I think they're pretty committed to their capacity expansion, and they have a pretty clear view of their market.
Michael Splinter: Foundry is good. We put foundry and Logic together. It's good for Applied Materials. The modest headwind I talked about was just the drop-off in DRAM and rise in NAND. There's a lot of shifting around. As I said, I don't want to make too big of a deal out of that. But when we talk about market share, we're talking about market share in overall WFE for a 300-millimeter WFE not just in our SAM. In our specific product groups, we will obviously gain more, because we address only about half the overall TAM in the market.
Michael Splinter: Well, it's really about addressable memory in a PC, and so that's kind of gone over the last five years from 2 gigabytes per PC to -- we actually saw a drop-off last year as prices went up, and now it seems to be trending up to almost 4 gigabytes per PC. We expect 3.9 gigabytes per PC in '11, up from about 3 gigabytes in 2010. So how that DRAM is attached hasn't really changed in PC architecture in recent times.
Michael Splinter: Well, we keep updating this chart. Now we're tracking 18 fabs. And over the next eight to 12 quarters, I think we're estimating that there's $80 billion of potential spend there. So some has come off. Some have come on. The net-net has increased quite dramatically. I don't have the exact puts and takes in front of me, but I think that's close to the net-net.
Michael Splinter: Sure. So if we take a step back, last year, we believe our edge share was up about four points. A lot of that was in memory, where silicon edge in particular is increasingly favorable for us with varied word lines and debt lines. That's really a quite positive aspect for us. We've been gaining share in both NAND and foundry. Recently, we talked about our new platform, but are really trying to focus in on patterning and edging hardmask and helping with the double patterning definition. These things, this year, since I think is -- you know that we have some headwind this year with the foundry spending higher, DRAM spending lower, and we don't have that share at Intel. We believe that the gains that we're going to make will allow us to hold flat share in '11. So as memory spending comes back, we think it will be very positive for us. And inside of that, our intrinsic application share is growing.
Michael Splinter: I do. I think that what's happening right now as I look at trying to develop the 28- and the 22-nanometer technologies, the capital per wafer start is going up quite dramatically. I think it will be very close to the Logic capital per wafer start at those nodes. In the past, foundries have had a pretty very significant advantage on capital per wafer start. We see that going away as the high-k/metal gate approaches, and the processes just get a lot more complex. So we're certainly seeing that this year and capital spending per dollar of revenue, and we think that's going to continue in the advanced nodes.
George Davis: No, it really doesn't change our plans. The move of activities out of our Singapore operations hub is a long-term commitment to, number one, first and foremost, meeting our customers' needs with the shortest possible cycle times. We have a largely Asia-based customer base now, and so there's a lot of reason to continue that. The spending is really more a function of opportunities. We wanted to build on our market share momentum in the semiconductor area. But also just the sheer volume of activity that we're seeing picking up with our customers, they're looking for us to help them. A lot of this activity is at the very leading edge. And so it's something that we need to do, and we think we'll have a very good return.
George Davis: And Krish, think about it. We're running at almost a $2 billion a year run rate for Solar right now, which is almost 2x what we had forecasted at the beginning of the year. So we think the year is going to be better, but it's too early to say if it's going to be that good.
George Davis: Krish, in the deeply cyclical business, there, it's very hard to get a single run rate. But the fact of the matter is we feel very good about where our cost structure is today and that the types of things that we're flexing are the things that you want to flex in response to opportunities, but we still have a very strong variable cost structure. And so we know that if we need to, we have the ability to flex the other way as well. In terms of kind of our what inning we're in, we have a continuous improvement mentality. So we don't believe in innings. We kind of -- you got to keep looking for opportunities to be more efficient and effective. And so I would say though, just to use your analogy, we're in the early innings still in our Singapore operations hub. So there's -- I think over the next five years, we'll see the full benefit of that, but our mentality about continuous improvement is intact.
George Davis: Stephen, as we said, we think the effect of the settlement doesn't fundamentally pull us out of our business model for the Semiconductor business. Worst case, maybe one point. And quite frankly, I think what you're seeing is we came off of a very, very strong Q4. If you look over the last several quarters, this Q1 '11 would actually be the second strongest quarter they've had in multiple quarters in terms of operating margin. So I think we had a little bit of a mix issue compared to Q4, a little bit of impact of the settlement, but the business model's intact.
George Davis: Tim, it's George. Why don't I take a shot at that. Our view is we're clearly seeing very strong bookings for the Solar business right now. We expect orders to pick up for our Semiconductor customers throughout the year. In Display, we're still at the cyclical bottom, so we ought to see some improvement there as well. And I would expect AGS to be a little bit more ratable going forward. So I think those elements would drive you to have on order outlook that's in line with a stronger second half. And that's on top of, as you know, an environment where DRAM orders are just dropping significantly.
George Davis: I think if you take a look at our published models for operating margin, that's consistent with that. And you would also expect to see that with a strong SSG second half.
George Davis: Edwin, the lead time is still about four to six months for our equipment, and the factories are pretty much all full out.
George Davis: That's part of it, and we have backlog today of about $1 billion in EES already. So you've got healthy backlog. And the things that we'll be shipping in Q2, we've been working on for a period of time already, and much of it's already secured by LC. So this is a -- it's a pretty straightforward market in terms of linking all those elements.
George Davis: I think we feel good about where the capacity is today. I mean, if we can meet this quarter, I think that will be a good stress test. And so we're confident we can support the quarter, and we'll just see how the second half of the year plays out.
George Davis: The OLED and touch panel equipment is, quite frankly, older-generation equipment for us. So it has and has been really outside of the commercial arena for a few years now. So it hasn't gone through the supply chain actions that we've taken on our core and active products that have improved the margins over time and really meet the Display model. As this market develops, we will do that, and the margins on this equipment will look a lot like the Display margins overall. So we'll talk at the March meeting. We'll go into the business models going forward, but it won't be a material change in the business model for Display.
George Davis: Yes, I think you've seen the range. What we're seeing, for instance, in this quarter, while it was a flat, there was a lot going on. And if you look at the kinds of things that we're -- the potential mix effects as we get a recovery in Display, that helps lift our overall gross margins. But as we get a higher mix of Solar, it has lower gross margins than kind of our average margin as a company, even though, as you've seen, the operating performance was just outstanding this quarter. So a very strong Solar is a good story, but it will bring down our average gross margin a little bit. We don't see any fundamental change to the gross margin structure of our Semiconductor business. And AGS, which has struggled in the first couple of quarters of this year will improve in the second half. So I expect, overall, the second half will be a stronger gross margin period for the company. But any time you have a large load of Solar, that will dilute it a little bit. But again, the profitability there is far more attractive so...
