Michael Sullivan: Thank you. In a moment, we’ll discuss the results for our third quarter which ended on July 31. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements including Applied’s current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s estimates, projections and assumptions as of August 18, 2016, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today’s earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor’s page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Next, I’d like to remind everyone that Applied Materials plans to hold its 2016 Analyst Meeting in New York City on Wednesday, September 21. Those of you joining us in New York will have the option to attend technology sessions with our general managers. The main event will be webcast live. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please limit yourself to one question and feel free to reach you later if you have any additional questions. Let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Well, thank you, Atif for your question, and we’d like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. We do hope to see you at the Analyst Day in New York on September 21. And in the meantime, thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Bob Halliday: Sure. Tim, let me see if I can help. In terms of the loading of the year, historically what you see is that the foundry is particularly good and kind of calendar Q – end of Q1, Q2 in terms of shipments, I’m doing shipments and bookings is close for them. And then this year, though, it was later in the year as you remember, so we’ve been strong in foundry as they’re wrapping things like 10 and early 7. And then memory was stronger in the beginning of this year. So if you look at Applied, specifically, we benefited earlier in the year, because we’ve gained share in memory. We’ve gained share in DRAM. We’ve gained share in NAND, and that kept us strong. For instance, historically, the last couple of years, we were about 38%, 40% for full-year numbers for foundry, but we were only about 37% in Q2. We’re up over 50% now in foundry in Q4 and Q1, okay. So what you’re seeing is, we’re betting from secular improvement in Applied, but also some seasonal strengthening in foundry. So both things are working for us. So we will gain share this year pretty significant, we don’t want to say the specific number. In terms of WFE, the $40 billion run rate, I don’t think WFE is that high, I think we’re having some strength now. Last quarter, we said it was sort of $31.6 million plus, and this quarters it’s probably up close to $32.6 million my guess. But what you’re seeing is secular gains for Applied across, particularly memory, strong positions in foundry, and also the China thing is helping us, a lot of things are working for us, that secular stuff is working for us, and also the seasonality in foundry is helping in the next couple of quarters.
Bob Halliday: Sure. We – I think at the end of last call, when we had orders in Q2 of 3.451 billion that I said our orders would sustain and that we would continue to have strong orders. In fact, we beat this order with $3.658 billion, $36 billion, $37 billion. I think Q4 and Q1 are both pretty strong. I’m not sure that quite as strong as we were the last two quarters. But they’re bigger than probably any quarter we had last year, yes, it’s going to be pretty big still. So, it’s probably to have a 3 handle on it, frankly.
Bob Halliday: So, this is Bob, I can kick it off and then Gary could jump in, too. In terms of this year, what you see is trends that are helping us a lot frankly. You see strong spending in NAND, whereas last year NAND was about, and I’ll go into 2017 for you too. In 2015 rather, NAND was about 6.8, this year it’s up 40% to 45%, about 9.7. And that is 90% for V-NAND. What we see next year is, NAND is going to be up a little more actually, and is going to be like 98% V-NAND, and our position is very strong. In fact, some of the share gains we’re seeing this year, you didn’t quite see them last year, because last year was about 50% 2D, and our gains are really strong on the transition to 3D. So that will continue for us next year. So NAND up some next year, almost all being in our position very strong. In terms of foundry, we think foundry could be p flat-to-up 5% next year. We think it’s going to be very good for us in the leading edge, and we also think it’s going to be good for us in the trailing edge in China and things like that. DRAM, we think it could be up a little bit. This year it was down 25% to 30%, I think maybe 25% we said on the call. Next year, it maybe up a little bit, but it’s the smallest of our numbers pretty much now except for logics or less, so it’s about 5.9 this year, up a little bit next year. And then logic is probably up a little bit next year also. So overall, we see an opportunity to go up some next year. But it’s a particular place for us around NAND and foundry. And the second thing you asked about was display. Display CapEx you guys don’t follow it closely. 2015 display CapEx and there’s not as good as estimates, but we think it’s little over $8 billion maybe. This year, it could be around $14.5 billion. We think next year continues at similar numbers, maybe a little bit more.
Bob Halliday: Yes. So the – I think that stuff is lumpy. We still see very strong demand for customers, particularly around V-NAND stuff. So we had a huge number in Q2 for V-NAND, because people frankly want to get in our production queue. In Q3, we have reasonable NAND orders, but not as big as they were in Q2. So I’d say, the demand is still strong. We’re getting a lot of pull in NAND still, and I wouldn’t read too much into the orders lumpiness.
Bob Halliday: Sure. I think, we’re actually making progress. I thought earlier in the year, we would stay sort of flat to last year were up a little bit. Last year was 42.9, we were about 43.2. And this was a particularly strong year for display and also etch very well to. Now, let me just say display and etch are adding a lot to the operating profits of the company. Their model is a little bit different. For instance, display has a little lower gross margin, very comparable as they mature operating margin profile. And then etch has significantly grown their operating profit for the company over the last several years. And their operating margins have gone up a fair amount. In terms of the specific question of 44.6, we said we’d do 44.6 in 2018. If you took, I think, I said last quarter, if you took the mix we had and if you took the gross margins we had by individual product and compared it to 2014 mix, we’re like 44.7. This quarter we did the same analysis, we’re like 44.9. So we’re beating it if the mix didn’t change, what we’re facing is mix. We can offset a bunch of the mix. I don’t know if we can offset all of it. So I think we’ll make progress to the 44.6 next three years, there was a 44.6 was a 2018 number? Where we get there? I’m not quite sure, because of X, but I feel very good about the top line, the gross profit dollars, the operating profit and the EPS of the company, the main issue is just the mix on the gross margin, because things like cost reduction are doing well, our negotiations are doing well. It’s just the mix is the issue. And the operating margin don’t – doesn’t get impact as much as the gross margin with those businesses.
Bob Halliday: They might depends on the mix. Remember in Q3 and Q4, we’ve been growing a lot very strong in terms of revenues for both display and our etch business and memory, for instance. So if in Q1, we probably are going to be strong pretty much across the Board. So foundry, I think, has a potential to be strong. But I also think we’ll be strong in display and probably in revenues in memory, because some of the revenues we ship into NAND in Japan are delayed about a after the shipment. So my guess is a little bit of upside opportunity in Q1, but I don’t want to be too specific now.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I’ll start and Gary can jump in. Actually, the core display orders for LCDs and related TVs have held up probably a little better than we thought and it looks like there might be an opportunity there. Now, what’s the big inflection is the OLED stuff. But I do agree with you that the LCD and the TV stuffs held up a little better than we expected.
Bob Halliday: Yes. We have – the numbers we have now, remember we have in logic, we have a major U.S. company and also some Japanese companies and things like that. So our numbers show, it’s down 5% to 10% this year, and up 5% flat to 5% next year. Let me pull up the detail.
Bob Halliday: Yes, on the semi stuff, two things have really compounded for us. So and in fairness to us, we kind of predicted, that’s what we’re positioned. But one, the market changes have really come out frankly as we expected in terms of the transition from 2D to 3D, and also the products they need and the transition on foundry has been going that way. And also China has helped somewhat, and we’ve always been strong in China we kept our strength there. So those market inflections in semi and also we’ll talk about display market inflections. We kind of had a pretty good feel for those coming, but we didn’t have exactly the right products there. So we strengthened our product positions in places like etch, CVD, ALD inspection, we’re going to be talking about more, because we think you need more and more of that particularly e-beam, as you get through foundry and logic and places like that. So it’s a compounding of the market turned out pretty close to what we expected, and we have the right products there. And the reason you’re seeing acceleration this year, frankly, is the market inflections are happening this year. For instance, this year you’re seeing a big spend increase in NAND and it’s 90% V-NAND, that’s where the share opportunities are. And we’re seeing a fair amount of spending in 10 and 7, were strong, interestingly OLED spending in display. And we’ve introduced new products in each one of those markets to capitalize on it. So, we’re probably ahead of plan, frankly.
Bob Halliday: I’ll start and Gary can jump in again. So there are several inflections we’ve noted. One is NAND, one is OLED, one is China, and the other one which is going on right now is foundry leading edge, in particular, so let me speak to those. NAND is – there’s about $1.4 million wafer starts in the world, by the end of this year, it’s going to be about 400,000 transition to V-NAND. We think the vast majority of those get transition for many reasons. We think the spending on NAND probably is up next year and our position is strong. And we think that that transition remains strong for a number of years and plays very well for us. We think in OLED, they’re in pretty early innings on the transition to OLED on the phones. In fact, the orders we’re showing that we’ve been booking and we have some more to come, those things will ship through 2017 and to early 2018. So we’re going to see reverence for that for a while and that’s just what we’ve been booking, okay. And we believe there’s more down the road, okay. So this OLED transition is going to go on for a while and we have enriched the opportunity for us by developing new products there just as we have in semi. In terms of China as an inflection, I mean, just listening to the Chinese government, they’re in this for a long-term and their interest in investing in the semiconductor is probably only going to increase, okay, and our position is strong. And then finally, the foundry one you asked about, Edwin, which is particularly focused on. Right now, the leading edge is strong and it’s strong into early next year, and that one does have some seasonality. But if you look at the longer-term trends there and just listen to the voice of our biggest customer, about 50% of their growth is going to be come from more features in phones, and about 50% is everything else that you see in Silicon Valley, whether it’s a autonomous cars, virtual reality, machine learning, AI, all these things are driving about 50%. And it isn’t just one big thing, it’s a whole slew of things. And I think we’re going to do at Investor Day a very interesting discussion about virtual reality and not just what it drives in display, but what it drives in memory and what it drives in advanced processors. So in foundry on the leading edge, it isn’t just phones. 50% of leading edge customers is content in phones going up, but 50% is all those other stuff which you can see, okay. Now, in terms of the other things going on in foundry is the trailing edge is very strong and that’s kind of a China phenomenon, but there’s also the content in phone when you’re talking about all the cameras and sensors and things like that. So I think, foundry is in pretty good shape next year. And I think it’s got probably more sustainability overall than people said a few years ago. In terms of other companies at the leading edge, I think others will need – want to compete, because it’s a big market they want to be at the leading edge. And the timing and magnitude of the spending on that we haven’t disclosed.
Bob Halliday: Yes, let me add on this one. We’re in a very strong position with both multinational and domestic companies. Relative to share, China is one of the strongest regions for Applied Materials. Relative to the investment, you hear the word strategic when you think about China, there’s a focus on growing the percentage of domestic content and building a secure supply chain. And as Bob said, there has been announcements around huge investments over the next decade in China. So again, we’re in a very strong position. We think this is a multi-year wave. Certainly, we see strong growth in 2016, but we think it’s a great growth opportunity also going forward.
Bob Halliday: That’s a really good question. Let me just spend a couple of minutes, if you don’t mind. If you go look at it, our guide for Q3 was frankly significantly north of the street. I think we guided to $0.48 and the streets three months ago was at $0.36. Now, we’re guiding to about $0.65, roughly, and the street was $0.48. And now we’re saying we’re going to – we have 3.5, almost $3.5 billion of orders last quarter, almost $3.7 billion this quarter. Next two quarters, we’re hoping to have around three each. So there’s something’s changed here. So the question you’re really asking is, what’s changed disruptively either in the market or at Applied Materials? I think there’s really three answers. One, I think the market has changed and it really has in terms of what type of equipment people need to make leading edge devices and leading edge displays. For instance, in 2012, 53.5% of the CapEx WFE spending by semi customers was in places, where we competed. Now, this year we think it’s 63.5%. And in those markets, where we compete in semi, we’re gaining share where we had weaker share. So in the market changes to make leading edge devices they need to buy different sets of leading edge equipment. And frankly, they need from very strong big capable suppliers, because the problems are just getting harder. They’re putting things in the production earlier than ever before and ramping faster. In display, you say the same thing, make an OLED display is harder to make an LCD display. So having the right products, we’re introducing new products. So in the marketplace, there has been big inflections V-NAND devices totally different architecture. So big inflections number one in the market. But number two, the products are very well-positioned now for us. So I can see it is going on for a while. Now, the third thing is, well, how you’re doing at Applied? I honestly believe that we will all grow by several points the markets in which we’re competing. You might be saying, well, how can you possibly know that for several reasons. One, we defined the financial model here right. The spending we put into products is significantly more than we used to relative to our total spending. So we invest more than we used to in product versus just maintain the lights in the building and operating the place. So the investment relatively speaking is heavier in product development and the batting average on new products is going up. We’ve put 50% more technical guys in the field, I think, who’ve invested in R&D and the products we’re coming out with are not not just iterative products, they’re disruptive innovative products. And if you go and get leading edge, logic and foundry customers,the number of DQR positions we have. The number of new platforms we have. We’ve changed the model, the investment model, and the batting average on the new products. And the other reason, I’m pretty confident, I can see the products coming down the pipe. So I think that Applied is going to outgrow the markets that we compete in for the next several years, 5, 10 years, now I can’t see. For the next number of years, I feel good about where we’re investing, how we’re executing in the market opportunities.
Bob Halliday: Sure, there’s several things. One is the cost reduction, which is the best we’ve done in years. The second one is, we just hammer away at every single product to get better and offset the mix that might be a little harder. And then the third one is continuing it through disruptive products. For instance, we think we’re going to grow our inspection business in terms of market share this year and probably next year, and we have new products coming out, and those products tend to be strong gross margins. So we do have – we have mix that’s pushing back us a little bit, but we have other things that could cover that.
Bob Halliday: Thanks for the question, Mehdi. Yes, we will definitely talk more about display at the Analyst Meeting. And really also focus on some of these longer-term opportunities, where some very large technology companies are making huge investments and where we have great opportunities in display going forward. So we definitely will cover that in more detail at the Analyst Day.
Bob Halliday: Sure. The revenue growth has been obviously very strong, and the bookings we have, we believe we have momentum into 2017 on the revenue line. If you look at the bookings the share in display, they’ve been probably about two-thirds or more around OLED and about one-third roughly around LCD stuff. So then if you look at the revenue split, it’s probably about 30%, 40% LCD and about 60% OLED this year. So last year was probably closer to two-thirds LCD, I think, and one-third are not too big OLED. And here it is, yes, it’s probably at 70% last year was LCD, so it’s flipped. So it was 70%, 30% one way last year and this year it’s probably 60%, 40% roughly 65%.
Bob Halliday: Yes, so capital intensity 10-nanometer is up over 25% from 16/14. And at 7, we think it’s up again, but we haven’t set a specific number yet.
Bob Halliday: Yes, maybe I’ll pile on a little bit. You always have, it’s not idiosyncratic the macro risk, which I think is moderate, but that’s a risk. I think the other one to add what Gary said, there has really been a change in my opinion at Applied that we didn’t have as much growth stuff being considered a few years ago. So we have really built a funnel of great ideas with customers, customers are pulling for us big time now. So our issue is how do we optimize all the opportunities. So it’s like how good can we be and that’s a tension we have every single day, which projects do we follow up, which ones we push faster, which ones so becomes how many different things we realize how fast. So it’s optimizing the portfolio really.
Bob Halliday: I think that’s true. I think you have two-part question there, Tim. One is, how come the stuff so apparent now? And two, did Tokyo Electron have any impact or at the end of the merger have an impact? I think the answer to the first question is, if you’re going to gain share in an equipment business like ours with the semi display, the opportunity is on inflections, big changes in how they make chips or they make displays. And you’ve got to have the right product that inflection or change an older or new OLED device. So you can look at stuff, we even did in the public domain. There were a number of people who said that, we should be less aggressive investing in display and solar. We decided there were two very different business models and so we increased our investment display, because we saw the inflection. But you’ve got to wait two or three years for the inflection or the product won’t be ready. You can’t shoot behind the duck, right? The ducks got to be two years ahead of you, three years ahead of you. And then second what we saw coming was NAND. And in fact, maybe even at your conference in 2014, I thought being NAND at the end of the County was going to be a little bigger than it ended up being, because we saw the inflections. We were betting on it even if you go back to your conference event 2014 early 2014. And we had the product that’s doing pretty well. So now what you have is, these inflections, products will take two or three years to come along. The hard part frankly was bridging this period. And now what’s going to happen is the products, where the pipeline inflections are happening and we have more products in the pipeline for more inflections, if you go look at areas like inspection and things like that. So the momentum is building up. We had to get through a two or three-year period. In terms of Tokyo Electron, Gary forced everybody to stay focused on the business.
Bob Halliday: Yes, let me talk a little bit about the inspection business. So this is going to be a very strong year for us. In that business, we could have a record year – our fiscal year 2016 revenue in this business and very, very strong pull from customers. As you said I have a lot of history relative to this business. And what I would say is that, e-beam what I hear from customers is that, e-beam is really at an inflection point. If you look at the changes in the devices, the device structures, there’s a bigger problem with systematic types of problems, where e-beam is the best solution. So we see tremendous pull from customers really an inflection relative to e-beam technology, especially focused on these systematic defects. So that’s what we’re seeing from a market perspective Applied Materials over half of our revenue is e-beam. We have the strongest technology in the market in e-beam. We are the leader in e-beam review. We’re gaining share in CD SAM. And we’ve just launched this PROVision product, and I think there’s just tremendous opportunity with PROVision in the first year of launching the product. We’re already getting reorders from leading foundry and memory customers. And I believe what we talked about before was achieving 20% share in e-beam inspection in the first year. So we see tremendous growth opportunities in e-beam, in an area where Applied is the strongest relative to technology. So overall, in PDC, we have a great – we have great technology, very strong customer pull, and a great opportunity to drive growth.
Gary Dickerson: I guess, what I’d add also is that in 10 and 7-nanometer foundry, we have – while our TAM is growing significantly, if you look at those two nodes together about 30%. And we have the initial adoption of many new platforms. We’re actually winning more market share also in 10 and 7-nanometer, and we’re still in the early innings of some of these new platforms that are being adopted, the Selectra product, the Olympia, PROVision, LK Prime, Precision CVD, very, very strong adoption of those new platforms. And then in memory, as Bob talked about, we’re gaining share in memory. And especially in 3D NAND, 3D NAND is materials-enabled, not litho-enabled. So our TAM is expanding significantly, and there also we have many new innovative products, including the Sym3, which is the fastest ramping product in history of the company. So overall, this is going to be a great share gain year for Applied Materials and we’re incredibly well-positioned going forward.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I think the demand for 3D NAND is certainly extremely strong. Customers can sell everything that they can build. And if you look at where we’re at in terms of that transition to 3D NAND, we’re still not that far along in the overall transition. And so, every customer is moving as fast as they can from planer to 3D. And so, our thinking for 3D NAND going forward is still very strong certainly in 2017 still very strong.
Gary Dickerson: I guess, I could also add that display is a great opportunity for Applied Materials. We’re still in the early innings and this smartphone transition to OLED. And the display is a key differentiator for mobile devices. So in the near-term, near-term being over the next couple of years, this is going to be a great driver for us. If we think longer-term, we also see large technology companies making huge investments in new areas like VR, AR, and automotive, where display can be significant. We’re also developing new innovative products that will significantly expand our served market over the next several years. So normalized spending in display could be higher than in the past and also our TAM is expanding on top of that. And last thing on this one, I’d like to say is that, really the display is an example of where we can take materials engineering into a new market and adjacent market and Applied is really unique in our ability to enable this big inflection and drive growth. So really overall great, great opportunity for the company.
Gary Dickerson: So I think the most important thing for people to think about on 3D NAND is that, this is an materials-enabled inflection, not litho-enabled. And it’s a biggest change in memory technology in decades. So when you think materials-enabled, it really the products that we have targeted for 3D NAND, the Sym3 etch tool is the fastest ramp we’ve ever had for any system in Applied Materials, and we’re still in the early innings. One of the things that I believe is that, we can grow as fast as we can qualify. We have so much pull from customers on Sym3. There’s still an opportunity for growth there. Our CVD business is growing significantly. This year, we expect strong revenue growth in CVD gaining several points of overall share very, very strong position in 3D NAND. So that’s another area where when you look at the 64 layers or you’re going forward, there is a tremendous opportunity. The number of CMP steps also double in maybe 2 even in some cases 3X number of CMP stuffs. So that’s another area, where we have really, really a great position. And this is the first time also for us to introduce Epi into a memory device. So there are a number of different areas, where we have innovative platforms, innovative new products, and really tremendous pull from customers that give us a great opportunity as 3D NAND goes forward.
Gary Dickerson: So let me take the second part of that while Bob is pulling up the information on the – on logic. Relative to foundry, what we see is that, all of our customers, all of our customers are targeting 7-nanometer as a big node, very big node. There’s a lot of customers – their customers that are taping out. And so that is a big opportunity and every single one of our customers are in a race to be in the right position as that node ramps. So the pull we’re getting for customers on 10/7 is extremely strong. And as Bob said earlier, we see strong business in the trailing nodes also in foundry. And we see that, China being a big part of that, but we see that also continuing going forward in the future. So, at least, from what we’re seeing today, our customers in terms of advanced foundry and also relative to the trailing nodes in foundry, it looks like and what customers are saying is that, the business will be good for the next few years.
Gary Dickerson: Sure. Well, again, we have a strong semi business in China and a strong display business. So I do display first. We see the trends where the Chinese are heavily invested in display business and want to share there, probably continuing for a number of years. They are not heavily into OLED yet, but their interest in display is very strong. In terms of semi, the government has obviously said, their interest is very strong and sustainable. So that I think that you may have lumpiness, but I think you’ve raised the baseline, particularly in semi and the display baseline has already been going up for a while now. So I think that you’re going to see pretty sustainably strong orders in China.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I guess, let me add to this one. The fundamental driver for our businesses today from a market standpoint is materials innovation. So if you look at 3D NAND, its materials-enabled scaling. If you look at how people are trying to solve etch placement errors in litho, there’s a lot of materials innovation that can dramatically reduce etch placement errors, and that’s a big deal for our customers going forward in multi-patterning. And so that’s the core competency of Applied Materials. We’re broader, deeper, have more competencies, more technology, more talent than anyone in the world. And relative to semi, you see today, we’re in the early adoption of some great innovative products, not incremental products, innovative products. And the pipeline we have there is also tremendous. We have great products in the pipeline. If you look at display, Applied is unique and our ability to take these technologies into large areas and into new markets. And we’ve also innovated with new TAM growth. Thin film encapsulation is an example, where we have hundreds of millions of dollars in business enabling the transition to organic LED and mobile. And we have other capabilities they’re also in the pipeline that are as significant relative to growth drivers for us longer-term outside the semiconductor industry. So this is personally what I love about Applied. This is what where I love to spend my time. The company has so much talent, so much capability. I really believe that we’re still in the early innings relative to innovation in semi, in materials-enabled scaling, with disruptive new platforms, and also outside the semiconductor business into adjacent markets.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Bob was referring to our TAM opportunity, and I think the combination 10, 7 something like 30% somewhere in that range.
Gary Dickerson: I think for us we have tremendous opportunities. The key for us, I really do believe, we can grow as fast as we can qualify. We have great platforms, where we’re totally targeted on major inflections very, very innovative products, where we have tremendous customer pull. So I think the tension for us really is to make sure that we can qualify with customers, work with customers, because there’s just incredible pull for us in a number of different areas. So I would say that, we for sure are going to grow share. The rate of that growth is really up to us relative from an execution perspective.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question. So we focus on big inflections where and I think Bob talked about this earlier. We could see the big inflections a few years in advance and we made a decision that we would shift hundreds of millions of dollars in spending in the company. So we cut G&A a significant amount. We significantly dramatically reduced our spending in solar. And all of those – all of that money we shifted keeping OpEx relatively flat into areas, where we have great opportunities Applied has great talent and great competencies and great technologies, but we needed to make the investments and fuel the growth. So that happened, frankly, maybe three or four years ago, where we started that shifting of resources and really focused in the areas where we knew that we had great opportunities. We also have added talent into the company to help us execute on those opportunities. And that’s really the playbook and I would – we’re still driving that playbook today. So I look at the semiconductor business in the pipeline. We have some phenomenally valuable and disruptive products still in the pipeline, where we have great opportunities going forward. And also outside semi, we have some great opportunities that are sizable opportunities, where we can still drive growth for the company. So those are the things we did. It wasn’t something that frankly with the Tokyo Electron merger, we kept our eye on the ball, we were laser focused on these opportunities. All through that process and we were ready basically when these inflections were ramping with the right products and the right team to execute. Bob, if you want to add anything.
