Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining Applied's Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson (ph), our President and CEO, and Dan Durn (ph), our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures.  Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have some calendar announcements. On the 8th of September at 9:00 A.M. Pacific Time, we plan to host the third event in our Master Class series, this time focusing on the ICAPS markets and also on heterogeneous design and advanced packaging. Then, on the 18th of October, also at 9:00 AM Pacific Time, we plan to hold our fourth Master Class. We'll focus on process control and process optimization, including AIx platform technologies like e-beam and AI. We hope you'll join us. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan (ph). To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have a second question, please just re-queue and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific time. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Dan Durn: Hi C.J., this is Dan (ph.). I'll start and Gary (ph.) can jump in with some perspectives after I'm done. So, as we think about the ICAPS market and the setup around FoundryLogic, I think the contours you drew create the right perspective greater than 55% of WFE this year is FoundryLogic.  When we look into FoundryLogic and look at the leading edge versus ICAPS nodes, we're seeing the balance in those 2 markets. We had balance in those 2 markets in 2020, we've got balance again in 2021. So, we're really encouraged by the strength we're seeing across the entire [Indiscernible] profile and geometries within FoundryLogic.  We think we're incredibly well-positioned on the leading edge to drive key enabling technologies as the new playbook rolls out. We're equally well-suited in the ICAPS nodes, to drive those roadmaps going forward. Innovation is back across the entire node profile. As our customers pursue unique opportunities in IoT communications, auto power sensors, there are very unique technologies and capabilities that need to be driven as intelligence finds its way to the edge.  Those road maps are vibrant. We've got key enabling technologies that are driving really good market positions for us at attractive margins. So, we think we're really well set up to perform extremely well, as both of these sides of FoundryLogic profile going forward in a very balanced way, so we like how well we're positioned.
Dan Durn: Yes. Thanks, Stacy. Let me take a crack at those questions and if I leave anything out, please follow up to make sure I hit all of the points that you put on the table. First, I think our view around WFE this year, there's very little change. We said it's now over 80 billion, we think it's a mid-30% grower, plus, minus, and embedded within that, we see strength across all device types.  Your fastest-growing; FoundryLogic, second-half-weighted, next fastest-growing; DRAM, second-half-weighted. Still see strong demand and pull from customers there, so we feel good about that. Last quarter, we put a question mark on the profile of NAND. Is it flat? Is it down a bit? We needed a bit more time to tell, I think we're still in that category.  I think there's a question mark. Is it flattish? Is it down a bit? So very little has changed in terms of the shape of the profile throughout the year. Taking a step back and taking a look at our DRAM progress, this is a business that we've had strong momentum in now for several years.  And as we take a look at the road map, we talk about increasing our opportunity node over a node, and that seems to be playing out in the market. Right now, you are adopting logic-like structures within the DRAM market in this place to a traditional source of strength for us. And so, we're playing a key enabling role for our customers, and you see that playing out in the most recent results. And we would expect that strength to continue through the back half of the year.  As we look into 2022, we do see the overall WFE market up year-over-year. We see continued strength in all 3 device types; FoundryLogic, DRAM, NAND. And so, we like how well we're positioned against that opportunity. And the way we see it right now, we're planning for all 3 of our reporting segments to be up year-over-year.  The concept of the peak is a really interesting one in this context; if we take a step back and look at the secular trends shaping this industry, we know industries are going through a digital transformation, increasingly going to drive adoption of semiconductors, and I'd say the demand for semiconductors 5 years from now is going to be greater than it is today, and certainly greater than it was 5 years ago. So, all of that is playing out nicely. What I would also say in the DRAM market, that your node over node shrinks is producing less bit growth than they have historically.  So, you're seeing capital intensity rise in that market. You're seeing Capital intensity rise in all device types frankly. But when I look at the investments our customers are making in this environment, and I compare it on a historical basis as a percent of profitability to what we've seen historically. You go back about a decade and the customers are spending more from a WFE standpoint, the WFE, as a percent of EBITDA, is down 40% over the last decade.  So, the monetization of these investments is greater today than it's ever been. We really like the long-term secular drivers around our industry. And while every year may not be a peak, the trend line is definitely up and we do think it leads to higher highs and higher lows as this industry continues to drive its road map, and deliver the power performance road map. We think we're incredibly well set up to perform really well as those trends play out.
Dan Durn: Yeah, thanks, John, let me take a crack at it. And so, what we would say is, we take a look at the business we do in China. We've got three reporting segments. The numbers we report are both semi systems to domestic China market participants, as well as the international market participants that are building facilities there.  All of the services that go into supporting those facilities, as well as the display equipment that we ship into the market. And so, there's a lot of moving pieces that produce revenue in China in any given quarter. As I take a step back and look at what's going on this year, and we compare it to maybe the $10 billion of domestic China spend in WFE last year.  What I would say is, is that you're seeing meaningful spending across all 3 device types, FoundryLogic, DRAM, NAND. I would say the waiting this year is towards the ICAPS market in China. And from a growth perspective, I would say it's probably growing a little bit above the overall industry average.  So, we feel really good about how while we're set up against this opportunity with longstanding relationships, key enabling technology, but we've got a broad and diverse business that serves this market across 3 reporting segments. And so, we feel good about how we're positioned and continue to drive strong performance as the market evolves.
Dan Durn: And then very quickly John -- very quickly John, just from a timing perspective, an impact of the markets, we're not counting in anything from government spending in 2022. Our view is you start to see it in '23 and '24. If it happens faster than that, then it's upside to the perspective we have from a market standpoint. But '23, '24 is what we're currently seeing as the right timing around that spends to regionalize capacity.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Thanks for that. If you noticed, we've been investing at a nice rate as a Company now for multiple quarters. You saw us begin to take that up, invest in our infrastructure. We took a point of view on where we saw this industry going -- was going, and we made sure that we had the capacity in place to serve our customers and make them successful.  We'll continue to do that along the way. We won't be point specific about how much capacity that we're bringing online, as you can imagine for competitive reasons. But we'll invest ahead of that materializing and continue to do what we've been doing now for several years as this industry continues to go structurally larger, and we put a capacity statement in place to support it.  From a margin standpoint, what I would say is the Company's performing really well in this environment. You see it in the current results. We told you it wasn't a one-quarter phenomenon and we see follow-through at these levels. And this is despite the near-term headwinds we see from a COVID environment.  And so, as those headwinds begin to dissipate, I think you see an upward bias off of these levels on a like-for-like basis from a margin standpoint. Then it also says, the long-term model that we put out [Indiscernible] talked about 48.5%. I think we're making good progress against that. It's a good way to think about the Company but no matter what our gross margin is, I would say we'll never be satisfied with it.  We'll be constantly looking for ways to increase the baseline level of productivity at the Company and do even better than we're doing today. So, we feel good about how we're set up. We'll continue to make investments to support the business, and we'll continue to drive results.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks Atif (ph.). Let me jump in on that one. So, we talked for several quarters now about strengthening fundamentals in the overall display market, capacity coming out, strengthening panel prices, screen sizes continued to increase. You see 5G OLED penetration in the handset. And then future roadmap foldable displays in the handset.  You talked about OLED penetration of larger format displays, IT TV, all of those strengthening market fundamentals, I think, give us a good sense that in 2022 you're probably going to enter a more attractive point of the investment cycle. I don't think it's going to be a dramatic step up off of these levels, but you'll certainly start to see better levels of investment. I think we're on the cusp of that right now, too early to tell exactly when it hits at the beginning of 22 -- in the back-half of 22.  But we're on the cusp of entering that more attractive point I think there are technical solutions that need to be solved in the OLED market to drive it into large format displays and start to replace LCD. So, I think that's a little way out. But we're certainly watching the customer's roadmap, the success with the technology, inflection, and then putting capacity behind that inflection.  Once that happens, I think you've got an opportunity to take this market structurally larger and it will be a long-term technical shift in the industry's road map on those large format displays. those solutions will be more capital intensive than LCD technologies today, and from an Applied Material and display business standpoint, it will be an attractive piece of business for us when it happens. But I still think we're a little way away from that inflection actually hitting the market and customers putting capital behind it.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Krish. So, what I would say is I think we all know that the supply chain is the global economy begins to fire back online. There are pockets, nonlinearity, and some disruption and certainly, our industry is no different on that front. I think what you see is a disciplined, efficient operation of the Company in a challenging environment. We feel good about how we're operating.  My expectation in the current quarter, given what we see going forward is as you would begin to see that inventory rise in anticipation of what we see on the horizon, but we'll take it 1 quarter at a time, make smart decisions about how we engage with our supply chain to make sure we're set up to successfully satisfy our customers' needs and make them successful. So, as I look back on the last several quarters, really comfortable and pleased with the way the Company is operating in the environment and growing the Company in a very disciplined way.
Dan Durn: Thanks, Tim. When you think about run rates, and you think about market share, and you think about quarterly run rates. First of all, you're going to see things move from quarter to quarter, so it's hard to extrapolate what happens in any given quarter. with a broad trend. The second thing I'd say is, depending on what you assume from a market share standpoint, you can get some pretty big swings in the analysis.  From my perspective, we got a market that we think is over 80 billion this year, mid 30% grower. Our systems business in the first 2 quarters of actual results, 1 quarter of guide, those 3 quarters, our semi systems segment, is going to be up over 50% against that market opportunity.  We're seeing strength across all three device types and node over node momentum, we see our opportunity increasing. As we look into 2022, we see WFE up. Our confidence interval on that has gone up in the last 3 months. And so, we feel good about that perspective, then you see regionalization of capacity.  And so, hard to always call with precision the profile in any given year, as I take a step back and think about the importance of semiconductors to digital transformation verse -- virtually Agri segment of the economy, you think about raising capital intensity. I think there's an upward bias on capital intensity over time as a result of traditional 2D Moore's Law, traditional 2D shrinks hitting a wall, the new playbook that has multiple elements to it.  We're certainly going to play a key enabling role in each element of that new playbook. I see there is an upward bias of capital intensity over time, and I don't think it tops out at 14%, and then you think about regionalization of capacity to create a secure supply of semis. I think that provides an even further upward bias. And so -- and we've been on this observation for a while.  If you go back a decade and look at 2-year rolling averages of WFE, every year won't be up, but each successive 2-year window has been up to over the prior. And as we look forward over the next decade, we see those secular trends shaping our industry, showing nice signs of strength. You will get a cyclical low overlay on top of that trend line. It's going to lead the higher highs, higher lows, but it's hard to call with precision the timing of when those peaks and valleys hit.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, Joe (ph.). Here's what we see. So, we said over 160 for 2021 and 2022, we see 2021 being over 80 billion, and we see up year-over-year. So, we won't be point specific to update that over 160, but clearly, we've got a lot of confidence that you're pushing higher to those levels, higher than that level, if '21 is over 80 billion already, and you're up into 2022.  So, we feel good about the setup. And certainly, our opportunity given the momentum we outperformed in '19, we're going to outperform again in '20 and '21.  We think we're set up to continue that as we look into 2022, and we're planning for each of our reporting segments as we look into 2022, to be up. So, we feel good about how the Company is executing against that opportunity. But it probably won't update in a point-specific way the 2 years. But I think what I just shaped for you gives you a sense of what we see.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Mike, sure. As I look at the most recent quarter, one big takeaway I take away from the quarter is just how much the FoundryLogic market has broadened. What used to be a leading node only spend in the past, is now evenly balanced between leading-edge and ICAPS markets today. I think that speaks to the momentum we see of edge computing IoT.  When you put intelligence at the edge, it sets up a virtuous cycle where the data generated at the edge is going to create more demand for advanced logic and memory in the cloud, it's a nice virtuous cycle. Another observation, despite the supply chain headwinds the industry is seeing, our teams are working incredibly hard in driving gross margin initiatives, and they're delivering some of the best results the Company has ever had.  I also like the strong free cash flow being generated, really sets us up well to deliver even more cash to shareholders over time. Hopefully, I'll see many of you at the Needham, Deutsche, and city conferences in the coming weeks. And so, with that, Mike, let's go ahead, close the call.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. C.J. This is Gary (ph.). Thanks for the question. I think ICAPS, maybe some people would think is trailing technology nodes. But if you really think about the digitization of everything and this big inflection, People are talking about the future having 0.5 trillion or trillion connected devices at the edge, and certainly, as we talk to system companies that are deploying those eyes, and ears, and sensors, in all of those different applications that are transforming every industry, there needs to be a tremendous amount of innovation and power performance cost in both the chips and the packages.  So, we will cover this some more in the September 8th Master Class. But I would think about edge innovation. Certainly, in the cloud, you need high-performance to extract actionable insights. But that latency, power, cost, all of those things on the edge, that innovation is really important. And I think relative to sustainability, certainly, you can see the explosion of data, especially machine-generated data.  This market is very, very strong and we think as you go to a 1/2 trillion connected devices at the edge in the future, it's going to stay very strong. And as Dan talked about, we made a strategic change in our organization in 2019, pulling together key parts of our Company, 200-millimeter, 300-millimeter unit process innovation. We have some dynamite technologists focused on these markets. And again, we'll share more of that at our September 8th Master Class.
Gary Dickerson: John, on the other part of your question, about when doing those investments happen from a regional perspective, there's no question. I'm involved in a number of different discussions. There's tremendous pull across many different regions: U.S., Europe, Asia. And what I would say is that certainly, it's important from a supply chain continuity to have more regional capacity, I think that's a big area of focus.  But personally, I think even more important is having not just physical infrastructure or manufacturing infrastructure, but innovation infrastructure. And if you think about the infrastructure that's going to enable this multi-trillion-dollar digital inflection. It really gets back to, as I talked about earlier, Edge innovation, Cloud innovation, everything in between, for power, performance, costs, ahead of others. So, as I -- we certainly see an opportunity, and that is moving forward relative to physical infrastructure and regionalizing capacity.  Also, certainly for Applied, the U.S, and many governments, having those foundational technology puzzle pieces for innovation to win this PPACt race of the future is incredibly important, and certainly Applied is in a position where we're going to continue to invest on top of what we've already done in the U.S with the Maydan Technology Center in Silicon Valley, the META Center in New York, but this is the race of our lifetimes and this innovation infrastructure I think is another key aspect of what needs to happen to win the future.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Toshiya (ph.), thanks for the question. So, when I -- having constant conversations with R&D leaders many hours actually, in each of the last 2 weeks, and also CEOs for our leading customers. And what I would say when you think about the PPACt road map, Power, Performance, and Cost, and time, getting there ahead of others, that's what determines who wins and losses in the industry.  And when you think about the relative -- the key drivers for that, we've talked about 5 drivers, new chip architectures, new materials, new structures, new ways to shrink, and new ways to connect chips together.  If you look at what our customers are saying, even I think earlier today, but in many different forms, people are talking about new materials in the periodic table of elements, and packaging technologies, and new structures like gates all around, or design technology co-optimization with technologies like buried power rails, or contact over an active gate. And then some of those cases with no smaller pitch, you can drive significant area savings.  When I look at the road map, and I see this today in our leading businesses. And we also talked about, in our investor meeting, a new innovation where we could enable a 50% reduction in wiring with integrated material solution, where we're combining many technologies under vacuum; ALD, PVD, CVD, copper reflow, surface prep technologies, to drive a 50% reduction in wiring across many different levels. That is enormous when you think about power and performance.  And that one integrated system is worth billions of dollars. That's what we've communicated. So, Toshiya, I think that the opportunity for Applied has never been better. When you think about really the relative contribution of power, performance, and costs going forward, whether it's in the leading edge where you're processing all of that data in the cloud.  The edge innovation that I talked about earlier today, new Memory technologies, where it's really in the sweet spot for Applied for materials innovation, structure innovation, we have a very strong position in advanced packaging. We're driving innovations not only with our breadth in our unit processes but also in combinations with partners with new Integrated Material Solutions.  We're going to share more of that in our Master Class in September rate. So, I think the strength that you're seeing if I lookout for the next few years and I look at the relative contribution to PPACt, I just think we've never been in a better position, and our leadership areas, in the strategies and investments that we've been driving, are paying off now, they'll pay off even a bigger way going forward.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Harlan. Thanks for the question. When I think about our PDC business, there are really 2 aspects, 1 is certainly we're seeing tremendous growth within PDC. and certainly e-beam leadership, we're extending our e-beam leadership, I'll talk about that. We have the new optical product, the Enlite, we're expanding traction of that product. But the other aspect that's really important, is the synergy with those technologies and our unit in IMS innovations.  I talked about, in the prepared remarks, the Applied Pro process recipe optimization, extending that from 25 different engagements to more than 50 next year. And so basically what we're doing is taking our e-beam leadership, we have the highest resolution, and we can generate massive data with unique imaging and algorithms, so we can look at fingerprinting across a chip for things like pattern loading or across the wafer.  And really dialing those recipes in for our unit process and IMS innovations, whether it's wiring, or gate all around, or capacitors structures and DRAM, or any of those kinds of things, that's worth billions of dollars to us and it's worth a tremendous amount for every one of our customers. So that combination in the synergy is also very powerful. And relative to the revenue growth within PDC.  Again, that's been really great to see our e-beam portfolio of products is extremely strong. We're also deploying new technology and we will talk more about that at the upcoming Master Class to extend our leadership from a resolution perspective. Certainly, across all of our products, across EUV types of application. So that's very strong.  The optical part is also growing where we have real strength with some leading FoundryLogic customers across a broader set of customers. So, I'm very optimistic. Your question about sustainability, very, very optimistic, about the sustainability of revenue growth within PDC, And I'm even more excited about the synergy for R&D acceleration in big process windows and higher yield for the rest of the Applied portfolio.
