Bob Halliday: Yeah, we exited the quarter as I mentioned, at $30 million and it might have been touch over that - the quarter, but we exited 31 going down for the rest of the year.Terence Whalen – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: And then my follow-up question is on the gross margin side, you said that part of the positive variance in gross margin was due to fewer inventory reserves, can you help us understand going forward whether you see that trend continuing or any insight on gross margin going forward would be helpful? Thank you.
Bob Halliday: Gross margins are pretty good this quarter. The year-on-year comparison was aided by couple of things. We had some inventory reserves last year and then this year we had a good drop, so we had incremental revenues, which dropped through the gross margin line. If you look at our overall sales and expense and profitability guidance for next quarter, it implies reasonably positive gross margin opportunities next quarter also.
Bob Halliday: Yeah, let me give you a little more color than I gave to Edwin. If you look at where the increase is, the increase is more concentrated in SSG and display and less sold in solar and AGS. So of our fix, SSG should do relatively well of the four.Tim M. Arcuri – Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Okay, thanks. And R&D was up to a record high, I was going back to my model and I couldn't find anything this high. I know that you talked about 450 being less than a $100 million in fiscal 2012, but you haven’t talked about what 450 will be this year. Is the increase due to 450 and maybe you can give us some sense of what the spending will be on 450 during this entire fiscal year? Thanks.
Bob Halliday: I think it’s – I’ll do below the gross – I’ll do the gross margins lines a bit. I think we can efficiency and cost savings on both expense line and the cost of goods line. And I think the opportunity is kind of half and half to be honest with you. I think R&D efficiency is also going to drive the faster product development and to certain extent it will be self funding between efficiency. I think on the gross margin line above that, people sometimes ask me about the question, can you increase your peak operating profit versus say 2011, we did all fairly. So if you look at gross margins and you look at gross margin today we have a few things going in our favor. One, we have good mix between the segments where our future growth will be more incenting versus solar for instance in 2011. Secondly, we will, I think, will drive this cost reduction which I spoke of just a minute go. And thirdly, as we start to get some traction in some of these high value businesses, I think those have favorable pricing components. So actually the gross margins look okay, it’s a combination of mix between segments, some potential mix between products, cost of goods sold reductions and pricing, you commercially negotiate all that stuff.Stephen Chin – UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. But may be a question, Mike, for your early thoughts on 2014 with wafer fab equipment spending yield, even if we assume end market demand for electronics to stay normal with all these silicon technology transitions that you are talking about happen in your 3D since that 20 nanometer, can we assume you’re investing this year for another strong year in wafer fab equipment spend for next year too? Thanks.
Bob Halliday: It will be both. We’re going to do both and some of the things we’re going to do to enable both is getting tighter alignment across the organization between operations, the business units, the guys who control the releasing of products to the suppliers. So there is a path to do this., I would say that, we’ll get incremental progress on both and it will be cumulative. The good thing about materials cost reduction as you start to build the momentum, it’s annuity payment, right. You get it every year on equipment, you get it on spare parts. So it’s an annuity payment that every year goes up, you had several points of cost reduction, it’s cumulative over time.Patrick J. Ho – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Gary E. Dickerson: Edwin, as you know, we don't give the bookings guidance. We continue with the overall CapEx guidance of flat to down 10% as Mike talked about earlier. We're incrementally more optimistic, it’s part of what happens in CapEx, it depends on just a few customers in foundry and memory spending later in the year. So, overall, the key message I think for us is around the transition in transistor technology as Mike talked about earlier. That's the key battleground in mobility and that opportunity in the transistor inflection starting in 2014, also 3D memory, those are extremely positive opportunities for us to grow overall share.
Gary E. Dickerson: Just as we said last quarter, really no net increase in 450 spending in our current plan. The key focus for us are around these technology transitions in the transistor and 3D memory. Those are big opportunities for us. As Mike talked about, the increase for us is about 25% in the gate-last technology, another 5% to 10% in FinFET technology, about 25% opportunity increase for us in the first generation of NAND Flash technology. So those are the areas where we’re really focused on in terms of our R&D investments.
Gary E. Dickerson: We’re also increasing our investment in application support in the field. In our PDC business, we have the second highest bookings quarter, orders quarter in the history of PDC, and the highest ever orders quarter for our Brightfield business. So we’re making investments in R&D, but we’re also making investments in the field and application support and also focused on earlier and deeper collaborations with customers as they go through these device transitions.Tim M. Arcuri – Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, gentlemen.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes, the transistor, as we’ve talked about before, is really the sweet spot for Applied Materials that where we have the strongest positions that includes epi and annealing, the implant business, CDP is actually also an area that’s growing through new transistor technology. So those would be the areas that are going to grow the most and PVD is another one that’s going to grow as we go to next generation transistors.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, Jim, as I mentioned, we had our second highest quarter’s quarter in the history of PDC last quarter and our highest ever in wafer infection.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, on PDC, the strongest order, Paul, that we are seeing right now is from foundry and logic customers.Vishal Shah – Deutsch Bank Securities: Thanks, guys. 
Gary E. Dickerson: I am sorry.Jagadish Iyer – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: I just wanted to find out how should we reconcile this with share gains that Mike alluded in the prepared remarks as you talk about the SAM growth in the front end, how much of it will be visible this year and how should we think about it going forward and then I have a follow up. Please.
Gary E. Dickerson: So the two major transitions that we are focused on right are the 20 nanometer gate-last transition, that’s going to really be more in 2014, maybe at the end of 2013 and the other one is in 3D memory and certainly that’s more – also more of a 2014 story.Jagadish Iyer – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: Fair enough. And then I think you guys mentioned about the strength in the display segment. Can you help us there whether there is broad-based ordering in the display segment? You did allude to a major Chinese LCD factory coming up, are you seeing any other factories over Gen 8.5 coming up in probably the second half of this year or potentially in the horizon? Thank you.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, the key thing for us is to focus on the key – high value problems for our customers. If you look at display for instance, this concept applies to all of our different businesses. We’re focused on the key device performance and yield challenges of our customers. So as they go to larger panel sizes and smaller pixels, the particle requirements are increasing from 10 to 100 times to get equivalent yield. So our focus there is on how do we have an architectural advantage that delivers better particles than our competitors. The same thing is true as you go to larger panel sizes. Customers if they had a – if we have a certain uniformity on our product, they can sell the panels into their own brand. If they have a worst uniformity, they go to an OEM brand at a much lower margin. So the leverage in yield and the leverage in device performance for our customer is significant and that is the strategy that we are pursuing that is growing share in the display business today. The same thing is true in the semiconductor business. As our customers move to new transistor technologies, as they move to new 3D memory technologies, these transitions as you go to FinFET or other devices are extremely difficult. They have big challenges in trying to drive time to market for these products and it is the key battleground for our customers in mobility. Our products that enable those transitions in the architectures that’s where we are focused, that’s why we are increasing our R&D spending, that’s why we are increasing the technical support of our customers in the field and that’s the formula at least for me and 30 years in this industry, that’s the same formula I’ve seen work in every one of these different businesses.Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna International Group, LLP: So…
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks, Ben. And I appreciate your questions. We’d like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5 PM Pacific Time today. And we’d like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, Tim, I’d add to that, we’re seeing really good customer pull right now for the new products that we have in a number of areas. But even in inspection and Etch, which have traditionally been weak for us, customers are really pulling on us to offer new and better solutions as we go through the transistor change to 3D. We have some really good capability there that I think is quite differentiated.
Michael R. Splinter: The overall OpEx guidance was $550 million, plus or minus $10 million, which is down from Q2’s $567 million. We get some benefit from the shutdown, but we’re also managing other expenses pretty tightly too.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Michael R. Splinter: Thanks, Steven. I don’t think we really formulated a detailed view on 2014, but maybe just a couple of thoughts. Assuming that let’s say we can have another 30% plus year growth in smartphones and a 50% growth year in tablets, I think the foundry spending is flat to up and maybe up a little bit more than that because of complexity increases in the 20 and 16 nanometer and the push to advance transistors. And then I think we are going to see an investment cycle in NAND Flash, not quite, we don’t precisely have that pegged yet on exactly how the cycle will go, but I think it will certainly start in 2014. So in general, would be a positive view on 2014 and the downside is where is logic spending going to end up. But I would also say relative to where are we investing, we are absolutely focused on these technology transistors, the technology transitions. The transistor is a key battleground in mobility, 3D NAND is also a key battleground. So the opportunities for us are significant and that’s the focus of our R&D dollars.
Michael R. Splinter: I don’t have a precise estimate, I think there’s still capacity expansion within existing fabs that’s everybody’s first move because 3D NAND isn’t ready yet and I don’t think we’ll see big expansions until we get to 3D NAND. And then as I said, we’ll see a build investment cycle in NAND, but I think most of that’s next year.Satya Kumar – Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Thank you.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, the first half is pretty much all 28 nanometer. So we see 20 nanometer starting to pick up in the second half of the year, and still pilot production in the second half of the year. So maybe if you add up across the industry, you get between 25,000 and 50,000 wafers. But I think the key thing is working with customers on those real technology and yield problems as these new technologies get into production, that’s really where our focus is with customers that’s what – why they are calling us and why we are excited about not only the rest of this year, but the subsequent years. It’s very difficult to actually to – customers don’t buy for one generation. So even though – initially go into 28 nanometer production, certainly they are looking forward to what are they going to do in 20 nanometer, 16 nanometer, and that’s actually helping us pull some of our inspection tools, CMP tools and other products into 28 nanometer orders.Vishal Shah – Deutsch Bank Securities: :
Michael R. Splinter: Jagadish, you asked about factories larger than 8.5? Okay, anyway, I think we’re seeing very strong orders in display right now. We are projecting $800 million for the year, which is doubling over last year. And we are seeing most of the build out from multiple customers in China and no factories above 8.5 at this time. Although, we believe as the TVs get larger above 60 inches and they become a significant part of the overall mix that we will see customers move to Gen 10 and Gen 11.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, the customers that are making those early transitions are really focused on the 3D NAND technology, and they are very different. Some of these steps are very different than what you see in planer NAND.Ben Pang – B. Riley & Company: Thank you very much.
