Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's third quarter of fiscal 2024 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q filing with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on our website at ir.appliedmaterials.com. And with that introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please re-queue and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, Mehdi, for your question. I think we're approaching the end of the hour. So, Brice, I'm going to go ahead and ask if you have any closing thoughts for us.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Thanks, Brice. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of today's call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by 5 o'clock Pacific Time. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Okay, CJ, thanks for joining the call. I think what we're seeing in the business today when we look at Q3 and our Q4 outlook, very strong energy around the AI inflections that Gary talked about. So, leading-edge is accelerating. We highlighted that in the prepared remarks. We're -- our forecast for $2.5 billion of gate-all-around related equipment in this fiscal year, we haven't changed that forecast. That stays the same. And when we think about DRAM and HBM memory, those kind of all go along with this energy we're seeing around the AI inflections and investments in that area. At the same time, our ICAPS business in both Q3 and Q4 remains very strong. We think that's robust. We can dig into that a little bit more during the call. But if anything, over the last 30 days, you ask us how we're feeling about the outlook, I would say the ICAPS business continues. It seems like every quarter, we sort of raise our expectations with respect to ICAPS. So, a lot of energy around leading-edge. ICAPS remaining strong. A very strong year for DRAM and HBM. Those are kind of key themes. For '25, we're not giving specific guidance, but we just say, we're pretty enthusiastic about gate-all-around and the technologies we've talked about on the leading-edge.
Brice Hill: Great. Thanks for joining, Stacy. So, yeah, on the 32%, I'll shift your perspective on that just a little bit. So, the 32% is almost no DRAM to China. So, you've got it right. Our business mix to China declined to 32%. And if I think back in time, just to remind everybody, if we go just over a year back, it was like 17% mix to China. We were having supply chain issues. So, it was very low at that point. In the last three quarters, we bounced up to the mid-40%s while we served the DRAM that we could ship and that's the prior three quarters. And we feel this quarter 32% is probably normal for us or in the normal range for us, that's across our entire business for shipments to China. And what it really represents is ICAPS. And the ICAPS market in total has been very robust. We think it will be a record year in our fiscal year for ICAPS. And China also, we would call it robust. There's -- we're adding customers. Utilizations are improving. It's a wide variety of products and factories. So, we think that market is robust both in Q3 and in Q4. So that gives you a sense of what's happening for us. And then, next quarter, we'll have a small amount of DRAM, but nothing like we've had the prior three quarters.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Srini. Thanks for joining. So, yeah, the China DRAM in Q3 and Q4 will be at nominal levels. We have speculated you may see new investments in DRAM there. I don't have any comments to make on that specifically for the roadmap, but I would say that DRAM globally is very strong, should be a very, very strong year for DRAM. Of course, that includes some of that China volume, but we think that goes along with the mix to HBM and utilizations in DRAM have improved and there's a lot of energy around the high-bandwidth memory for the leading-edge systems. And then, on the ICAPS side, no surprise here for probably anybody. We expect the edge technologies that we describe as ICAPS to grow mid- to high-single-digits over time. And that's driven by the inflections that we talk about, which is clean energy, renewable power, electrification, those sorts of -- AI edge sensors, all those sorts of usages. So mid- to high-single-digits is our view long term. And when we look at China for both Q3 and Q4 and the entire ICAPS business, I said before, it's probably going to be a record for us in our fiscal year. And it's not just China, we've had regions, other regions grow during this quarter.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks for joining, Vivek. Our outlook, we're not changing our outlook. We're still saying $2.5 billion on the leading-edge for gate-all-around in this fiscal year. And when we think about next year, we've just had -- we've had every quarter accelerating this year in the leading-edge and we think that's being driven by a lot of the excitement around AI and AI datacenter. So, we get as you -- I think you know, we get regular updates from our customers and our outlook that we've just given for Q4 is up to date with all of our customers. So, I think we tend to think of the market as a macro level. Customers update us all the time, but no real change to our view for leading-edge looking forward.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Chris, and thanks for joining. When we think about leading-logic, actually I'll make a comment for utilizations. We've seen utilizations improve in every single end market this quarter and our expectation is for that to continue next quarter. So, DRAM, NAND, ICAPS and leading-edge. And no change to our expectation on absolute leading-edge investment, gate-all-around technologies, not changing our number for this fiscal year. And we do think it's a harbinger for acceleration next year as we look forward. We're not giving a guide for '25, but we think there's a lot of energy around the AI markets and we see that in HBM, we see that in DRAM, we see that in leading-edge acceleration. So, we'll hope that those trends continue.
Brice Hill: Okay, Chris. You're right, we won't give a guide for '25 specifically, but we do think that DRAM -- even outside of HBM, we do think that DRAM will put new capacity in place, so we expect investment in DRAM. There has been additions in wafer start capacity in DRAM, and there's more allocation of the DRAM capacity to HBM as you sort of highlight. So, the investment level there is higher than NAND. Looking forward to NAND, NAND still remains fairly low, but we did see, as I highlighted, utilizations improving. I would call them probably normal range for both DRAM and NAND. We see prices improve. We saw inventory positions improve at the vendors. So, we think it's a more positive environment looking forward than prior quarters for actually both memory technologies.
Brice Hill: Hi, Joe. Yes, thank you. Services business, very exciting for us. We grew 8% year-over-year in Q3, 9% is our expectation for Q4. And just a reminder for everybody, we expect low double-digit growth going forward. We're expanding our services book with customers, kind of getting into information, AI-related services that help them ramp et cetera. We actually did expect a little more growth in Q3. We had thought we would grow double-digits this year. We're just short of that, and it's because utilization, while it grew, it grew a little bit less than we -- or a little bit slower than we thought. So, there's good news here. Utilizations are improving across the whole system, 8% year-over-year growth for us, and we expect that to pick up, as I highlighted, as we go into Q3 and looking forward. And just one other comment just for the rest of the investors. The other thing with this business since it's mostly recurring revenue for us about 85%, that gives us a very stable operating profit and growing. And so, we think about our dividend as being enabled by the profits from the services business and that gives us confidence we'll be able to raise our dividend looking forward.
Brice Hill: I think so, Joe. In our forecast, we highlighted that advanced packaging was $1.1 billion last year, should grow to $1.7 billion this year, and we highlighted that $600 million of the growth would come from HBM-related equipment. So, I think you're thinking about it right. It was probably stable this year with HBM, high-bandwidth memory, driving the growth in that area. And again, we would point back to the energy around high performance systems and sort of the race Gary talks about to develop systems optimized for the AI workload. So, there's a lot of energy there at this point. And then just the last thing is we have highlighted that, that total packaging business sort of, to your point, $1.7 billion, we think it has the opportunity to double over several years looking forward given the energy around advanced packaging technologies. So, we'll keep investing there.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thank you, Toshiya. I'll start on that. So, 47.4% gross margin for us in the quarter. We're actually very pleased with our performance in cost and pricing this quarter. And I'll just highlight as our mix to China, which are generally smaller customers declined during the quarter to 32%, that gave us some headwinds on the gross margin side. We were able to get some pricing performance and also some cost improvements and improvements in managing our inventory that helped us offset that mix decline and deliver 47.4% in the quarter. Since the China mix is 32%, we call that normal. I'll say now that 47.4% should be approximately our baseline level. And then, we look forward, we've talked about a goal of getting to 48% or higher next year, that's still our goal. We think we can make improvements going forward. There's a couple of headwinds if services or display grow faster than the core business that can be a headwind. But that's still our goal and we think we'll make -- continue to make cost and pricing improvements. And then, Gary on the...
Brice Hill: Okay, Charles. Thanks for joining. I think I would separate between ICAPS, the edge technology markets and the DRAM market for China. We had three quarters with elevated shipments that we described where we caught up on what was allowed from a DRAM perspective. If you separate that out, we're currently not expecting that to repeat at least nothing near that magnitude for next year. So that leaves us with the ICAPS market. And what we expect in the ICAPS market, our Q3 and Q4 and all of this year has been very strong in ICAPS. When we look at China in particular, utilizations are improving. We're adding customers. We've got a large number of factory projects that are building out. So, if you strip out your estimate for those extraordinary DRAM shipments the last three quarters, our expectation over time is that the ICAPS market will grow. We say mid- to high-single-digits. We will make a call for next year, but we would expect growth over time.
Brice Hill: Yes. TSMC was a 10% customer in Q3 and we think obviously they're a large part of that leading-edge investment when we think about the gate-all-around technologies and lot of the energy being driven there as we look forward. One of the other callers talked about the need for innovation and Gary talked about the need for innovation on leading-edge. There's a lot of energy around that. We see acceleration each quarter on -- of this year on leading-edge and really haven't changed our outlook as we've moved through the year.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Blayne. So, in the quarter, we did see strength in both end markets, leading-logic and ICAPS. Leading-logic is accelerating every quarter this year and we said ICAPS is very strong and continues to be strong throughout the year. This will probably be a record year for us in ICAPS for our fiscal year anyway. And so, leading-logic is accelerating based on the gate-all-around investments and the AI trends that we're talking about. And then, ICAPS, the mid- to high-single-digits was a longer-term forecast. We've had utilizations improving. And when we think about that market, we don't give a guide for next year, but we think there will be continued growth in the mid- to high-single-digits as all those different end markets like AI sensors, electrification, autonomous vehicles, renewable energy, all those end markets continue to build out and grow faster than GDP. That's our expectation.
Brice Hill: No, I would just say that two of our regions grew during this Q3. So, if the question is, is there investment in other areas of the world? Absolutely. And we expect that to continue. Thanks for the question, Jed.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Mehdi. So, the update -- the gross margin at 47.4%, we expect to make -- we talked about very gradual improvements as we work towards that 48%, and that would still be my expectation. You see actually the movement between last quarter and this quarter was modest. We fought those headwinds that we had from a mix perspective. On the EPIC, we did get the notice that we're not getting the grants, but EPIC, that's an important platform for us. It stands for Equipment, Process Innovation and Commercialization. It's going to allow us to accelerate co-innovation with all of our customers. We are continuing with that investment. It will elevate our CapEx as we look forward. And we are benefiting from the investment tax credit that's related to those types of projects. So, we still do have some help from the government from that perspective. And just a couple other modeling notes since we're on CapEx. So, as we look forward, the CapEx will -- for the EPIC center and in general will be at a higher run rate than we've had in the past. If you look forward in your modeling, just wanted to highlight that Q1 will be our normal step-up for pay-related increases and that you can look at the history to see what that step-up should look like if you're modeling that. And then the last piece would be our tax rate. Tax rate next year expectation will be 14% versus the 12.5% this year as more of our mix will be -- more of our worldwide mix will be US related. So that will change the tax mix. So thanks for the opportunity to get those in there.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Mike. From my perspective, I'm pleased that the investments we've been making in the technology roadmap inflections and also in our operational capabilities are showing up in our financial results this quarter on both the revenue and gross margin lines. I believe we put the company in a great position to grow along with megatrends like datacenter AI as a whole host of new technologies come to market across leading-edge, foundry-logic, DRAM, advanced packaging and ICAPS specialty chips. We have the fuel we need to keep driving the materials engineering roadmap with our customers, while also distributing profits to our shareholders through dividends and buybacks. Gary will be at the Goldman Sachs Conference in San Francisco on September 11, and I hope to see many of you at the Citi Conference in New York on September 4. Mike, thank you, and please close the call.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Joe. Just maybe a little bit more color. If you look at what really all of our customers are focused on, there is a race for these new device architectures and the complexity is going up a significant. And in the prepared remarks, I talked about, about 30% of our tools are these integrated platforms that have a high degree of complexity. So, as these customers are racing to bring these new devices, complex devices to market, and also we're shipping more and more of these integrated platforms with multiple technologies, that also gives us a really good tailwind.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, Toshiya, again, our focus is really to enable our customers to accelerate their innovations for these new architectures especially around AI datacenter. That datacenter will pass smartphones and PCs relative to wafer starts. Everybody is focused on energy-efficient computing. So, these inflections are incredibly important for the entire ecosystem. Whoever gets there first wins big and everybody else is left behind. So, we're driving tremendous innovations in foundry-logic, leading-edge, high-bandwidth memory, DRAM, there's new architecture inflections, I talked about 4F-squared, advanced packaging. So, our positions in all of those inflections are very strong. We're on track to capture more than 50% of the inflection spending as those new devices ramp. And our goal is to move the needle for our customers and for Applied, and that includes how we drive value for them and how we drive our margins higher.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Harlan. Thanks for the question. So, heterogeneous integration is one of the biggest areas of focus for Applied and for the entire industry. At our AI event, along with AMD at SEMICON, there was a discussion around driving 100x improvement in energy-efficient computing. So again, this is the big race that everybody is focused on, and certainly packaging is a key part of that. So, we're in deep engagements, really multiple technology nodes, five, 10 years out into the future, and there's going to be tremendous innovations. If you look even at new DRAM technologies like 4F-squared or high-bandwidth memory, you're going to see adoption of hybrid bonding technologies that are going to be really important for those parts of this ecosystem. And you mentioned what's happening from a logic standpoint. So, I think the great thing for Applied is we have this broad portfolio in packaging. We have, as you mentioned, the hybrid bonding, digital lithography. We have other new technologies in the pipeline that even expand our portfolio further. We have an advanced full flow packaging lab in Singapore, where we're driving co-innovation with our customers to accelerate those architecture inflections. So, I think this is going to be one of the most exciting segments of the market going forward. We're at about $1.7 billion today. We've talked about doubling the packaging revenue over the next few years. And I think it's going to keep going from there. Again, this is a really key part of the industry drive for energy-efficient computing.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Jed. Yeah. So, ICAPS, we're very bullish on ICAPS longer term. Brice talked about kind of mid-, high-single-digit growth rates in ICAPS over time, growth driven by all of those different segments, IoT, industrial automation, robotics, really edge computing also for AI, we think that's going to be a really strong business over -- I think many of the people on the call know that over five years ago, it's actually April 12, 2019, we formed our ICAPS group. And since we formed that group, just to focus on that market for IoT, communication, auto power and sensors, we've had share gains in that market. We've introduced more than 20 major new ICAPS products. And this group is just completely focused on innovation in those device segments. And there are races that are happening there. Your comment on what's happening on the different device segments, if you look at power electronics, there will be some major architecture inflections that will happen there that are important for electric vehicles and renewable energy. And we have an ICAPS architecture innovation group working -- co-innovating with our customers on those new ICAPS architectures. That's part of the strategy that we've built over the last five years. We have new products that are in the pipeline that will serve large ICAPS' new segments and new products for cost competitive applications. So again, it's been a big focus for us over a number of years. We've built tremendous capabilities. From a service standpoint, ICAPS is also a good market for us, and that's part of that overall growth opportunity for us, not only on systems where we've gained a significant amount of share. I'm very positive on how we're positioned. The actions that we've taken, I think really position us going forward in ICAPS. Brice, I don't know if you want to add anything else.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, Mehdi, this is Gary. Maybe just a little bit more color on EPIC. As we've talked about, the whole industry is in a race to be first to market to deliver innovations for energy efficient computing. So, we -- in discussions with our partners, our customers and partners, we really believe that EPIC can enable us to innovate the way we innovate, really innovate in parallel, so accelerating both for our customers and partners and for Applied, our ability to bring those energy-efficient innovations to market. So, the concept we're getting tremendous traction and pull with our customers and partners. And we also think of EPIC as a global platform. So, where we make investments is going to be based on incentives, talents, proximity to innovation ecosystem. So, we are moving forward for sure with this EPIC concept. Very good traction with customers. And again, over the last several years, we've built out this innovation engine inside Applied Materials. We have architecture innovation teams that are working on ICAPS. They're working on foundry-logic and DRAM and packaging. We have this unique and connected portfolio of materials innovations that are crucial for all of those major inflections. So, EPIC is a way for us to innovate the way we innovate to move all of that in parallel to accelerate all of these major inflections that are crucial for AI, datacenter and all those major tectonic shifts in technology that we talked about earlier. But again, where we invest is going to be based on incentives, talent and proximity to local innovation ecosystem.
