Michael R. Splinter: Sure. Thanks, Krish. I think we've seen the SSG business be quite seasonal and orders have been starting to show up in Q1 for the last few years. And, kind of, the order and revenue pattern has been, at least in our fiscal year, stronger in Q2, Q3; weaker in Q1 and Q4. I think this is quite a similar pattern to that, and the uptick is primarily in foundry and logic spending.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, thanks. When we look at wafer fab equipment spending for all of '13, it's a little bit hard to tell right now what the second half will look like. I really think the big part of that is how the macro environment plays out, economic environment plays out and, more specifically, how well PCs do in that environment because that could stoke spending, both in logic and DRAM for the second half. The first half, we will see logic increase, as I mentioned, but we'll also see the foundry spending profile. And as I said, that for us is second quarter and third quarter of our fiscal year. So that kind of plays in -- cuts across first half and second half calendar year, but generally stronger in the first half. Overall, I would say, as we look at the total WFE, we think it will be weaker next year based on lower foundry and logic spending.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. I think, actually, we would say, from our projection -- our original projection last quarter was that we thought WFE for 2013 was going to be a little bit stronger, especially in logic. I think we've lowered our expectations on growth in logic spending. I think our expectations on foundry are pretty much where they were. We thought that it would be down off a high peak in 2012. Now the -- if we look at our seasonality picture that we've seen now for 2 years in a row, we start to see orders grow for SSG products in Q1. We believe that's what we're seeing today. It is not -- we don't believe it will be as accentuated as it was last year with such a high peak in Q2 and dropping in Q3. A little hard to tell right now, but maybe a little more muted trend than we saw last year.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, Jim, I think we really try to go out and talk to the customers and understand what their investment profile is. We really do take this item seriously because we have to plan our business around where we believe wafer fab equipment spending is going to end up. And I think that's the primary aspect. But I think, overall, our planning team has a good approach to figure out really what the puts and takes are on figuring out what's driving the market as well. When you think you have negative PC growth, I think, there's an aspect to the logic spending that we have to take into consideration and how much impact that then has in particular on DRAM spending. George, I don't know if you'd add anything to that.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. I think maybe I can be helpful if I look at the top end of the range and the bottom end of the range. On the top end of the range, we would have to see a return of strength in PCs, a big -- pretty big uptake in ultrabooks. I think that's possible. There's some compelling models out there. That would drive increase in logic and DRAM spending. And then we would expect 3D NAND to come in a little stronger probably than we're projecting right now, as that technology gets ready for production. On the downside, I would say, first of all, on the downside, we would have to expect that the overall world economy is not good and not as maybe as good as it is today. And then continued slide in PC sales, which we're not expecting in our current model. I think that would be the big aspects. And then when you look at the segments inside of spending, we think foundry and logic spending are going to be down modestly next year, kind of in that 10% range. And then memory spending is pretty much going to be flattish at a low level of 25% to 30% of overall wafer fab equipment spending. With some bias, that NAND spending could go up later in the year, but I think it's too early to call that.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, it kind of gets down to specific customer expectations. I would just say that it's primarily -- the seasonality is still primarily consumer driven, smartphone driven, consumer cycle driven. And so, as much capacity increase that's needed in that area will likely will see those sales, orders and sales in the first half of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: For us, on NAND, the issue is that right now, our bit growth projection is about 50%. And to really get a need for increased wafer capacity, we believe you have to get that bit growth above 70%. So that's the reason that we do see that supply and demand is coming. Customers have taken actions to get supply and demand into much, much better balance in flash memory. But our thinking is that they're going to be able to achieve a 50% bit growth through technology improvements, moving to the next generation of technology as opposed to building new factories and facilitizing those factories and adding wafer starts. We'd love to see solid-state drives really take off next year. That could happen with ultrabooks. And that would certainly drive that bit growth above 70% and then require more investment there. But that's kind of our rationale that, I think, is consistent with the view. .
Michael R. Splinter: I think it's way too early to forecast the back half of 2013 right now. There's just too many puts and takes. If capacity demand was all about smartphones and consumer products, I think we could make a better projection. But I think there's a real chance for Windows 8 PCs to be stronger in the year and therefore drive more spending, which would change the profile half-over-half. Other than that, I think, memory spending, it's kind of chugging along the bottom. And I don't think the fluctuations are going to be that great other than, as I said, we could see strengthening in NAND the second half of the year. But I don't think it's going to be a big impact on the seasonality or variability in the first half of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, nominally, it -- our SSG revenue will follow wafer fab equipment, plus whatever share gains that we have. And we feel quite bullish about 20-nanometer. But 20-nanometer is going to be maybe 25,000 or 30,000 wafer starts in 2013. So we'd see that in that latter part of the -- of that effect in the latter part of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Thanks, Patrick. We see 3D NAND really as a great opportunity for us. On this multilevel, stack type of process, there are many very precise film deposition steps where we have leadership and some additional high aspect ratio etching also, where we've had good customer pull, additional CMP steps. So overall, the 3D NAND we see as an opportunity that can grow our available market more than 25%. So we look at this as really, really a great opportunity. It's really in the sweet spot of our precision materials engineering and our leadership and deposition.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, good question. So the double or quad patterning does represent an opportunity for us in that many of the patterning films, we have a very strong position. So we see that as an opportunity, and we also have some pull from customers in etch for some of these films. But certainly, the deposition side of it is a good opportunity. And again, some incremental opportunity in the patterning etch.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, we do think that TV investment is back. As you know, the last couple of years, that our business has been sustained primarily by mobile investments. And the thing is that's happening now for us is that there's a lot of technology change happening. So that as we look to this next phase of investment, our TAM should be about 30% higher than it was in the previous investment cycle, as customers go for metal oxide transistors on the backplane, or they're going to go for LTPS with organic LED displays. So I think this is an area that, after quite an extended downturn, is starting to come back.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, as we said, if WFE is down, we would expect SSG revenues to follow that, Mehdi. This is the -- well, we're not making a full year revenue projection at this time because our visibility in the second half isn't what we would like it at this time. We do see that we are in, again, the seasonal pattern that we've seen the last few years. We're still in a market where solar is depressed and wafer starts and utilization are not good in semiconductor factories. So we'll see a dip in service in this first quarter. But then we think as utilization improves throughout the year, service should get better. So all in all, unless we see a recovery of the market, we won't grow in 2013.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. I think what we believe right now is that we'll finish 2012 pretty close to 200,000 wafer starts per month in 28-nanometer -- that's kind of the combination node. And we'll see 75,000 to 100,000 incremental wafer starts in 2013. That's basically how we're modeling the -- 2013.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, I think that's a pretty good assessment of what we're thinking, in that neighborhood. The capital intensity is quite a bit higher at 20.
Michael R. Splinter: Certainly, if we're gaining share and -- the business can grow. We're not making a projection at this point, for the year. And I'm sure your question is really based on a calendar year approach, which we're really not ready to look at the second half of 2013 at this point. But we think we have a strong position in 20, we think we should be seeing those share gains materialize as 20-nanometer really starts to ramp. And then...
Michael R. Splinter: Yes, I think that depends really on the end market. I don't think we're prepared to make a 5-year forecast on WFE today. Certainly, if the market continues strong, capital intensity is improving, that would tend to make you think that WFE is going to increase modestly over the next few years and there could be a peak in that cycle due to certain investment. But I think it's too early to make a projection that far out.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, first of all -- the first thing that it will create is a new buildout in 450 because you have to replace all the equipment at some point in the future, depending on a lot of factors, then the capital efficiency will be what it is. But for right now, we're very focused on 300-millimeter share gain. This is the most important thing to our company. It's the most important thing to our customers. They're trying -- these next few generations of technology have very difficult inflection points. We have to make sure we're helping them get the performance and the cost out of their products in these next few generations. And that's where we're spending all of our time focused on.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes. Maybe let me talk about etch overall. We're shifting our R&D investment in etch to areas where we have the largest opportunities and focusing on areas where we have the most pull from customer -- customers and the highest probability of success. Etch is a large multi-segment market. The strongest position for us is in conductor etch, where we have differentiated technology leading to new penetrations that give us a great opportunity to grow share. There are some applications. Again, etch has many different segments. There are some applications within dielectric where we have a strong position. We're seeing very strong pull from customers. And we definitely will pursue those. But the biggest opportunity for us is in conductor etch. I'd also like to say about the team -- is we've added some major additions to this organization. I really like working with this team and believe we have a great opportunity to grow share in this market.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes. Let me just give an overview. As we talked about earlier, we've made significant reductions in OpEx to focus on growing our share in wafer fab equipment. And as I said earlier, this is the #1 focus for the company. If you look at what is going to happen over the next 2 years that will have a big impact on our performance, it's really the 20-nanometer transition. And this transition is really focused on the transistor, low leakage, low power, high performance. And this is in the sweet spot of our leadership in transistor equipment technology. As I said earlier, we anticipate in this transition, significant growth in Epi, PVD, implant and inspection in this 20-nanometer transition. The transition creates a great opportunity for us to grow our available market and increase share. We also -- there are also a number of other device technology inflections that are good for Applied, and this is where the majority of our spending is being focused. Within SSG, we've shifted a large amount of R&D dollars to focus on areas with the best returns, some of those we talked about earlier in the call. So I would say, again, overall, I'm optimistic -- very optimistic with the major transition that will impact our business being right in the sweet spot of our leadership position. And overall, I think we have a great opportunity to grow share. I don't -- we're not going to give specific market share goals in all of the different segments. But I do believe, based on customer pull and penetrations that we're making, that we have a good opportunity to grow share in those businesses.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes. Again, the 20-nanometer is really the major focus over the next couple of years. It will -- some 20-nanometer investment will hit towards the end of 2013, the majority in 2014. And as I said, it's really focused on the transistor, and this is where we have clear leadership in a number of different enabling products. So we've seen record performance in Epi, best performance in PVD in a decade. Certainly, there are more steps that are being added in this 20 -- the full adoption of high-k gate-last 20-nanometer processes that will fuel significant growth in those businesses. Implants and inspection, also, we have a really good position in 20-nanometer based on our DTOR positions with customers. So that's really the major focus for us and the major opportunity for us. And as I said, it's a more than 30% increase in our available market and really right in the leadership areas that we have as a company. So we look at this as being one of the best transitions that's happened for Applied Materials in many, many, many years.
Gary E. Dickerson: Well, as we -- as Mike talked about earlier today, we certainly anticipate that end market demand is going to continue to increase over time. And we can add about $100 million per gigawatt of new capacity, given a reasonable market. This can be a good business for Applied Materials. We have a strong position in technology to enable higher cell efficiency, enabling lower cost per lot, and a real advantage in products that are important to making this happen. The spending reductions -- there's always a balance in these types of situations. We clearly understand that we need to reduce the drag on earnings, impact on the company overall. But we also want to be investing when this market returns. We have a very strong position, and we still think this can be a good business for us.
Gary E. Dickerson: Okay, in -- I would start by saying I've never seen a business with more customer pull than our PDC business. And we're shifting our investment into areas where we have the largest opportunities and most pull from customers. The areas that we're making incremental penetrations are in inspection and logic, foundry and memory, especially in logic and foundry, we see some traction. So that would be the area, I think, that is the biggest opportunity for us. But again, in my career, I've never seen a market or a business with more customer pull than the PDC business.
Gary E. Dickerson: Sure. Yes, no, as I said, again, 20-nanometer is really our primary focus and certainly will be a really big opportunity for Applied Materials. And this is, as I said, really all about the transistor, low leakage, low power, high performance and really in a sweet spot of where we have leadership in transistor equipment technology. So we see ourselves as being very well-positioned. The pull from customers is very, very strong, since we have a lot of the enabling technology for that transition. And we're in a good position. I would say, in terms of the DTOR positions, we're very, very optimistic. And again, overall, this is a great opportunity for Applied Materials.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes, I think we can't comment on what other people are saying. But what we do know is the pull that we have from customers, the penetrations that we're making in the market and the opportunities that we have with all of that from what we see directly from our customers, we think we have a good opportunity to grow our share.
Gary E. Dickerson: I guess one other thing I would say is that, again, our #1 focus is to grow wafer fab equipment market share. There are a number of inflections that are coming over the next several years. Certainly, 20-nanometer, as we said, is all about the transistor, where we have leadership. Thin fab is also focused on the transistor and a good opportunity to grow our available market and share. 3D NAND, there are multiple film deposition steps that require extreme precision. And that's another area that's a good opportunity for us. And I would say also, longer term, what we're seeing is an increase in changes in device technology around new materials that really leverage our leadership in precision materials engineering and create a great opportunity for Applied Materials.
Gary E. Dickerson: No, the only other thing I would point out is the $30 million includes both solar and Web. So the solar OpEx number is actually less than that.
Gary E. Dickerson: Well, again, if you look at the inflections, as I said before, it really is right in the sweet spot of our leadership in the transistor and materials engineering. So again, 20-nanometer, FinFET, is all about the transistor. And the 3D memory is also a number of new materials where we have leadership. So I think -- and this is over the next several years. If you look at what technologies people will be introducing beyond the next several years, I think this trend towards materials being critical to enable the device performance and customer differentiation is going to increase and create a great opportunity for us. And I'd say it's not just in the semiconductor business, as Mike talked about, and I had in the script earlier in Display, we're seeing an increase in the materials that we will deliver in the Display industry and increase our available market by more than 30%. So I think this trend is one that hasn't happened to Applied in many, many years and creates a great opportunity for us going forward.
George S. Davis: No, I think -- I appreciate the comment. And one of the things that we see -- we tend to have an extra month because we have fiscal quarters. And we often will see a change in the order pattern and we try and get it out as quickly as we can. And I think that's what you saw at SEMICON. And we wish we had better news back then. We wish we hadn't been right but...
George S. Davis: Our real focus right now is on making sure that we're fully funding the growth opportunities that we see. I think Gary laid out pretty clearly also the opportunities that we see to gain market share over the next 12 to 18 months. And we want to make sure that funding is not the issue there. So we are taking significant actions. We do think, as we said, that it frees up $200 million of investable funds relative to what we saw in 2012. Now some of that will net out at the end of the day, but we would expect really all of the -- for planning purposes, I would expect all of the restructuring savings to go back into spending.
George S. Davis: And when you look back to 2012 and the forecasts that were coming out, it really was a bottoms-up talking to our customers and to the signals that our account teams were seeing. And what you saw is in the second half of the year, customers pulled back. And everybody was very encouraged by the smartphone growth expectations for the year, tablet growth expectations. And what you just didn't see was bit growth within the device. And so you just didn't get the growth, particularly with a week, solid-state drive market in '12 that people have hoped for. And that's the world we're kind of entering 2013 with.
George S. Davis: We still see memory orders combined less than 20% of the expected orders for our Q1. Actually, memory or DRAM will be up quarter-over-quarter but it's off such a low base, it's just not material to the overall outlook.
George S. Davis: Yes. This is George. If you look at year-over-year, foundry will still be far and away the strongest part of the demand from our customers. But it will be down. And our expectation today is that overall foundry spending will still be down and is a contributor to the reduction overall in WFE.
George S. Davis: When we set the models for performance at the last meeting or at the last analyst meeting, we had brought the models down somewhat in semiconductor to reflect the expected increase in spending. I think, overall, we'll still be operating within our model range as a company, both at the segment and at the overall level.
George S. Davis: It could be if SSG is down. And you're right, we're starting with a very low absolute level of backlog in SSG. One of the things to remember that is different in the foundry-LED world, the turns business that we see in SSG is -- has grown over time. So you can have a quarter where 70% of your orders were booked and shipped within the existing quarter. So I think we really have to see to what extent foundry spends this year relative to last year. The heavier the foundry spending, obviously, the more rapidly you'll see a closing between growth and the backlog. And even within, I think, logic, if PC -- confidence in the PC market goes up, I think, you could see a relatively short term between orders and shipment of tools in that space as well.
George S. Davis: That's correct. That's $200 million '13 versus '12. Right. And so what you'll see is with the redeployment, '13 and '12, from a modeling assumption, you can leave your OpEx pretty flat.
George S. Davis: First off, hey, welcome back, Tim, nice to have you on the call. In terms of the right-sizing for solar, this is something, obviously, that we look long and hard at. And we've taken a significant reduction in our costs in that area over the last 2 years accelerating this year. And so the spending that you're seeing there is really for our core leadership positions in a very select set of technologies that we think are going to be the most leveraging to our customers' technology roadmaps going forward. We think it's a growth market that's important. We think it's something that will ultimately differentiate Applied in its ability to grow. And so, I think, at $30 million, we're pretty much where we think we need to be, given our outlook for the market and what we need to sustain our capabilities. Gary, I don't know if you wanted to add anything to that.
