Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining Applied’s Third Quarter of Fiscal 2022 Earnings Call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. Applied plans to host our Services Master Class five weeks from today on Thursday, May 26th at 9 o’clock Pacific Time. We will describe the market opportunity for our Services business, explain why 87% of AGS revenue is truly recurring and give you the growth formula for the business through our 2024 financial model horizon and beyond. We hope you will join team members of our global services team for presentations and Q&A. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today’s call. If you have another question, please re-queue and we will do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Yeah. Hey, Harlan. It’s Mike. I think that earlier I gave the right timing for the next Master Class. It’s in five weeks from today, but I think I heard myself say May 26, which is the last date. It’s September 22nd, of course. So thank you.
Michael Sullivan: A replay of the call is going to be available on our website -- I’d like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on our website by 5 o’clock Pacific Time today and we would like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Good afternoon, C.J. It’s Brice. Just -- yeah, good question on supply constraints and timing versus the demand environment, et cetera. So let me explain what we have done the last couple of weeks. We just went through a cycle where we reconfirmed all of our 2023 demand with our customers. Something we do once or twice per quarter on a regular basis and it gives the customer base a chance to signal if they want to make changes, they want to make adds, they want to make drops, and in a constrained environment, that lets us balance our supply across the customer base in the best way. So we have just completed that. And there are a number of changes, but what we see for 2023 and the next three-plus quarters, as we said in our initial comments, is that demand is still significantly above our ability to supply, but we have got the confidence that we just reconfirmed all of that. And then when we think about supply, our comments -- we have invested significantly in the supply chain. So we are working to identify issues and loosen the supply chain and solve problems in the supply chain both at our direct suppliers and our secondary suppliers. So our expectation is that, we will increase output for the next several quarters and continue to work on that backlog, which as you highlighted, has been -- has continued to grow.
Brice Hill: Yeah. I know Gary is going to comment. I will just make a quick comment, Mark. When we go out and test the backlog with the customers, if they want to make changes a lot of times, that’s a mutually beneficial change. We have another customer that’s interested in taking the tool, because the demand is exceeding supply at this point. So the first thing we do is try to accommodate those changes. We are not trying to demand the customers stay on the schedule that they have, et cetera. So we try to be flexible. And that was really the point of going out and retesting and re-verifying all of the demand that we have across the customer base. So, Gary, you may want to add to that.
Brice Hill: Hi, Vivek. It’s Brice. So to reconcile those two, I think the first thing to be clear on from our side is that, demand for the next several quarters, three-plus is far higher than supply. So we are going to concentrate, like, we say, on increasing our supply and we will do our best to do that over the next several quarters and that’s our expectation is demand will stay above where we can supply across that time period. So I think someone said it before that we are under serving the market so far that such that if there’s a change in demand, it’s still above where our supply line is. That’s the perspective we have. And if you think about or if you are asking about 2023, like we said, it’s too early to make a call on 2023. But what we would point out is different areas of the market, sure, are having some weakness, some inventory issues. Other areas are very strong and are on schedule to build the processes that they need for customer products that are also on schedule. So we think those puts and takes more or less will continue the demand signal for us into next year.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Exactly right, Stacy. This is Brice. Definitely, the backlog is increasing, and definitely, the foundry/logic backlog is the strongest -- yeah, strongest component of that in terms of orders and adds to our order book. I’d say that’s good. We know there has been reductions on the memory side. I don’t actually know if the memory side is down in total overall. But I think that’s a fair way to look at it. Some customers have reduced backlog on memory, but overall foundry/logic and some of the ICAPS customers are driving an outweighing increase on the positive side.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Atif. Yeah. First of all, we did get the same notice as our peers did on that. So that is sub-14-nanometer shipments to China customers, and it did not impact our July quarter and very small for October quarter, and that’s included in our guidance. So that part is clear. And we will work to make sure that we are in full compliance with all the changes on trade rules as we always have. So, but nothing significant in July or October periods. And then could you repeat the Display question…
Brice Hill: Sure. Thanks, Krish. So the first thing, just to remind investors, you kind of made the point in the question about our backlog. We do have, as you said, a large backlog and we expect for the next three plus quarters, we will just be working on raising our output and serving that backlog. But if you want to do a what if, if revenue goes down or if WFE goes down, the first thing I would remind investors also is that our Services business doesn’t fluctuate or correlate 100% with WFE. It’s driven off our installed base, which grows every time we ship a tool and the utilization across the entire factory network that we are serving transactional, spares and subscription service agreements across that. So that portion of our revenue tends to dampen any weakness that we would have from a lower WFE, I would just highlight that for people that are thinking model. So whatever would change on WFE and change on the equipment side, it would be a dampened signal on the Services piece of the business. And then for overall modeling purposes, I would look at probably as a proxy year 2019 to see how the business reacted to a lower revenue environment, where you can look at the margin performance in 2019, which was down 1 point or 2 points and you can look at spending where it was controlled, relatively flat. I think those would be the same sort of reaction the company would be able to implement in that sort of environment if you were doing a what if, which again is in our forecast.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. If I got it there, what we are focused on, the two drivers for that business as you kind of hinted to are really the installed base that grows every time we ship a tool. And then, as you highlighted, our ability to serve that installed base both through transactional support spares and services and then the subscription agreements that we have with customers that offer spares plus insights that we have across the network on how to optimize for yield and how to optimize for capabilities. So I think what we are doing is increasing our portfolio of service offerings that make it more valuable to the customer. It allows them to ramp more quickly, reach higher yields and really benefit from the intelligence that Applied has across the whole ecosystem of tools that they don’t have potentially on their own. I think that’s the focus area for the company and that’s what gives us confidence that as that installed base grows, we will be able to continue to grow our subscription agreements. And just the last piece is, you are right, we have the same analysis on not being 100% correlated with WFE and…
Brice Hill: … even as -- if there’s changes in WFE or weakness in the revenue and the rest of the business, it’s really about the underlying utilization in the factories that exist and the need for services and intelligence in those factories. So I think those are the key drivers.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Joe. Yeah. The way I would think about it, first of all, I think, yes, we have highlighted that demand is higher than our supply level, there’s been changes. I think in total, that demand came down a little bit, but it’s still above what we are able to supply for the out quarters. But I think the way we think about it for a leading-edge foundry is, they are building processes that their customers are building products on and they need to be able to hit those schedules for the customer products. So they are fairly committed to getting that technology in place. And then you are right, the volumes will fluctuate depending on what the market is for those products. But if you are building a logic node for a product two years from now, you are really thinking about what the market is two years from now when you are putting that equipment in place. So it’s not as simple as just looking at the current quarter’s macroeconomic environment, GDP and lowering your demand. You really have to think about that forward looking function. But the dynamics -- you have the dynamics right. We just retested all of the demand for next year and that’s what all the customers are thinking about.
Brice Hill: Sure, Tim. Just two comments, the first is we have definitely expanded the horizon with all of our customers from a planning perspective. They are giving us longer signals than before and giving us the opportunity to engage in the discussion on capacity planning with them. And second, some customers are also giving us a sense that or a promise basically that they will operate within a certain band of capacity. So they are giving us additional confidence to what we should plan for from a high confidence perspective and that’s a little bit different than what we have done before.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Joe. The first part, I guess, I haven’t thought of it like that, but I would say that, we are resilient -- more resilient philosophy or position would play to memory only. And the reasons that I would point to are, first, the backlog that we have talked about, even though memory may be weaker than it was last quarter. We still have significant quarters of backlog for memory customers. So that dynamic is the same and the overall backlog strength is one of the reasons we are saying we are more resilient than in other periods. And the second is the Services business is one of the reasons that we are thinking that we are more resilient and that also applies to memory customers and customers that we service from a spares perspective, et cetera. So I think that also is larger than it has been in the past and is more resilient relative to changes in WFE. And then the last piece, just to make sure for everybody else, I wasn’t implying that 2019 would be the P&L for the company. We won’t go back to 2019, but that it was a good proxy for how gross margin and spending would behave if we were in a weaker environment. So just to clarify that.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Sidney. This is Brice. Yeah. I think one specific driver and one just general observation. The specific driver is most of the downside on our Display business relates to customers in China, so that’s the probably the primary change element. The rest is just the ins and outs normal quarter activity. We don’t think the China market, as we look forward, is any weaker. We think the ICAPS investments that are being made there are largely on schedule, no real change in signal there. So it’s just the ins and outs of having different-sized deliveries in the quarter. It happened to be a quarter overall that was a little smaller than the prior quarter. So we would point to Display and then just general ups and downs for the rest of the change, and just to reiterate, no change on the -- no change because of the trade rules like we said before.
Brice Hill: Okay. Quinn, thanks. On the clarification, there are both -- there are all three events happening with basically all customers, so there’s adds, there’s drops and there’s schedule changes. I think on the memory, there’s more drops than there are adds in the short-term window. So those are cancels and there are plenty of reschedules and there are even some adds for memory. So I hope that clarifies, it’s a mix. But, overall, we would say, memory cycle-over-cycle memory is lower than what it was in the last cycle.
Brice Hill: That part I don’t have off the top. I don’t think we would specify that. So I can’t answer that one.
Brice Hill: That’s a good question, Mehdi. Since it’s been several quarters since we have been at that level. It’s difficult to predict. But we did say, I think, two quarters ago that the supply constraints probably impacted us by $300 million. So I would say that and more if we had zero supply constraints and we would be on a higher curve going forward.
Brice Hill: Well, the changes for inventory, it’s relatively balanced across the both, across the entire inventory ecosystem. But the increase -- I am looking at the number, sorry, right now…
Brice Hill: … relatively balanced, I mean here’s what’s happening on -- here’s what’s happening dynamically. We have a much more raw inventory coming in as we are trying to solve the supply chain issues and 95% or more of our parts are available and we are able to build inventory and that shows up in our WIP in raw material. And on finished goods, what’s happening is we do have material or tools that are complete or nearly complete that are awaiting one part or close to being shipped to customers and that inventory is also growing. So I think it’s relatively balanced across all those components.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Absolutely not. We are still underserved in total relative to the market. So when any customer delays a tool or cancels a tool at this point, we will be moving that inventory and those parts to another customer and we expect that to be the dynamic for the next several quarters plus.
Brice Hill: Yeah. And just to emphasize for everybody, yes, we -- that’s what our perspective is on output. We will be raising our output for the next several quarters and we expect to be able to ship that based on demand being higher than the current supply.
Brice Hill: Yeah. Absolutely. So we have talked about puts and takes, weakness and areas of strength in the market. The overall story is we have multiple quarters of backlog. Job one for us is to increase our output and meet our customer demand as quickly as possible. As we do this, we will incrementally increase both our revenue and gross margin in coming quarters. We are confident in the long-term growth of the semi market and we are working to increase our investments in supply chain, and especially to continue to focus on the R&D to drive the power, performance and area cost road maps of our customers. I look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming conferences. Gary and I will be at the Goldman Sachs conference in San Francisco, and just before that, I will be in New York for the Citi and Evercore events. Okay. Mike, please close.
Gary Dickerson: Hey, C.J., this is Gary. I guess, also relative to supply chain, what we have been, certainly, the zero COVID lockdown in Shanghai, March 28, that set us back relative to overall supply chain. We are continuing to make incremental progress. And I just -- right now we see it still being incremental going forward. We are doing everything we can, making investments, adding manpower, but it’s more incremental, and I think the same thing is true on margins. I think last quarter we said that, we would see incremental progress from where we were and I think that’s really the direction both for supply chain and for margins is more incremental improvement throughout 2022 and going into 2023.
Gary Dickerson: No. I think that’s exactly right. Again, the challenge we face right now, again, many of our customers are really driving major technology inflections. And Mark, I think, you see also, especially in high performance logic, everyone is racing to these new inflections. So we just have tremendous demand from those customers in ICAPS, automotive, industrial automation. So, unfortunately, we are not able to supply to that demand. And as Brice said, memory is weaker, and we try to manage and work with the customers to come up with the right outcome for them and for us.
Gary Dickerson: Hey, Stacy. This is Gary. So also the foundry/logic is an increasing percentage of overall wafer fab equipment. So if you look at the percentages, foundry/logic is really around two-thirds of total wafer fab equipment. And so, certainly, the rates for competitiveness in high performance, you see that with companies making significant investments. ICAPS, you have seen a lot of announcements with companies making long-term investments in the ICAPS capacity. So, certainly, you see that in the increasing percentage of foundry/logic in the overall market. So, yeah, I think that, what Brice said and what you had also asking your question, certainly, foundry/logic is strong and that backlog still, unfortunately, we are not able to meet demand.
Gary Dickerson: Atif, thank for the question. So we are not going to break out the exact amount of our business in China. But Display, most of our Display revenue does come from China and then you have the global customers and the domestic customers. So that’s the -- and you have Systems and Service for all of those different businesses. So not going to break out all of those different percentages, but what I would say is that, and I think we have talked about this before, that by far, the majority of our semi foundry/logic business in China is ICAPS, which is on the trailing nodes.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thank you, Toshiya. So on the CHIPS Act, first, I’d say, just I am very happy to see the CHIPS and Science Act pass and become law. That’s really positive to the United States and the overall industry. And then relative to the investment question that you asked, I would look at it as a small positive tailwind for overall wafer fab equipment spending and really timing-wise starting in late 2023. If you look at the investments, at least the ones that have been announced so far, it’s really in high performance logic, some ICAPS investments, those kinds of things. So as I mentioned earlier, again, two-thirds of wafer fab equipment is in that foundry/logic space today and so that’s going to be incrementally positive going into late 2023 and beyond. Those investments also are time bound. If you look at the incentives, there are certain time frames where the funding is available and investments have to be made. So that creates a higher degree of certainty. I would say, as those companies, I have talked to many of them and as they move to new locations, there is start-up costs and some incremental less efficiency, as they start those fabs and especially for our Service business, that’s an incremental positive. So I think you would see small incremental spending late 2023 and beyond, as all of those investments in those factories are starting up. Over time, Toshiya, I think, really as they -- it really depends on the scale of those factories, a bigger factory is more efficient than a smaller factory and so until they build them out, which will take many, many years, there will be a degree of less efficiency for some period of time. But, again, if you look at it in the grand scale of overall WFE, it’s not a huge tailwind, but it’s definitely a tailwind.
Gary Dickerson: Harlan, just -- yeah. Thanks for reminding people about the Master Class coming up here next month. The one thing that I think has helped us also, so if you -- you talked about 10 years, 11 years. If you go back over that time period, we -- I think close to doubled our percentage of subscription agreements versus transactional. So certainly -- and we have increased the length of those agreements to two and a half years. So that percentage of agreements being so much higher and it’s still growing, that makes that business more resilient. And I think that…
Gary Dickerson: … also relative to the environment we have been in, where everybody is focused with chip shortages, producing good chips out, it really has also highlighted more value in our services. Things like managed part services, where people have the parts available versus competing for what’s available from a transactional perspective, along with all the things that Brice talked about. I think that’s really helped highlight the value of these longer term subscription agreements for our customers.
Gary Dickerson: Hey, Tim. This is Gary. I would say one other thing that is helping us in this timeframe. If you look at the relative investment for the upcoming inflections, more of the dollars are going to new materials and new structures. Gate-all-around, we talked about that in the Master Class. Wiring for interconnect from 7 to 3 goes up, I think, 3X dollars per wafer as you go, you have -- go to the 3-nanometer node, there’s more steps. We have these Integrated Material Solutions that combine seven technologies on one integrated platform to lower the wiring resistance by 50%. Backside power distribution, if you look at what one of our customers said recently, they talked about significant increase in materials and structures relative to power performance for them going to their future technology nodes. Backside power distribution is another one that’s a significant inflection. You can reduce the area up to 30% without shrinking the features by placing some of the structures on the backside of the wafer. So, again, for us, that relative contribution and the relative investment in our types of technologies is going up and that’s another thing that’s helping us.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Joe, this is Gary. I think, if you say what’s changed or what’s the same and what’s changed? Certainly, the percentage of foundry/logic is significantly higher than it was back in that timeframe. Again, it’s tracking around two-thirds. There’s this race for leadership in high performance logic and significant investments that are happening in that part of the market. And we see customers -- our customers announcing longer term agreements with their customers and that’s something that we didn’t see back in that timeframe. So I think the foundry/logic percentage and the relative strength there is definitely different than, certainly than it was in the 2019 time frame relative to the overall wafer fab equipment market.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Patrick. Thanks for the question. No. ICAPS is very strong for our -- ICAPS is very strong overall for the company. PDC is up 67% in 2021 and we are up almost 40% in fiscal 2022. What I would say, relative to the breakdown of the different markets, certainly, it’s stronger in high performance logic than in any other part of the market. Although, we are seeing growth in memory and we are definitely also seeing growth in ICAPS. The biggest thing for us, if you look at our PDC business last year, eBeam pretty much doubled. So we have vertical integration with our electron optics, leadership in resolution and imaging technologies and that business is also very, very strong into 2022 and then also going forward. We are seeing incremental strength also in optical inspection and we believe we will outperform the overall market in optical inspection and overall PDC has a really strong tie to PPACt inflections. So when you look at gate-all-around or some of these other big inflections, our unique imaging capability enables us to map out those processes in fingerprints faster and better than anyone else. So that synergy, not only do we see really strong growth in PDC, but real strong synergy with the rest of our semi portfolio.
