Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Dustin. Today, we will discuss the results for our third quarter ending July 28. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Mike Splinter, Gary Dickerson, and Bob Halliday. But first, let me remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements including the company’s current view of its industry outlooks, growth opportunities, product, share and profitability targets and Q4 business outlook. These statements are known to contain unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied and they should be interpreted in that light. Information concerning the risk factors is contained in our company’s SEC filings including our most recent Form 10-Q. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today’s earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings presentation, both of which are available on the Investor page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Mike Splinter. 
Michael Sullivan: Thanks Bob. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Dustin, let’s please begin. 
Michael Sullivan: We would like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A reply of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials. 
Gary Dickerson: Thanks Mike. I’m honored and excited to be given the opportunity to lead this great company into the future. On behalf of the execute team employed I would like to thank mike for his decade of service as CEO. Today thanks to Mike’s leadership Applied enjoys a strong foundation than ever before on which to build momentum for profitable growth. I really believe that our opportunities have never been greater and I’m excited to have the chance to lead applied materials into a new era of growth and success. 
Gary Dickerson: Well, certainly in the etch market as I talked about earlier, we have some very, very strong technology around some major inflections. And we are penetrating logic, foundry, and memory customers with that new technology, so that certainly is one of our major areas of focus. We also in other areas like CVD, we are bringing to market new technology targeted at inflections, and we also have very strong pull from technology leading customers for these products. And so we believe and CVD will build momentum for share gains in 2014 and 2015 with some of these products and new applications. So, that’s another area, but I would also say that as I mentioned we are increasing 300-millimeter R&D by $170 million run rate well along with some on the field support. And that really is translating into a great technology pipeline. So, it’s certainly not just etch and CVD there are other areas where we have disruptive technology, but those are two of the prime areas. 
Gary Dickerson: Well, number one I wouldn’t say the gross margin is being sacrificed in the process diagnostic space. That’s actually one of our highest gross margin businesses in the whole company, very good gross margins, very profitable. And if I look out over the next few quarters that business is extremely profitable. In terms of the etch business, we have confidence in share based on what’s happening with customers. We have strong poll in foundries for new applications and extremely strong poll in NAND technologies both for planer and especially as I said earlier for a 3D NAND. So, that is very strong. We know what the pricing is there. Again it is that one is at the lower end in terms of our gross margins today, but there is a lot of leverage as we grow that business. Also as I said, we have very strong technology around future inflections. We are working with all of the leading semiconductor companies in areas that have potential for extremely high growth. So, that’s why we are optimistic on that business. Mike, you could also maybe give some color you have been in this for a while and maybe give a perspective on where we are today versus where we have been over the last 10 years. 
Gary Dickerson: So in terms of visibility, one particular customer is leading the pack relative to the transition from planar to 3D NAND. They are very positive on the reliability and cost and moving forward very quickly. Visibility there relative to moving from development tool of record positions to production tool of record positions is very clear, that's happening. And as I said we’re very positive on what's happening in that transition and maybe even it's little better than what we had expected. Relative to the other customers, the timing for the transition from planar to 3D NAND is little a behind the first customer I don't know that we want to comment right now on exactly when that transition would happen but definitely behind the first customer, we’re working with those other customers on the technology development and we're also very optimistic in our opportunities as those customers make that transition. 
Gary Dickerson: Sure. I think the opportunity on AGS is a pretty good revenue opportunity which drops down a high percentage of that drops down. So if you look at that business we sell a lot of spare parts, our own tools. So I think we could probably hold better share in that business and that's a function of sourcing correct – optimizing programs with customers and internal alignment on how that you do that when you first design the tools and then also as the tools released. I look at that as a really good opportunity, because the drop from profit in that business is pretty good. It’s also a really good cash flow business frankly, because the operating expenses once you set up the infrastructure are pretty low incremental cost. I like that business a lot. I think we got to implement some of things, which we are working on right now, again, good coordination internally. And we just keep chopping away at it, hacking away at it, or building one maybe that’s the right word, because I think it’s more of a building revenue thing on this side. 
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Most of it are approximately one year, still the somewhat of an incremental expense, but the leverage on these things is pretty high, because remember, when you put an eval tool into a fab, the customer mix just as big in economic commitment as we do. So, it is a really positive indicator that they are going to buy your tools in some volumes. So, we kind of like high leverage eval tools. The cost of these is not here, it’s sort of in the marketing budget we talked about in terms of investing and most of these are in that forecast. 
Mike Splinter: Maybe I can comment from the industry standpoint, I think the foundry spending profile was quite predictable and pretty much in third calendar quarter is following what happened very similarly over the last three quarters. I think there is a fair difference as we look into our Q1 or into the fourth calendar quarter, we think foundry spending will pick up as they start driving towards their 20-nanometer nodes and/or it might be teen nodes for some suppliers and we’ll have a littler broader investment by a broader number of customers. I think if there is any modest surprise, it’s around a little higher memory investment in the second half of the year, Jim, but I think the foundry spending was pretty predictable. 
Mike Splinter: Yes, I think the hedge is what’s going to happen with the PC market exiting the year and going into 2014. If it was just the mobility market, we can see the compounded annual growth rate of bps per box, that’s been pretty aggressive, but it’s tempered by what’s been happening in PCs. So, if I knew what was happening in PCs, I’d be more confident that we’d say that you could think of a four – especially in DRAM a four quarter run, but I’d be quite hesitant to say that today. Flash memory, I think is a different story. There is technology investments here that need to be made. And I think we are seeing them being made both in 3D NAND as well as in plainer NAND. 
Mike Splinter: Well I don’t think we’re ready to forecast our Q1 Time there is a lot of moving part so but I would say that we’re quite certain foundry spending coming back to previous levels. 
Mike Splinter: On the areas where we’re growing share and it's actually one of our highest margin businesses, as I talked about earlier we definitely have momentum there very strong pull from customers in all markets for current and future technology. Again one of the major cases I have ever seen in my career of customer pull for products. We have a lot of momentum and foundry and logic, we’re increasing layer penetration at 28 nanometer, 20 nanometer and also since that with the technology leader on that particular device. We have really strong pull from customers on the unique imaging and defect capture capabilities, especially for patterning applications. We're ramping investment R&D in the field and as I said a lot of momentum there. The other thing I would say about the inspection business is we have the best e-beam technology in the world, very strong in terms of e-beam review and we can leverage this technology for growth in new markets. But overall inspection is one of our highest margins one of our most profitable businesses. In etch, the good news is that we're making tremendous progress and share this year, we’re penetrating new applications and foundry planar NAND and we’re extremely well-positioned and the first customer that's ramping 3D NAND. So, we are making very significant penetration, strong growth in the business. The margin’s there aren’t as good, they are not really different from where they were so there is no change in terms of the pricing behavior there it's just as we’re ramping especially with new customer where we haven't been for a long time those initial margins are not great. The other thing I would say in etch is that we’re working with technology leading companies, all of the technology leading companies on very differentiated products that have potential for significant share growth for us in the future. So certainly we're penetrating today as I said in foundries and planar and 3D NAND but we also have very, very strong technology around some of the key future inflections in the etch business.
Mike Splinter: Yes, certainly. Maybe I can just kind of run it down briefly for you, Stephen. I think if we would say that wafer fab equipment spending is up 10% to 20%, we think logic spending is probably going to be down as a percentage of the total. DRAM will probably be flat as a percentage of the total NAND and foundry up a bit as ahead of that 10% to 20%. And I think you can kind of relate that what’s happening in the end market as well and with the technology inflections in 3D NAND and then the continued build out in the mobility area in the foundry space. 
Mike Splinter: Thanks, John. That was a long question, but and a little further out question, I think how we tried to describe it at Analyst Day was really looking at process complexity increasing over these next few nodes to create the – we talked about the number of increased steps in 3D NAND, and those that would favor us, we also talked about the increased steps for vertical transistors, thin fabs, everybody is racing in that direction. And how much more difficult it is to be going to be to create these 10-nanometer or 7-nanometer patterns that our customers are going to be driving towards at that time. That’s by far the biggest effect. And then the second part of it is really a continued build out of the smartphone and mobility mobile tablets over that period of time. We expect that growth rate is going to continue that way until essentially all phones are smartphones. And I think we explained that in the event that there is just a significant amount more silicon that's been employed in one of those smartphones. And those are by far the biggest effects that kind of get us up to $37 billion wafer fab equipment spending range from where we’re today. Also I think you know there has been pretty significant under investment in DRAM over the last few years. We certainly don't think DRAM is going away as a category. And as the mobile build out happens it's going to return to a little bit larger bit growth than we've seen in the last few years. 
Mike Splinter: Yeah we're very, very positive on our opportunity as the first customer ramps from planar to 3D NAND. We're seeing significant increase in market share especially in etch but our overall time and market share is definitely going up in that planar to 3D NAND transition. So I would say that the overall increase that we talked about around 25% in terms of the application or the total available market is about what we expected to be honest we’re doing even better in etch in that transition than we had anticipated. 
Mike Splinter: On 20 nanometer orders, we're certainly seeing orders from more than one customer at this time. And maybe I can help you, our view is that by the end of '13 there'll be about 30,000 wafer starts capacity in the 20 nanometer range and we expect that growth rate upto over a 100,000 in 2014. So, I think we'll see acceleration as we approach the end of the year and then into 2014. 
Mike Splinter: Yeah. This is always a confusing thing is that everybody seems to be naming their own dimension. So we're kind of lumping all that kind of 20 to 16, 14 into one bucket so that we can obviously hide the specific name of the customer. It's going to be a big category and a big over the next few years the biggest part of the growth in wafers and in spending. 
Mike Splinter: Yes again I really believe that we have the best e-beam technology, we haven’t really capitalized on that as much as we could, but we have just introduced a new product and e-beam review. That’s getting very strong poll and acceptance by customers. And definitely, I think we can leverage that into litho and we also can leverage that into e-beam inspection. 
Mike Splinter: Well, I think we have confidence that we get over 100K by the end of 2014, because the device makers need a refresh on technology. So, there will be a strong push to get that capability from the foundry suppliers. And whether we call it 20 or as I said 2016, ‘14 it will – the suppliers will – the foundry suppliers will meet demand, and we think there is a need for more than 100,000 wafers. And what we can see already from how the customers are lining up to buy product, it looks quite real to us. 
Mike Splinter: I think ‘14 probably would be back end loaded, I agree, but certainly, 2016 is the major focus for most of our customers and most of them are planning pretty aggressive buys in 2014 for those nodes. 
Mike Splinter: Well, I think on the opportunities for share gain Gary, I don’t think we have ever had greater opportunity and how well we are positioned towards the real key inflections when you look across what needs to be done just in logic, we have to get to help our customers get to fit in production over the next 12 months. And I think we’ve significant products there. We have to help reduce or improve the performance of interconnect and I think we’ve great products there. Transistors are now being defined with metal gates. We see a big shift there as we move from gate first to gate last across the industry and then in 3D NAND, we got 3D NAND in time with really I think game-changing application. So as I said I don’t think we have ever been in better position here. 
Mike Splinter: Well we've made significant cuts in OpEx there in the last year. I think it's on the order of about a $120 million in the run rate OpEx cuts and in the solar business. The web business is actually doing very well. We don't talk about that very much, but that business is exceeding our expectations and pretty profitable. Relative to the solar businesses or any businesses within the company, we're not married to any particular business. We’ve operating profit goals that we have for businesses, businesses that meet those goals. We're going to invest and grow businesses that don’t meet that threshold. We will not continue in those businesses over the long-term. 
Mike Splinter: I think we are very encouraged by the level of orders right now in this phase of the cycle. They are really showing our share gains in PVD, in particular. As you know, we have always been strong in CVD, but right now we see that TV investments going to continue. We have been pleasantly surprised by the growth in the size of TVs, but at Gen 8.5, this kind of 55 to 60 plus inch TVs are very, very cost effective now. We think in the marketplace we are going to see the prices come down and continue to see this very fast expansion in size of TVs. And then if you look in our display business, we have the foundation on the mobile business that corresponds to the rest of our mobility products. So, that really creates the floor on revenue in our display business. So, I think with the growth in PVD share, we are going to see significant performance next year. And I think Bob loves this business, because he just thinks that we are going to be able to get great leverage on the bottom line here as we amortize that infrastructure. 
Mike Splinter: Just lead time issue Edwin. I think you are going to see continued strong orders over the next few quarters. But as you know, this business is quite lumpy with long lead times. We are working those down, but it’s still from the time our customers ordered till the time they startup their factories. So, oftentimes over a year or so, it’s all about lead time versus the orders. 
Mike Splinter: Yeah. I don't want to talk for any specific customer relative to what their plans are. What I would say is that, what we’re hearing is that, they are pretty positive in terms of the progress they've made on that particular device and I think it's pretty well known that first stage is ramping and certainly if that is successful, they are going to continue to be fairly aggressive. 
Mike Splinter: Well, maybe I should let Bob answer this question but I would just say that with our share gains and with the mix of spending at least the way we think of it now with foundry growing a bit faster than the main and our NAND flash growing faster than the main these are two good things for Applied Materials. So we’re not trying to forecast our full 2014 right now but I think the growth and the mix and the share gain are all heading in our direction. 
Mike Splinter: Well. I think that the TAM more than likely will go up as you go to those different technology notes. I think the key thing for us the really key thing that moves the needle for us is our layer qualification. That's one of the things that we watch very, very closely. And what we talked about was a significant increase in the layers when you look at the 28, 20 and also we're working very closely with leaders in FinFET technology. So that layer qualification for us went up something like 30% this year and that we believe is very positive for us. It gives us very positive momentum from a market share perspective 
Bob Halliday: Yeah there is a lot of moving parts Tim, in terms of I think the single biggest thing that has having impact in the next couple of quarters is mix, we’re actually gaining share and some in one or two segments one particular we haven't gained share a long time, I think we will gain share but without the scale our margins are lower. I think in the strong businesses the margins are holding up pretty well, so I think it's mostly a mix, we got a little bit of issues too out there with mix of customer type and I can’t point any explicit impact we can probably in the background in terms of how aggressively customers negotiated. So overall I would say we’re probably going to still in the ballpark but a bunch of mix issues right now we’re sorting through. 
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think this is good business model. I mean, these folks manage really tightly in downturns and really optimize the business in the upturn. So, I like the business. 
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think we have made pretty good progress. There is three buckets I guess of OpEx is the cost of doing business that which is all the support functions and is the R&D investment which is what you choose to invest in. And we have a lot of good investment opportunities right now Gary talked about. The third which is the field a lot of that is pushing some of our growth with the technical marketing guys in the field, so, I think in the R&D and the technical marketing guys as investments and the rest is the cost of doing business. And the cost of doing business, I can sort of see over the next two years sustainably keep improving our performance in the area, and I can sort of see the roadmap. So, I think on the R&D investments, those are choices we select. And I think if you think of that, those kind of investments, it’s like a pipe. What you are seeing in the short-term right now is we are really optimizing the investments that were halfway down that pipeline of products. What we have done now is we have increased the diameter of the pipe by funding, but we have also increased the velocity going through the pipe. So, in terms of spending, I think the cost of doing business will keep improving that over the next two years. I think the velocity of stuff out of the pipeline in terms of R&D, I am pretty excited about once those things start to hit. And right now, we are optimizing things, we’re half way down the pipe whether it's inspection or etch but we have some very some aggressive plans right now for stuff coming out of the pipe, so when those come out of pipe which will be over the next year to two, what you'll see is the red (ph) line will start to grow the OpEx spending as a percentage that goes. So right now we're spending on R&D a little bit higher than our revenue line, we’re funding with the G&A stuff but as we get that pipe really flowing the R&D will probably stay more constant and G&A will get optimized and revenues the margins will go up. 
