Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon and thank you for joining Applied's third quarter of fiscal 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings presentation materials, which are all available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, I'm going to ask you to please ask just one question and not more than one brief follow-up. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Hey, thanks, Krish. And we still have a lot of people in the queue, so operator, I'd like to ask that we please do one question at this time and no follow-ups. Okay, so please give us our next question.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thanks, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on our website by 5:00 Pacific Time. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Daniel J. Durn: Thanks, C.J. On gross margin, the company has performed really well in the current environment. You talk about the year-over-year performance. If you take a look at our guide, we're going to be up almost 200 basis points into the fiscal Q4, so the company is performing really well. I would like to underscore the hard work that our operations and supply chain and logistics team are doing to mitigate the impacts of the current pandemic environment we're in. They've done an absolutely superb job. And so the company is doing well on that front. As we take a step back and think about the longer-term trajectory around gross margins, there's clearly a lot of activity going on inside of the company. This is something we spend a lot of time focused on. And we're hopeful that over time, we've got an opportunity to raise those gross margins, even off of these levels, as we deliver the new innovation to market that Gary talked about in his prepared comments. Ultimately, I don't think we'll ever be satisfied no matter where the gross margins are. But clearly, the company is performing well in the current environment that we're in. Then when we take a step back and look at our semiconductor systems operating margin, again, the company is performing well. I think what you'll see into the coming quarter, while we don't guide operating margin by segment, I think you'll see some strength on that front as well. And so I do think that we've got an opportunity over time to get back to that prior benchmark for the segment. So again, a lot of hard work, and I think the company is doing well in a difficult environment.
Daniel J. Durn: Sure, C.J. Let me paint a little bit of a bigger picture for you that puts what we're seeing in the memory market in context. And so if we look at WFE this year, our best estimate at this point, given everything we see from the market and our customers, we're going to be up about 10% to 15% year over year. That's off of a 2019 baseline that's about $51.5 billion. We think it's a good number. It's a third-party validated number by VLSI. And so we think we're up 10% to 15%. And as you take a look at our prepared comments, we think that there's going to be strength in both memory and foundry/logic. We think both of those segments for us from a revenue standpoint are both going to be second-half weighted throughout the year. And we think the proportion of spend within WFE is weighted towards foundry/logic. More than 55% of the spend is in foundry/logic. We think that strength continues into next year, both the overall market as well as our position against that opportunity. We see strength into 2021. And we feel like the proportion of spend in 2021 is going to be very similar to what we're seeing this year. So as we look at the back half of calendar 2020, we're not expecting a spike in memory spending, and we're not expecting a precipitous fall. The company is performing well in this environment. You see how well we've performed in the first half of the calendar year versus the first half of calendar 2019, and we're just going to keep competing, delivering innovation for customers, and driving our business. So we feel good about how we're doing.
Daniel J. Durn: Hi, John. Let me try to help you with what we're seeing in the market. So as we look at our foundry/logic business, a couple things I would say. We've been saying for several quarters now that we are going to see strength in foundry/logic throughout the year. Nothing has changed on that front. We see a diversification of spend underway in the market. We see multiple customers ramping multiple nodes with a strong pull for the technology and innovation that we're bringing to market. We see our business significantly outperforming the overall foundry/logic market. And about a quarter ago, about three months ago, we reported our fiscal Q2 revenues, which is the equivalent of calendar Q1 in 2020. And as I look at the profile of foundry/logic spend this year and our revenue against that opportunity, it looks like our fiscal Q2 is going to be the low point for calendar 2020 in terms of foundry/logic business. And then as I think about strength into the back half of the calendar year, which is our fiscal Q4-fiscal Q1, based on everything we see today, things look good. So it's just a fundamental underlying diversification of spend, multiple customers, multiple nodes, and very consistent with what we've been saying now for several quarters.
Daniel J. Durn: Yeah. Hi, Toshiya. Let me talk about the deal, and then I'll pass it back to Gary to talk about the industrial logic that underpins that transaction. So we've made a lot of good progress on the regulatory front. We closed out five of the six regulatory approvals that we need in this transaction, as you know. So we feel good about that progress. We're having constructive discussions to close the final regulatory approval that we have in the process. We hope to close soon, optimistic about our progress. So we feel good about progress to date. And then just as a reminder, we continue to expect the transaction is going to be immediately accretive to non-GAAP financial results upon close. So we feel we're making good progress.
Daniel J. Durn: Hi, Harlan, so a little color on the $650 million. We talked about $650 million of unmet demand in our fiscal Q2. That was across all device types, spread out between foundry/logic, NAND, DRAM. And in the most recent quarter, our fiscal Q3, as you heard in one of the previous answers, our operations team, supply chain team, logistics team, and our supply chain partners have just done an amazing job in a difficult environment making much better progress than we originally thought three months ago. And so we've got a significant chunk of that $650 million that was satisfied in fiscal Q3. We've got more to go. Our expectation is all of that will be in the rearview mirror exiting our fiscal Q4. And our fiscal Q1, which is calendar Q4, is going to be a first look-through of true end market demand across our markets. And what has me encouraged is, as I look at that true look-through on end market demand and seeing the strength we are across our businesses, it just gives me confidence that we're continuing to see a strong environment by our customers and strong demand and pull for the innovation we're bringing to market to enable their technology roadmaps. I guess the last point I'd make on this is we made comments on our call three months ago about the strong backlog that we are carrying into Q3. Not only did we satisfy a significant chunk of that end market demand in our fiscal Q3, we're entering our fiscal Q4 with the company's backlog virtually unchanged. And so it's a strong endorsement of the strong environment we continue to find ourselves in.
Daniel J. Durn: Thanks a lot for the question. As we think about the display business, Krish, we see display as a great opportunity to take core technology into adjacent markets, drive enhanced revenue and cash flow for the company. And as we sit here today, we know we're at a cyclical bottom. The market continues to bounce along the bottom. We do think there are opportunities going forward for this market to grow structurally larger off the levels that we're at now. What we're seeing in the current environment is a strengthening post the initial stages of COVID that gives us some confidence as we look into 2021. And then as we take a look at the technology inflections on the horizon, OLED coming to TV, foldable/flexible displays coming to the handset, both of those technology inflections being more capital-intensive than the current generation of technologies, we think there's some growth on the horizon in this market. So it's a great way to take core technology and monetize it in an adjacent market to drive enhanced revenue and cash flow for the company.
Daniel J. Durn: Yeah, thanks, Gary. Hi, Tim. So as we think about the market in China, domestic China market, off of a baseline of about $6.5 billion in 2019, we've been saying for several quarters now that we see $2 billion to $3 billion of incremental spend. And a couple quarters ago, I think, or last quarter, we said we're going to be at the high end of that range. And so we're at about $9.5 billion of spend. It's pretty consistent with how we viewed that market for several quarters now. And as I think about the profile of spend in China, we do see slow, steady development of ecosystems, investment in technology roadmaps. You see modest capacity additions behind that. You probably see a little more capacity this year. But it's not a lot more. It's a little more. And we see spend across 200-millimeter, 300-millimeter geometries. You see from a device type standpoint investment in foundry/logic, DRAM, NAND. So it's really a balanced profile of spend and slow, steady development of their ecosystem, but no real change in the profile as we viewed the market for several quarters now.
Daniel J. Durn: Yeah. Hi, Joe. So that's the great thing about what we see today is we still see investments in technology transitions of our customers. We still don't see, nor do we see in the back half of the year, a big spike from a capacity standpoint. And one of the things that we're really encouraged about given the performance of our business relative to the market opportunity, we're growing stronger than the overall market. It just shows us that we're well positioned from an innovation standpoint to deliver key enabling technologies for our customers and their roadmaps. So we really don't see a lot of capacity wafer starts going into the industry. We see continued investment from a technology roadmap standpoint.
Daniel J. Durn: Hi, Quinn. So what we're seeing in the market is continued investment from a technology roadmap standpoint. We see strength in the market from a proportion of spend this year. We see more of the spend going to foundry/logic. Over 55% of the aggregate spend is going to be foundry/logic related. We see memory growing a little more than foundry/logic this year. And as we window into 2021, from a proportion of spend, it feels very similar to what we're seeing this year. It's continued strength on our foundry/logic customers. We see it being more than 55% of the spend next year in 2021. And what I would say about the industry is if we go back to 2017-2018, technology transition in the industry, concurrent investment in planar and 3D technologies, new architectures, I would say there was an inefficient level of spend as it relates to bit addition to the industry. I think you're seeing a much more efficient spend profile. Over time, we see capital intensity rising, but you're seeing a much more efficient bit production out of CapEx that's going into the industry. The other thing I'd say is we've got a very balanced portfolio from a share standpoint across all device types, so we're a very balanced company. And we're fairly agnostic to where customers want to spend, whether it's foundry/logic, NAND, DRAM. I think we're set up to perform well in all of those environments given our broad portfolio. So we'll watch the market, and we'll continue to update every quarter on what we're seeing.
Daniel J. Durn: Again, our comments reflect continued pursuit of technology roadmaps. And all we're doing is reflecting the strength of our business, and we talked about the first half of the calendar year. Calendar year 2020 over the first half of calendar year 2019, our DRAM business is up 20%, our NAND business is up 14%. Over the last couple quarters sequentially, two quarters ago memory was up for us 24%, the most recent quarter up almost 17%. We're seeing sequential performance in both NAND and DRAM. And so it's more of a comment of what we're seeing in the demand for our business as our customers roll out their technology roadmaps. And in an environment where technology roadmaps define the cost structure of our customers, it's cost per bit. We see continued investment on roadmaps with modest additions from a capacity standpoint to drive the bit demand growth that the market is requiring.
Daniel J. Durn: Sure, Mike. So what stands out for me, especially in this quarter, is how investments in our strategy are translating to growth and outperformance in the market. I like the balanced share we now have as a company, and that's across all device types. I like that we're generating one-third of our total business from our install base, and that's going to give us more predictable revenue and cash flow over time. I really want to thank our employees and partners for aggressively ramping up to meet our customers' needs in a really difficult environment and doing it safely. We look forward to seeing many of you at the Citi Conference and a whole bunch of virtual events sprinkled throughout the quarter. Until then, keep safe. Mike, let's close the call.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks, John, for the question. So first I'd echo what Dan said. I was on a call with one of our major foundry/logic customers two nights ago, and not only strength in 2020 but also into 2021. And I think if you take a step back and you look at what's driving this, and it gets back to your question also about the strategic nature of semiconductors, and what we're seeing with COVID-19 is an acceleration of technology transforming every industry. Certainly, my 10-year-old twins are doing learning from home. You have remote working from different locations, e-commerce. All of those things that we've been talking about are accelerating, and we're all living that right now. And you also see kind of from a multiyear secular transition many leading companies developing custom workload-specific silicon that's going to the foundry. So again, you see that happening, even some recent announcements. And I think also when you look at really what is the foundation for the 1 trillion connected devices of the future, it's really all of the semiconductor chips. And you need to keep driving the PPAC. We talk about power, performance, area/cost roadmap to get to the performance per watt that you need to have the right infrastructure for the data economy. So I think that driving power and performance, lower power, higher performance at the right cost is just fundamental to competitiveness going forward and way more important from an economic perspective. And you absolutely see it, like you talked about, with TSMC coming to United States. And I said before that we were certainly encouraging that to happen. I think it's a great thing for the United States. You talked about Abe in Japan and also what's going on in other geographic regions. I think that everyone recognizes the strategic importance of these technologies. I think it will become even more clear to everyone on power, performance, area/cost what's driving that future technology roadmap, and that's again where Applied is in a super-good position. So absolutely, I see that playing out in the way that you've described it. It's certainly good for Applied as customers move into different geographic regions. What we've seen is really a boost in our service business, and certainly it strengthens the strategic relationships we have with a number of different customers.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, Toshiya, we've talked about the power, performance, area/cost roadmap really being fundamental to how all of our customers compete. And really people also talk about the limitations with 2D scaling, Moore's Law slowing down, classic Moore's Law slowing down. And I just deeply believe – I'm on calls with leading customer CEOs, R&D leaders on a regular basis. And I just really strongly believe that new architectures you'll see emerge over the next two or three years are going to be a big driver of the PPAC roadmap. New structures, new materials, new ways to connect chips together, all of those things, I'm just incredibly optimistic that we're going to be able to drive power, performance, and cost going forward. But it's not going to be what's been happening in the past. So then if you look at Kokusai, Kokusai certainly in memory is very strong. And when we look at what some of those future structures look like, what some of those future architectures or materials look like, Kokusai has some unique technologies where they can go to much higher temperatures. They can process many, many wafers simultaneously. And it gives you another technology that we can combine with all of the other technologies that we have to create, shape, modify, analyze, and connect structures and devices. So we haven't really communicated a lot on the strategic value. We will be doing that as soon as the transaction closes. But there are really some tremendous opportunities in combining these different capabilities together. And certainly, we've made tremendous progress relative to our memory market share over the last few years, and Kokusai will definitely be additive to that.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, Toshiya, so again, one of the things that's very interesting about the current environment that we're working in, I certainly miss having dinners with R&D leaders and some of our key customers, but I'm actually probably in more frequent connections with many of those different customers, and I'm just really optimistic. If you look at what is driving the roadmap going forward, as I talked about, power, performance area, and cost, we have deep visibility. And the reason we have deep visibility into what's happening at 3-nanometer and 2-nanometer is because we're co-developing the next-generation transistor structures with customers. And the wiring speed is also incredibly important for customers and driving the next nodes from a memory perspective. All of those areas we have very, very, very deep engagement and deep insight into what those architectures will look like. And we've never been in a better position when we look at all of the N+ nodes, I would say, and certainly in foundry and logic. We will continue to grow our etch business. We're in a great position with the Sym3 Y. We're delivering higher yield with that technology on the most critical steps for those customers. So we're in a great position to continue to outperform there. In inspection and measurement, we have two new platforms that we've launched that we're really in the early innings relative to that particular adoption. And then also we have the synergy with our inspection/measurement, not only in driving our PDC business, but accelerating our technology inside Applied's labs and also with customers with new materials and new structures. But when you really look at those next nodes and the materials, the integrated processes that we're delivering with customers, we've just never been in a better position, and I'm very, very optimistic. We have high visibility in terms of what those architectures will look like and also very high visibility in terms of our position.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks for the question. So if you look at our PDC business this year, this fiscal year we'll be significantly over $1 billion if you look at our systems and service business in PDC, and as I said in the prepared remarks, a greater than 40% growth rate. And there really are two things I think that are really important with PDC. One is the PDC growth, and I'll talk about that here in just a minute. But also, our ability to accelerate the PPAC roadmap within Applied on our technologies and also with customers. So if you look at the PDC growth, there are really two major drivers this year. One is a new optical inspection system, and we've already generated several hundred million dollars of revenue with that new optical inspection system, and it's ramping at multiple leading customers. And we're certainly still in the very early innings with the adoption of that new system. And it's really targeted towards line monitoring, where you have multiple inspection points in a fab. And in some of the leading customers driving the PPAC roadmap, we have pretty extensive adoption already of that new optical inspection system. And then the other technology that we've introduced this year is a new e-beam technology that has the highest resolution electron optics in the market today. It's about 60% higher resolution from an e-beam perspective and also has very fast imaging. So that particular technology, when you think about driving the PPAC roadmap with gate-all-around – or one customer I had dinner with in March was talking about nanosheets and the ability to have a very, very high correlation with this higher resolution imaging capability in developing those future transistor technologies. And the same thing is true in memory devices or new interconnects like selective tungsten. All of those areas, having this unique capability is really important relative to driving the technology roadmap going forward. And that particular technology, we have thousands of e-beam products and columns in the field today. But that higher resolution, you can almost think about it EUV versus previous products with a wavelength reduction. It is an enabling foundation for our e-beam leadership for the next decade. So that will proliferate across all of our different platforms. So really those are the two things that are driving our business this year, but also the synergy with our process businesses has also never been better inside our labs and also with customers. So those are the two areas we're driving and I think really in the early innings of continuing drive value in both of those different areas.
Gary E. Dickerson: This is Gary. So certainly, high-speed memory is a big focus for a number of different customers. So like you said on the high-k/metal gate technologies, those are areas where we have significant leadership, and that's helping to drive our DRAM business. And also in etch, we've grown our etch business a significant amount in DRAM. If you look at the conductor etch, we gained almost 30 points of conductor etch share in DRAM since 2016 with the Sym3 platform, so really good drivers there. And as these new high-speed memories are adopted and ramp up in the next technology node, it puts us in a really good position to continue to outperform from a DRAM perspective. And in NAND, you have different drivers, but it really still is about scaling the number of layers going vertical. And we have a number of very innovative films, different compounds that are being adopted in the next-generation NAND devices. So the combination of those very, very high selectivity films with our etch products position us to perform well also in NAND. And the other thing I would say – really the other thing I would say, and I talked about this a little bit earlier, is Kokusai will be definitely additive to Applied overall from a memory perspective. If you think back over the last several years, we've grown our memory business share of total spend for both NAND and DRAM from the mid-teens to 20% or more in those different segments. So we think – we believe we're very well positioned in both NAND and DRAM going forward, and certainly Kokusai will add to that overall performance.
Gary E. Dickerson: Okay, thanks for the question, Patrick. Wow, that's a very broad one. But let me say that I deeply believe and I love the technology. I love interacting with R&D leaders for our customers. And I would just say – and you see this dynamic in the marketplace driving power, performance, area/cost faster than others. Low power, higher performance at a better cost is really the key focus for all of our customers. And I talked a lot about what drives the roadmap going forward. It really is about new architectures, new structures, interconnect structures. Certainly that includes gate-all-around, but there are other technologies we're working on that are really, really, really important for customers. New interconnect technologies so that you reduce the resistance in the wiring, that's also a key, key driver for all of our customers. New ways to connect the chips together from a packaging standpoint, all the new materials that we're bringing to market. So there are a number of those different areas that are super-important relative to driving the PPAC roadmap going forward. And I would say that one thing that I'm just so encouraged with, our portfolio, when you look at creating, shaping, modifying, analyzing, connecting devices and structures, there's no one that can do all of those different things. And even if you look at FinFET today, I talked about a technology where we integrate together multiple products or multiple different chambers on a single platform under vacuum to manage interfaces, where we can improve leakage current far beyond what exists today. So you think about improving the leakage current or a 10% improvement in drive current, that is incredibly, incredibly important. And that particular technology, again, is an integrated materials solution. It works in FinFET. And I think there's a high probability you'll see that coming to market sometime in the next year for some of our customers. You have that technology can also work in gate-all-around or our nanosheets. Again, there's just a number of different areas where we're driving innovation. We announced recently selective tungsten, which is kind of like atomic layer 3D printing, to increase the diameter of the wire to reduce the resistance. That is a really big technology development for our customers, driving the PPAC roadmap forward. And the other thing I talked about, combining these things together with the highest resolution electron beam imaging capability in the industry and proprietary algorithms where you can – and very high-speed imaging, so you can image thousands of points on a wafer, look at the key technologies that are being developed, look at the spatial distribution, and dial in your process windows for all of those new technologies lightning fast with a combination of massive, unique, actionable insight and data analytics and machine learning that we have developed within Applied. Those are really game-changer technologies. So it's really a combination of many of those enabling, creating materials and films, shaping, modifying. We have many unique technologies, the analyzing many unique technologies. The combination of those things together also means that we're strategically connected to customers in a very unique way. We have unique insights into their future technology nodes, their future architectures, the critical challenges that customers are facing. And the pull, Patrick, that we have from our customers has never been stronger.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, Tim, thanks for the question. I'll start off and then Dan can answer the market size question. So relative to the geopolitical question, I'm not going to speculate on any future actions that can take place. But really, what we've seen today is similar to what and consistent with what we've previously discussed. We've assessed the rules, and as we had discussed in our last call, we continue to see no meaningful impact on our business. And so I'll also let Dan answer the overall market question.
