Robert J. Halliday: Sure. The big drivers of the technology transitions we talked about earlier [ph] [indiscernible] FinFET and VNAND. And if you look at FinFET, still very positive. I think it's a little more heavily weighted to early '15 and late '15 [ph]. If you look at VNAND, some of that has been slipping from [indiscernible]. DRAM was [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, there's 2 sets of opportunities, Jim. The one that is most disruptive and sexy and attractive is interesting new disruptive products that are really valuable for [ph] customers. And those, frankly, are starting to come, especially next year, we'll see more of that. The progress we made to date is just managing very tightly [ph]. If you look at our gross margins across virtually every segment of AGS, solar, Display and Semitool [ph]. So it's blocking and tackling, reducing operating costs, reducing the build costs, better mix -- driving better mix in terms of your revenue and sales, better mix between segments. So I think these systemic things, just grinding away at mix, cost issues, positioning and betting on the right products is going to help us quarter in, quarter out for the next several years. I think the disruptive new product is coming out more next year. So we see 2 opportunities there, one is pretty systemic and one is [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: I agree with Gary. I think the mechanics of the integration, which seemed to be your question, C.J., is going actually really well, better than I would have expected. The engagement by the teams has been really good. Working relationships have been strong. Sort of the rhythm of it in terms of operating organization, how we'll do business together has been pretty darn positive. I think we see line of sight to the synergies. Pretty damn good, I'd say.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, we do have a really strong backlog, actually, in SSG and Display. We've been talking about the display backlog and the orders build for a couple of quarters. We're going to start to get some significant benefit for the Display backlog in terms of the revenue line next quarter. SSG backlog will help us next quarter, but I think some of that benefit will also go into fiscal [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: I've got to check the math. I didn't know if it's $1.50 at $30 billion, frankly. This year, it's about a $31.6 billion to $31.9 billion WFE. So if you look at -- we got a gain [ph]. We said in the model we're going to get to 19.9% wafer fab equipment in SSG. We ended last year at 19.1%. We haven't forecasted it this year. But the year before, it's 17.7%; we gained [ph] 1.4% through last year in wafer fab equipment. We continue to be optimistic that we'll get to the 19.9% [indiscernible] model. The second thing is gross margins. I think at the $30 billion model, we were at like 44%, 45%. In the quarter just ended, we did 45.5%. This year, we'll probably be about 44%. So it's a little higher volume, $31.6 billion versus the $30 billion model. So we're actually getting there. OpEx, I think, in the $30 billion -- I'm doing this from memory, Tim. I think it was like a 2 2 [ph] or something like that.
Robert J. Halliday: 2 1 [ph]. So right now, we're trending to be about 220 [ph] on the year so we did about $100 million [ph] extra expense. Just a little 450 [ph] spend in our numbers and then we've got some managed expenses and inflation a little bit, so we're off [ph] about 100 [ph]. Tax rate, we said, would be 22% in that model. And right now, we're running a full year, I think we're going to end up around 23, 24 [indiscernible]. So -- and I feel pretty good about the 22% getting there. So if you look at -- I think we're about 70% on track. [indiscernible] we've got to get a little more share gain, a little more gross margin, manage down expenses a little bit [indiscernible]. Let me just check the math. I guess we are [indiscernible], but those are the levers, I think about 65%, 70% there. Yes, you're right, it is $1.50[ph].
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, we haven't guided to a Q1 yet, but we think Q1 is probably stronger, fiscal Q1 for us, right, which is November, December. It's been that way pretty often in recent past. And if you think about -- we talked about earlier, Tim, about technology transitions, VNAND and FinFET. They slipped down [ph] a little bit on the -- in the middle of this year, but they still look very committed to those. So my guess is that the fiscal Q1 for us or the calendar Q4 for the industry is probably [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, I think, generally, the semi industry is a little less cyclical, a little more seasonal, as you go to more and more consumer products for the chip versus [indiscernible]. So I think that's true, and I think a lot of people believe that. I think the Display business, half of it or 60% of it is kind of cyclical big TV size, more TV capacity added. I think there's a little bit more systemic growth on the smaller screen sizes, phones, iPads, things like that. So net-net, between Semi and Display, I think we're trending more seasonal versus cyclical, historically. And the other thing that's going pretty well for us: the service business looks like it's going to get [ph] some growth. And also the solar business, the growth is moderate, but the profitability is [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, a couple things. One, I think -- the revenues, I was actually, in hindsight, in SSG, relatively pleased. We had strong bookings. Revenues were a little under what we thought, but there were things that transpired in the quarter that happened there that we managed it pretty well. And then if you look at our peers, our guide and our actuals sort of our second quarter, our third quarter and even our third quarter through our fiscal fourth quarter, we compare pretty well, actually. So the revenues in SSG and the company are holding up okay. If you look within SSG revenue mix model, which you're asking on the margin, we're making some progress in most of the products and some margin, cost reduction, efficiency, selling more upgrade products. It's all of the execution things you think about every day. So the gross margins are trending up a little bit. Now what we're very optimistic about is the money we've invested last year, last couple of years, really, in R&D and SSG because we put a heavy weighting of that this year on 300-millimeter products versus 450 last year. We think those are going to give us some more lift on opportunities in the revenue and gross margin line of product [ph].
Robert J. Halliday: So if you look at GAAP versus non-GAAP, we have a couple of points spread between our GAAP and non-GAAP PVD [ph], the tax income. It's actually -- generally, the spend just gets tighter, but there's about -- most of that is the Tokyo Electron. And then we also have this corporate sometimes under the bonus plans. I think a lot of that you're looking at is a non-GAAP related to [indiscernible] merger costs [ph].
Robert J. Halliday: Let me go back to give you the answer I gave before and then give you more color first [ph], Stephen. What we've done to date is we've done a lot of good blocking and tackling with places like EES, where we have -- get the cost down, get -- run it back at a rate in business and raise gross margin [ph] that contribute to the company. If you look at display, it reduced their overhead costs and getting valuable products. The whole mix of things have done well. If you look at AGS, trended up a little bit with gross margins there, too. So it's all of the blocking and tackling across the company. So you can't pick a heroic thing, you just look at good blocking-and-tackling and execution and a broad range of activities. Within SSG, specifically, where you're talking about, there's things -- blocking and tackling probably helped us some. The second thing that helps and hurts periodically in the quarter is just mix of the individual products. So we're actually gaining share in etch, which we talked and we're very pleased with. But the gross margins are a little bit lower in these early etch tools. And it's not pricing, it's just etch is always a little bit lower for us the last 20 years. So the mix within quarters, once [indiscernible], the systemic thing in SSG, the blocking and tackling is getting better, new products are coming, which will help SSG, you have timing mix quarter-to-quarter, which is a plus or minus. Now the question you're asking is mix between customers. We don't typically talk about mix between customers. Configurations are different, the mix of product sales is different. But generally, we think we're in line to sell a more valuable set of product volumes.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, we think a few things play for us in 2015, Patrick. One, we think we could gain share. The addressable market for those products was growing fast, and we think we'll gain share. And those markets tend to be around CVD. Etch, we think, will do well. Some CMP steps are being added, I believe, in one of those structures. So it looks pretty good for us. The second thing, so mix of customer spending should play for us for those things, number one. Number two, some of our tools that we're offering in there will play for us. And then, three, within the mix of that customer spending, it's more -- first point of mix was between customer. Second was in the type of products they're buying. 3D NAND and FinFET is more heavily weighted than where we're gaining share. So I think all of those will play first usefully [ph] on the market share opportunities in [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, some of the stuff isn't glamorous. I think the whole company's done a good job. I mean, if you think of some of the stuff we pulled onetime today, whether it's the display tools we [indiscernible] the money on, the inventory we pulled in solar, EES, the -- some of the stuff in the customs audit in Korea, there's just a lot of good blocking and tackling across a wide range of people in the company, and it feels like it's building momentum. That's a good thing. In terms of higher-level principles, we are taking more strategic view of the supply chain, I think, in terms of the ramp, IP, costs and sourcing opportunities. I think we're starting to subsegment our supply base into people who have high IP versus low-cost opportunity. I think we're tackling that a little bit [indiscernible]. I think if you look at our new products, as we're going to ship new products, we're taking a deeper view of the IP opportunities in those new products. We have sustainable differentiation ourselves. And then we'll probably take a more strategic view of it. That's still developing. We get better and better. In terms of the balance sheet, [indiscernible]. I think we're doing better. I think it's a big [indiscernible] opportunity, to be honest. But I think inventory, how we manage inventory in the factory and service, we made some progress. I think we're going to continue to make [indiscernible].
Robert J. Halliday: So, Mahesh, we're still guessing [indiscernible]. But I guess, in my opinion, as Gary said, they're all up. Probably the biggest percentage growth of those 3 is probably NAND.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes, what I would say also, Jim, is that the -- as we've talked about, these transitions are really in the sweet spot for us, with all of the precision materials, engineering, technologies and products that we have. And, really, the customer pull is stronger than we've ever seen. Our percent of the TAM increases as some of these materials-enabled devices start to ramp. So as Bob said, that's the key strategic issue for our customers, and that's really what gives us a great opportunity to grow our business over the next few quarters and over the next few years.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes. On the -- thanks for the question, C.J. On the merger, we're absolutely convinced that this is the right strategy to bring more value for our customers, drive innovation with better products, faster and lower cost. And I think as we continue to work together, we're more and more convinced of that. And that really is accelerating our existing strategy in materials innovation and really focused on the key challenges, the key strategic challenges that our customers have. So that's been going very well. The integration planning has really been tremendous. We talked, as you said, last month a lot about that relative to the organizational structure. We're aligned on the culture and the mission, vision and values, the operating rhythm. And what I've seen is just a continual building of those relationships and excitement of all the key people on both sides. So really just tremendous progress ahead of where we thought we would be at this point.
Gary E. Dickerson: So first of all, 2015, we think will be an up year, as we talked about before. Kind of the major changes that are happening in '15, we see that the investment in FinFET technologies are going to pick up a fair amount. Should be -- our current forecast is something like 50% of the foundry business we'll be investing for those technologies in 2015. And we see foundry investment may be up slightly in 2015. The memory business for both NAND flash and DRAM, we see both of those being up. And also, as we talked about before, we see 3D NAND investment in '15 increasing significantly from where we're at in 2014. So those are the major drivers.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes. So we definitely see opportunities in the service business. As customers are going through dramatic technology transitions in foundry and in memory, it really creates a great opportunity for us. We've done a lot in terms of aligning our service strategy to those opportunities. We've changed the organization structure. So there's tighter alignment between SSG and AGS. So we're really focused on those device performance and yield and cost challenges. As customers are making those transitions, we're seeing good response from customers, so strong pull for those types of capabilities. As customers are making these transitions, getting the particles to the level they need to be to get good yield, edge die yield, uniformity, all of these things are harder and harder. And we're aligning our company and our strategy and our structure to really provide more value for our customers and drive those opportunities. So we see, as we said, the single-digit revenue growth this year. So we really see this, as you talked about, as a great opportunity for us to continue to drive the service business going forward. And there -- we see a lot of leverage also as that business grows.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes, thanks, Harlan. So we've always seen some cases where customers are putting the selective removal technology into production, but we really see this more as you go forward to some of these future device technologies. Especially, we've seen adoption of this in memory. And there are a number of different potential opportunities in patterning. You have things like pattern collapse. As you're going vertical to the taller 3D types of structures with the tighter design rules, that's where you start seeing the current technologies running out of gas and an opportunity for us to implement the selective removal technology. So we do see some already, layers going into production with this technology. Certainly, we'll see it ramping next year, and then probably the year after that, even stronger adoption.
Gary E. Dickerson: In terms of dollars, the FinFET -- or the foundry spending is going to be higher than 3D NAND. And what we see in both the FinFET and 3D NAND is a real strong transition to both the FinFET as a percentage of that spending and also 3D NAND as a percentage of the NAND flash spending. So in both cases, we think that the spending for those new technologies are going to be around 50%. And as we've said before, that's very positive for us because we have great products in enabling new transistor technologies. And 3D NAND is really materials-enabled versus litho-enabled. So it's very heavy in areas where we have a very strong position. So in both cases, we see about half of the spending next year being those new technologies. Foundry is about 2x the total spending versus 3D NAND. So that would mean that the FinFET is more heavily a percentage of our revenue versus 3D NAND.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yes, what we see in DRAM next year is up some versus 2014. But if you look at '13 to '14, the WFE spending really is going up pretty dramatically. We have it up in the 30% to 45% range in terms of total WFE spending in DRAM. And we see it up slightly, maybe less than 5% next year, is our current view. And on the capacity versus technology, we see it much heavier-weighted in capacity buys versus technology buys in 2015, but that's our current view.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks, Sundeep. The business in China for display is definitely very strong. And as we've talked about before, our customers are going through transitions in amorphous silicon, to LTPS, to metal oxide and organic LED types of display technologies. Our market share performance in display is really exceeding our expectations. We have very strong products, as customers are ramping these new factories and ramping these new technologies. So we're -- China is a big percentage of our business right now. I think we recently announced an order where we had 100% market share in one of the big factories there. So overall, we're very, very optimistic about display. We talked also about the last 2 quarters having more than $600 million in orders. So the overall momentum there is very good. And as Bob talked about, the team is really outstanding. They're executing really well in terms of their new product introduction. They've cut their install cycle times down dramatically. A lot of different things they're doing there not only from an innovation standpoint but also from an execution standpoint.
Gary E. Dickerson: We do have products. So OLED, with the current displays, the TAM opportunity for us goes up by about a factor of 2. And -- so that's a very good opportunity for us with existing technologies. We also have some new technologies that we are seeing traction with some of these flexible products that are being -- the early ones that are being adopted by customers. And we have opportunities there with new business. We're seeing the early indications of that, but we definitely do have opportunities there also.
Gary E. Dickerson: What we talked about in our financial model was to get to $1 billion run rate in the 2016 model. And we feel really good about the progress we're making. We also talked about, as these new technologies are introduced, the LTPS, metal oxide, organic LED, some of these flexible substrates, all of those are great for us from a TAM growth perspective. In some cases, as much as 2x larger TAM versus where we're at today. So the market, we have really good pull relative to the total available market. And also, our market share is growing pretty significantly in the Display business. So we're very optimistic. From a model standpoint, we're still on track with what we've talked about in the 2016 model. Around $1 billion is the -- is that goal.
Gary E. Dickerson: Well, so if you look at the wafer fab equipment spending in 2014, we're still -- we still have the view that it's up 10% to 20% versus 2013. The areas that are growing are foundry, the NAND flash and also DRAM. All of those areas are up a fair amount. In the foundry case, it's more a broadening of the customers that are spending. But all of those are up a fair amount. And our current view, based on what we're hearing from customers, is that 2015 is going to be a stronger year than 2014. We see still strong spending in the foundries in 2014 and incremental improvement in the memory business. But within that, you also have, as we talked about, major technology transitions that are happening in the foundry and in NAND flash that are very positive for us.
