Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Tiya, and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; Gary Dickerson, our Company’s President; and George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer. Today we’ll discuss the results for our first quarter ended January 27. You can find a copy of our earnings release on our website, appliedmaterials.com. We will also find our quarterly financial highlights presentation, which provides additional details. Before we begin, I’d like to share a calendar announcement. Applied plans to hold its next Investor and Analyst meeting on Monday, July 8 in Santa Clara, California. We hope to see many of you here at our headquarters for the event. And now, let me turn the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Mike. And help us reach as many of you as we can free to ask question and no more than one brief follow-up. Tiya, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, thank you, Vish. And we would like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5 pm Pacific time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Michael R. Splinter: Thanks, George. As we look forward to our second quarter, net sales from our semiconductor business should be up 20% to 35%. We expect orders to remain strong approximately at the Q1 levels. Net sales in AGS are expected to be flat to up 10%, reflecting a gradual recovery in wafer starts and utilization levels as the year progresses. We expect net sales and display to be flat to up 25%. Orders are expected to increase by more than 20% with the start of TV capacity additions and continued strength and mobility. Net sales in EES are expected to be approximately flat remaining at low levels. Overall, we expect net sales for the company to be up 15% to 25% and our non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.09 to $0.15. Now, let me open the call for questions. Mike.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure, thanks for your questions, very good question. If you look inside our numbers close to three quarters of orders in Q1 are from foundry. As we think about the progression through the year, we do have to have broader foundry participation, but we also need to see logic investment pickup fairly dramatically in the second half along with NAND flash spending for capacity and then for 3D NAND technology. So that’s kind of the progression we should start to see that by the end of our Q2 or the beginning of our Q3 that transition as foundry comes down as a percentage overall in the other areas in WFE starting to rise.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, if you look at the key enabling technologies for the transistor after PVD implant thermal processes, many of these we have 70%, 75% market share overall. And in the area around the foundry customers that are ramping gate-last technology or FinFET technology, the market share is probably even higher. So this certainly provides a great opportunity for us to grow share. When I think about our overall share position in 2012 in 300 millimeter, we gain share a small amount of market share. We look at 2013 as an opportunity to even accelerate that and 2014 when the 20 nanometer gate-last is adopted by a number of foundry customers. We’ve said that creates an opportunity for our CapEx to go up 30% with those customers. So we’re really in a great position, building momentum through this year into 2014.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, a little more positive there, Steve. It’s not a big change but I would say we’re incrementally more positive as we see the front end of this year and the announcements that some of the major customers have made. We really think DRAM spending is still going to be flat at low-level year-over-year, we think foundry will be down slightly, but perhaps not down as much as we had previously anticipated. And then NAND about 15% of the total with spending profile that stronger in the second half and then logic, we are thinking will be modestly up as well year-over-year. So in total that makes that net sale have us move up from last time we said 5% to 15% down, now we are saying 5% to down 10%. So that’s how we’ve moved in the last few months.Steven Chin – UBS Securities LLC: Okay thanks.
Michael R. Splinter: I would like to frankly move into the positive territorial in the next three months, we’ll see how the orders play out here.Steven Chin – UBS Securities LLC: Can I just have a follow-up to Gary to just about the foundry 20-nm node. You talk about some of the design wins there Gary. What percentage of the decision do you think have been made at the 20-nm foundry node and how do you think Applied is set to compete at 20-nm foundry? Thanks.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. I have to tell you, we’re really motivated to do this quickly. We have I think a very thorough process between Gary and I and our Board of Directors to ensure that we select the best possible candidate. We think we have several internal candidates and of course, naturally we would rather take an internal candidate than have to go outside, but we think we or for the shareholders throughout this take a look externally. We’re going to try to move through this process in a matter of weeks here, and so we’ll be getting back to you on that topic as soon as we make a decision. As far as what we’re looking for of course, we are looking for a very strong business partners somebody who can think strategically well experienced in financial management and acumen and somebody who can really drive shareholder return for all of our investors.
Michael R. Splinter: So some of the bigger changes we’ve made, certainly Ali Salehpour coming in and EES and Display was a big change. And I would say that, Ali has been here for two months and the response in internally and also externally has been extremely positive, very bright, very focused on technology leadership, driving profitable growth. Ali has really hit the ground running and he is doing a great job in ESS and Display. Another major change we’ve made is in the SSG organization. We formed a new transistor group within the last month, pulling together all of the different technologies that we have under Steve Dinan. And as we’ve talked about many times that’s really a fantastic opportunity for Applied Materials. And so we’re organizing around that strategy and that will help us in terms of execution on that opportunity. We brought in a lot of really good people to mix with already the tremendous talent we have within Applied Materials, both on the technology and marketing side, and we had just a tremendous team, great opportunities. We’re moving forward at a pretty high pace relative to these changes. So at this point, I would say many of them are in place and again we’re overall very optimistic.
Michael R. Splinter: We’re not announcing any changes in terms of the products that we have within the EES organization. We certainly driven the cost down pretty dramatically, I think in Q4 2012 we were $45 million, $50 million as we said exiting Q4 2013 and the Solar business will be down to about $20 million. So we’ve cut back in terms of the OpEx spending and that money is being reallocated into some great strategic opportunities we have to grow the company. But really no announcements at this time for any exits of major products within the Solar business.
Michael R. Splinter: Okay. Let me go through inspection first, obviously this is an area I have a lot of experience. We have a really great team, incredibly strong customer pool in 2012. In wafer inspection and review; we’ve gained a few points of share. We’re winning, we had some good wins in Brightfield inspection with customers here recently that also create a market share momentum for us in 2013 in wafer inspection and review. So again, overall, I would say optimistic on wafer inspection, that’s a very good business for us in contributing profit to the company. In the etch business, also we have a very good team some Customer Portal, some recent wins both in foundry and NAND Flash that make us more optimistic and again, as I’ve said before, both of these markets are multiple segments and our focus is not to blow the ocean, we want to focus to the areas where we can have differentiation and we can establish a strong market share position and we have a very clear strategy in both of these different businesses as inflection happen and some technology changes happen again, I am pretty optimistic in both of these different businesses.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure, thanks. As we look at kind of foundry capacity and what we think of the added as we said at the outside of the primarily driven by strong demand in mobile and smartphones and tablets. So on the 28-nanometer area we think between 75,000 and 100,000 wafer starts per month will be added. And in 20-nanometer it’s a little harder to tell, because it also depends on how well those technologies move up the yield curve. Right now we are estimating about 25,000 wafers in 20-nanometer this year and that would be really in the second half – late in the second half of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, I would say again, the customers are really working with us to cover a very large percentage of the applications for foundry and logic. And in the logic case, actually in both cases more than 50% of the applications, so I wouldn’t say that there are narrow. And again as I talked about earlier, customers will buy for multiple technology node, so they will focus on certainly 28-nanometer in fact, with the running in production today, but again they want technologies that can work for 28, 20, 16 all of these different technology nodes. We are in a very strong position with logic and foundry, especially with advanced transistor technologies and again that’s what makes us optimistic in that business.
Michael R. Splinter: So maybe I would add just briefly here that there is two aspects here. First, 3D is huge trend here not just in NAND but in transistors and packaging. It’s one of the biggest inflections we are going to see over the next few years. But this is a huge change to move away from litho to find shrinking and really be able to move the process defined where precision materials engineering, interface engineering really, really matters and its why we are so excited about this area. And we think at 32 vertical bits are something like this, this is economical at 45, 50 nanometer node where companies are aiming the first generation here. But you have to believe once they solve the device and reliability issues, it will be very easy for them to move very fast both down the litho curve and increase the number of bids in the stock.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, I would just add that you know how lithography has been the story for really in the last, at least 10 years. And now we are seeing many of the bottlenecks, the interface engineering, precision materials, how are you going to get the low-k values, how are you going to keep them, and this is really an advantage for Applied Materials.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. Well, certainly we’re expecting return of those other members of the foundry community to start spending in the second half of the year. This will be really a key for us and how our order momentum is occurring at the end of our second quarter. We’ve always expected them to really have their spending in our late Q2 or in the Q2 calendar year and in the Q3 calendar year. So that’s our current expectation on the remainder of the foundry group. I would say we need that spending to broaden out certainly to reach the high-end of our WFE estimate.Patrick J. Ho – Stifel Nicolaus: Great, that’s helpful. Gary, maybe specifically on the technology side, when you are varying, you brought up the whole materials modification and a lot of technology synergy between iron, implant and etch. Can you maybe give a little bit of color on how some of – now that you two as a combined company, how that maybe giving you an advantage right now and particularly on the etch side and that being a driver of future share gains.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, first of all, it changed to the next-generation of technology where we’re seeing 25% to 35% increase in capital intensity, that movement of course is very important and very relevant to us. But then the other thing that can drive up logic spending is some growth in PCs this year. As I alluded to there has been an introduction of Windows 8. There is our touch Ultrabooks now. If these things start to catch on in the back-to-school time period, this could be very beneficial for us in logic spending in the latter part of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure, maybe I can start and Gary can finish. On the – as we start this current generation of TV fabs will be Gen 8.5. But what we are seeing in primarily in China, we are starting to see the orders come in for those factories. So that’s really quite beneficial for us. We think that 60-inch TVs are starting to get to the price point that to a real volume price point are now starting to approach a $1,000 very soon, under $1,000. That kind of a price point will drive the industry to Gen 10 just because of how many TVs you can get on one sheet of glass and to make that economical. But it’s pretty clear to us now that while we haven’t had a glass size change in, I guess five years that there is one that’s really going to come. Gary, you might want to talk about with – also with the increased pixel density what we see as our advantages.
Michael R. Splinter: And we’ve also really been investing in these next generations of technology as these new fabs eventually convert to metal oxide. We are going to be in a very good position to be able to take advantage of that as well.
Michael R. Splinter: We think orders on 20-nanometer are certainly going to be, maybe we’ll see them in the fourth quarter drives in our fiscal first quarter as we think most of that capacity will be growing in mostly for the end of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Yeah, I think we’ll hold off, but the mobility trends we believe is here to say, and I think you’re still will be strong growth in mobility of – that’s the case we’re going to see some foundry spending, a little too early for us to make a protection about 2014 right now.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. So again, we do it as the 2014 timing similar to the 20-nanometer gate last ramp for our customers. So that’s one of things that make us very optimistic about building momentum from a market share perspective. In the 3D NAND technology, there are a number of very long deposition steps if you look at this multilayer stacks, that are very favorable to us. And lastly, we look at the incremental CapEx opportunity for Applied on the order of 25%, it gets better as there are more layers when you’re building these multilayer stacks around 25% increase in CapEx opportunity.
Gary E. Dickerson: So I think several have been made, I’m the paranoid person and I’m comfortable once the tool is in the customer’s fab and paid for it. I think that we always have to be aggressive in looking at these types of situations. But certainly I think our order momentum, customers are also buying for multiple technology nodes as you know. So even when we are making 28-nm decisions there, they’re looking to 2016 and future technology nodes and what your position will be there. So I think the strong increase in orders in Q1 for us is a very good sign, certainly the discussions we’ve had with customers have been very positive and we are overall very optimistic, but again it’s not done until the tools are in the fab and take for and so we remain focused until happens.Steven Chin – UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. So I think on 3D NAND, I mean there’s a pretty significant increase in density. So I think as soon as the customers have those devices yielding, they’re going to try to ramp in as fast as they can. The biggest issue has been being able to get the yield what they wanted to be. As I said before again, this is a really great opportunity for us, if you look at the number of deposition steps in 3D NAND process, I mean Epi is a pretty low throughput application and you start approaching those types of throughputs on wafers per hour per chamber with some of the 3D NAND application. So again for us 25% increase in CapEx opportunity as customers move to that technology.
Gary E. Dickerson: Well, again, as we’ve talked about before, the biggest driver in the industry today is mobility. And all of the customers are trying to differentiate on low-power and battery life. The biggest changes we’ve seen in a decade and transistor technology are happening as customers move to 20-nanometer gate-last technology and FinFET. And these are areas where Applied is really riding this way. We have a very high share and the technologies that enable these new transistor structures, maybe Mike can comment. But first time in many, many years that you’ve seen this type of a change, that is the number one focus for the industry where Applied has a leadership position in enabling this capability.
Gary E. Dickerson: Got to say, I kind of feel like a kid in the candy store here in Applied. We again, think to me that it’s so exciting is that we have leadership in many areas of precision materials engineering and this creates tremendous opportunities for us as a company. The one thing that we don’t talk about and unfortunately I can’t talk about here, but there are opportunities for us in the integrated processes, linking different parts of our product portfolio together that are creating positive momentum for us today and I think as you move forward to some of these future device structures and interface engineering and some of these areas becoming more critical, the magnitude of that opportunity is going to increase.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, as customers go to larger area, larger panels, and smaller pixels, again it’s the same thing you see in the semiconductor industry, where you have to drive to lower particles to get acceptable yield, uniformity becomes more difficult in these larger areas. And that really plays to the device performance and yield advantages that we have in our CVD and PVD products and that will create very strong momentum for us from a share and margin standpoint in that business.
Gary E. Dickerson: Transistor products I think are little over 50% of our total SSG business I think it’s roughly that in plant.
Gary E. Dickerson: Again, what we are seeing for the transistors you go from 28-nanometer to 20-nanometer gate-last, the market opportunity goes up for us roughly 30% if you think an equivalent number of wafer start and then it goes up again maybe another 10% as you go to FinFET technology. So that’s again for equivalent number of wafer starts.Ben Pang – B. Riley Caris: Okay, thank you very much and good luck to George as well.
Gary E. Dickerson: Again on mobility, this is the major focus for our customers is where everyone is trying to differentiate in brad share and certainly looks like customer ramp 20-nanometer gate-last processes. The people that are there ramping those processes will have a competitive advantage and that’s what we would anticipate in 2014.
