Michael R. Splinter: Yes, thanks, C.J. As we look at what's happening in our Q4 and a drop-off in our discussions with customers, this is pretty much the seasonal low. We're also obviously discussing what's ahead, so our capacity is ready for them in the next month ahead. So we're quite certain that this is on the bottom from those discussions. But I would also add that we still view the 28-nanometer build-out for capacity in 2013. We still need between 100,000 and 150,000 wafers or so to fuel the growth in smartphones and tablets, as well as the build-out of the LTE infrastructure. And then we also think in 2013, we're going to see investments of about 50,000 wafers of 28 nanometers. That will come a little bit later in the year. But I think when we look at last year's pattern, this year's pattern, this year's more accentuated, but really quite similar in this seasonal cycle. I think my big caveat on that is what's going to happen macroeconomically. But macroeconomics are kind of pushing everybody down not only in the foundry sector, but in the other sectors as well. But we really think foundry is going to lead the way out of this in the calendar -- late in the calendar fourth quarter.
Michael R. Splinter: I think we're going through a lot of detail right now on each one of the products and looking at high-value problems that they're solving and the return on those products. As you know, we really try to look at this on a product -- the return on a product-by-product basis and judge where we should invest. So we'll be ready to talk about that in November, but I think the starting point is the product-by-product analysis.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. Thanks, Edwin. Yes, what we're looking at is really calendar versus fiscal here. The timing of our particular fourth quarter gets us into this air pocket. But we're expecting that foundries will lead the way out, and we will see the overall WFE in the range that we had talked about earlier. When you look at it -- if you said, "What's going to happen to drive it to the top end or the bottom end?" We would have to, to get to the top end it would have to be all about foundries pushing harder for capacity in the last few months of the year. And the downside is both NAND, I think, and foundry even pulling back a little bit more than we currently anticipate. But -- so in large part, it's a foundry story for the last part of the year.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. Thanks, Satya, for the question. The euro has changed kind of pretty dramatically. I think from our standpoint, we thought that wafer fab equipment was going to be closer to flat year-over-year, and now we're in the kind of down 10% to 20% range. And so that's a pretty big impact over the last few months. We really -- I think our supposition earlier in the year was that foundries needed to power through the seasonal curve that we saw last year because of the shortage of capacity, and that's clearly not the case. They added a lot of capacity in Q2 and are now more in the put-it-in production and produce phase of adding capacity. As far as chip companies' projections on their overall capital spending, I think there's 2 factors: one, it may be at somewhat at a lower range of what they projected; and two, then there's the mix of what they're spending, their CapEx on how much is really on wafer fab equipment versus buildings and other equipment. So I think that's one of those factors that we know is going on because some of our customers need more space and capacity to add the next phase of capacity.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. I think the drivers for the Display business that -- I don't know that I can talk about 10 years, but kind of 5 years, number one, is still build-out in emerging markets. TV -- flat panel TV penetration still has a long way to go. We've been disappointed with the demand in China. But I think that is coincident with kind of a slowdown of the economy there. So I think as maybe stimulus comes back there and the economy improves, we're going to see a significant build-out. Then there's the change in technology that we're seeing that -- moving to OLED, moving to metal oxide, these experience-oriented elements, we believe, are going to shorten the replacement time for TVs coming up, certainly over the next 5 years. And then the final element is we still believe that smart TV or potentially Apple TV, if it's a disruptive factor, can spur a replacement demand for TVs. So we still think there are elements out there in the market that are going to push demand even though today, flat-panel TV is the -- we've moved from the flat-panel TV build-out era, if you will, where every 1.5 years we change the size of the glass to now we're really looking at viewer experience, working with the customers on how to improve the technology to deliver that.
Michael R. Splinter: No. I would say, Jim, we've had a history of looking at our businesses and product lines that don't meet our investments hurdle, and I don't think that's changed. We're going to look at every one of our products and make sure that they're really solving high-value problems for our customers and they have significant enough differentiation to be sustainable in the future. But everything, certainly in our portfolio reviews, everything is on the table.
Michael R. Splinter: I think shorter lead times are necessary for this seasonality to be in play. But the primary driver of this seasonality is the introduction time of new models, so smartphones and tablets and the buying pattern of consumers. And then our customers are backing up from that when they need to have those parts in production to the dates they need equipment. And because those are pretty consistent, I think, among most of the process equipment companies, you can see these kind of seasonal peaks. And I would say that we've mapped this out. Actually, you can see it for 3 years, at least maybe you can see it for longer. But in the last 3 years, each year the peak has been getting higher in and around our Q2 time period. So that's kind of how we're looking at. It takes more than one factor here to produce this. But you're right, part of it is supply-chain compression.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, we would say that -- as George just mentioned, logic is down in Q4. But what we would say about the overall segment is we would -- 2012 has pretty much played out as we thought it would. We think 2013 will still be an up year for logic spending, as the major player there moves to the next generation of technology where we're certainly seeing many more process steps moving to the next node. So I think there's no real fundamental changes in logic other than the macroeconomic effects.
Michael R. Splinter: Yes. Memory is really still largely tied to the success of PCs. So if we see more strength in the PC business next year, that could provide increase in capacity. But in flash, flash factories are under loaded today. I think we've seen cap -- investment pullback fairly significantly. We're kind of down to $1 billion a quarter in both DRAM and NAND investments per quarter. I don't -- I would not predict that we're going to see an early change in that vector. Maybe later in the year as we see more momentum. We would expect more mobile DRAM and some increase in bits per box on the mobile devices. But that's just not enough to provide greater than, let's say, 70% bit growth in NAND that we kind of need to see increased investment and greater than 50% -- 40% to 50% in DRAM to get that kind of investment growth.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, we certainly think that this seasonality trend will continue into 2013. We can already get views from customers on how they want us to position our capacity and orders throughout the year. I would say it's too early to make any specific claims on 2013, other than we do think that again, it will be above $30 billion of overall investment. So that's still a pretty strong investment as we see the continued build-out of smartphones, tablets, increased investment in logic. And we're quite hopeful that there will be a bounce in PCs with ultrabooks getting more cost effective and Windows 8 really coming into large-scale production.
Michael R. Splinter: First, I think the real difference between -- differences between the foundries is their -- part of their business that's dependent on smartphones and tablets, mobile devices, I think that's the biggest factor. And whether that divides out by Korea and Taiwan versus U.S., it may. But I think there is somewhat different. But the rest of the foundries can't make up the difference for the 2 biggest foundries major seasonality that we're seeing. On Varian, actually if you look inside our businesses, the products that are aimed in and around the transistor are doing better than those that are more mature processes. So I think that's kind of a general statement that we're to look where we have real strength even in the bottom of this cycle. So I think when you look at some of the CVDs, some of the metal depositions in and around the transistor where things are changing very, very rapidly, people have moved high-k, then to High-k/Metal Gate, metal gate last, and now to finFETs, we're going to be seeing rapid changes here. So customers have to invest in those areas that are really making the transistor. And of course that includes the implant, Mehdi, to your point.
Michael R. Splinter: I think that's really totally dependent on solid-state drives. And this has been something that we've been expecting to take off for some period of time, it hasn't taken off. I think our next hope is that solid-state drives will take off in ultrabooks. We've been quite disappointed that tablets and smartphones haven't accelerated the use of flash capacity. It's been -- really DRAM per box has been very, very modestly increasing. Right now, our estimates are that the NAND business is $26 billion, $27 billion. DRAM is $28 billion to $30 billion. So they're pretty close right now. So if one of them had a surge, it would pass -- of growth, it would pass the other. So it could happen even next year.
Michael R. Splinter: I believe that it's primarily digestion and where they have to meet their peak demand, they have to have product and they have to have these products in production to meet their peak demand over these next 3 months to be prepared for holiday selling season. So I believe that's primarily it. There are some facility issues we know that have pushed out some of the equipment demand. I think the only thing that would slow down a recovery or a bounce back where they're putting on capacity, again getting ready for next year is a macroeconomic slowdown that's more pronounced than what we have today. We have to remember if we look back to the first part of -- first half of 2012, foundries were short of capacity. It has spurred a lot of talk about customer owned capacity and the like. I don't think that the foundries want to get into that situation again, if they can avoid it. So we're confident that we're going to see a step-up of buying near the end of the year and into next year.
George S. Davis: Edwin, it's George. One of the reasons why we're not changing it, when we updated at SEMICON, we talked a lot about the uncertainty in foundry and the outlook that we have seen, which was a strong pullback in foundry. So when we lowered it, we already have the foundry action pretty much in our thinking. I would say the one thing that is marginally worse than we expected at SEMICON has really been NAND push-outs have been stronger and deeper than we anticipated.
George S. Davis: Yes. I think what you've seen is if you kind of compare year-over-year, that's probably the easiest way to think about it. We've had -- the biggest drivers of increases in our OpEx is number one, we didn't have Varian last year at this time. So we've got the Varian spend and then you’ve got 450. And what you're seeing there though is a reduction in OpEx from a variety of discretionary activities which quite frankly, we also had some of those in Q4 last year, because that was the down quarter for last year. But if you look at our non-semi businesses, they're down between 17% and 20% in their OpEx year-over-year. And that's helping us be able to kind of manage some of the fluctuation and also it's part of obviously the restructuring program that we have going on in EES as well.
George S. Davis: Terence, your analysis is right on. It's -- the difference is the inventory charges taken. And we've been running with some degree of inventory write-downs as we've been going on. And that -- if you look at the underlying operating impact of that business, it will be about $0.06 for the year, and then the inventory adds another, say $0.04 to that picture. Gives you about $0.10 for the year. But that's for the quarter, your analysis is spot on.
George S. Davis: Yes. I would say again, I think directionally, foundry is where we thought it would be. We gave it a range, we said foundry would have about a $0.15 to $0.20 impact on the year. I would say we're probably more at the $0.20 end of the range as we look at what actually came out. But it was within kind of our view of what could happen. Again, I would go back to the fact that NAND has been a little bit weaker in the second half. That's been a factor that's certainly impacting us in this quarter. But also as Mike said, the macroeconomic effect is if you look at DRAM customers we think could be down, this is on a revenue basis, close to 35% to 40% in the quarter as well. Logic will be down probably 20% to 25% quarter-over-quarter as well. Obviously the big hitter is foundry and NAND, but even the other customers are down in the quarter.
George S. Davis: Satya, I would also observe that our non-semi businesses, if you go back to the beginning of the year to where the year has played out, that turned out to be weaker in general that we had anticipated at the start of the year.
George S. Davis: I agree that's -- yes, Vishal, I would also add that I think you certainly see a more moderate pattern and more -- you don't see quite the level of seasonality in the logic side. And I would say in the fourth quarter, it may be one of the few positive order areas for the company as well.
George S. Davis: So we're certainly seeing competitive -- many of our competitors that don't have the kind of balance sheets that one would like to have to weather the kind of market environment we're seeing, certainly it's a little deeper and longer than we had anticipated. So we're taking actions to lower our cost structure in the face of that. But there are some companies where the ability to weather this time period is a real question. And ultimately, that should be helpful coming out of this.
George S. Davis: Yes. My sense is when we break these things down, particularly when you see downdrafts like this, it's virtually always a function of rev rec or and shipment recognition.
George S. Davis: Well, we're working hard on the program that we announced. We just took the first restructuring charges this quarter. So -- and we've got a lot of work to do. We'll continue to look at it. And if we need to take additional action, we will. But we've got a lot to do right now.
George S. Davis: Sure. I think if you adjust for Varian, you'd have to look back probably closer to Q4 '09 to see this kind of quarter. And I would say what you're seeing is hyper-seasonality this quarter where you've got not only kind of the typical pattern that we've been talking about. But you can see, if you look from the peak to the bottom, you've gone almost 11 -- we had about 33% of our SSG quarter was in our Q2. 14% of our full year will be in our Q4. So you've got a major delta between the high and the low. And I think that's really seasonality. In fact in the first half of the year, I mean there's a lot of observation about how we were outpacing the rest of the industry. So you're really seeing more timing and seasonality. And for this kind of move, share is not a factor.
George S. Davis: Well, as you know, we took the models down in recognition of the fact that we have this additional spending already. We'll certainly -- we're looking wherever we can at places where we can further reduce costs so that we can expand the spending further on critical programs without moving away from the existing business models. And that's our plan for the time being.
George S. Davis: Yes, because we're -- as we've already talked about, you've already seen a shift of spending towards SSG and away from some of our non-semi businesses as we restructure -- particularly as we restructure our EES segment.
George S. Davis: Certainly, it's -- I wouldn't describe it as a new low. We had a period during the '09 where we were lower. But certainly if you look through normal operating conditions, the midpoint of the guidance would be slightly below the lowest previous quarter in there. And again, I think it's a reflection of how that organization runs and how we've been able to basically invest in the new products that they've needed. They've done a great job in taking share in these new mobility markets, while at the same time, as we said, taking down their operating spending. So they're very focused on being breakeven in a difficult environment, and that's currently what we see.
George S. Davis: No. This is really about basic television infrastructure build-out, primarily in China and the timing of that, which has been impacted by the macroeconomic conditions, and also the largest market for televisions now is China. And China has been much softer than expected as people set their plans. I think a number of our customers felt they'd be ramping up capacity in China at the back end of this year, and now it looks like that will be sometime in '13.
George S. Davis: Again, it gets back to the comments Mike made earlier, which is foundry is going to have to come back. And as you know, when foundries are ordering, we typically go to almost a turns business, where in the first half of the year, many of the orders were earning about 70% in the quarter, booked and shipped in the quarter. So you can't always -- you can't always see the -- or use the prior quarter as predictive as we used to be able to do in the good old days.
