Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thank you, Kyle. Today, we'll discuss the results for our fourth quarter and 2015 fiscal year, which ended on October 25. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability, and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of November 12, 2015, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor's page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Kyle, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan - Vice President: All right. Thank you, Wes. And we'd like to thank, everyone, for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, I'd be happy to do it. Let me give you a little more color on the mix issue because we've talked about a lot. If you go look at the WFE mix for the last several years, for the three-year average from 2012 to 2014, foundry spending was about – almost 44% of the WFE mix. If you go look at DRAM, it was about 14.5% and NAND was about 17.7%. If you go look at this year, foundry was about 34.5%, DRAM was up to 25.1% and NAND was about 23.5%. We think foundry goes up as a percentage of the mix next year and NAND goes up. Now, foundry is our highest percentage of WFE and NAND, which used to trail is approaching at the 3D inflection our share for foundry. So there's two stronger relative spending areas we see next year are foundry and especially NAND around V-NAND, where we say it's over 80% of the NAND spending next year. So if you trail it down, we see gross margin and revenue opportunities for us, share opportunities and gross margin improvement opportunities. Now, we see those more in the second half because we think foundry is heavier in the second half, particularly around the 10-nanometer inflection. We think NAND is strong, but a little stronger in the second half. DRAM could go 50-50 split and logic could be pretty even. So if you look at the quarters in here, and I'm going to get to your specific question, C.J., but to give you context, I thought this would be helpful. We're assuming that our Q2 revenues and gross margins will be similar to Q1 with pickup in the second half. And in the second half, we see a booster for our revenues and our gross margins. And the gross margins, the opportunity for the company to improve are – we could go up quarter-on-quarter, half-on-half, we could go up – there's a lot of mix issues there, but the opportunity is a couple of points, half-on-half.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure. So we see total V-NAND this year to be 150 ending this year. We see total ending next year to be about 350 to 400. That's a combination of adds and converts. Over 80% of the spend is on NAND. And then in terms total brand new adds, it depends on the customer converts. The total is going to get to 350, 400, we think, by the end of the year.
Robert J. Halliday: Yeah, we think, overall, Logic is up somewhat. It's on the up, a little bit up, frankly. And that we don't have classified in Logic Intel's initiative in memory, right? So, that's in their memory bucket. And then the third issue is there's some other cats and dogs or smaller opportunities down below the Intel level, so it's not all Intel. So some of those aren't growing as much as Intel.
Robert J. Halliday: No, it's really more of an OpEx management issue and we're kind of mitigating that with two weeks of shutdown to offset the full extra week of OpEx expense.
Robert J. Halliday: Yeah, if you look at the revenue growth in display, it's pretty impressive. You know, they were 473 in 2012, 538, 615, 739, 780 and we think next year is a strong year also. And then also we bundled the display upgrades into AGS. So when you gross up the display business, it is probably next year pretty close to $1 billion, all in, including some services, too, I guess. So it's growing pretty well.
Robert J. Halliday: So if you go look, Farhan, this is Bob. So in 2015, WFE for the industry, we think for the total WFE was probably like 48%-52% something like that. I personally think next year WFE is all of that and maybe a little more back-end loaded because in 2015 you had foundry back-end loaded more and you get that again next year. But I think the memory is not – it's pretty good memory year by the next year but not as strong in the front end as it was this year, okay? So I think 48%-52%, it's that or more than that next year in terms of back-end load. That's for the industry. Now for Applied Materials, we always tend to be back-end loaded just because the way we run quarters and December calendar year-end. So this year, I think, we were like 57% in the second calendar half, 43%-57%. I don't want to give an exact number, but I don't know why it would be any different than that. Because I think the industry is somewhere where we're strong, foundry and V-NAND is more second half, so I think you're talking those type of numbers.
Robert J. Halliday: Yeah, we did $625 million in the first quarter, which wasn't a full quarter. We did $700 million on the buyback in the second quarter, that's $1,325 million. And then we have a matrix that tracks the volume by the price. So my guess is that Q3 is a good size buyback, maybe not quite as big as the – next quarter, I think, might be a good size number, somewhere between the first two quarters we did, is my guess. But it depends on the stock price, right? In terms of, we originally said we'd get done three years, then two years, it may be shorter than two years but I don't want to predict it right now, because it's based on stock prices at any given point. Oh, and the dividend is the other question. We addressed – the dividend is a board decision. We had that meeting in like February/March with the board every year. The board's always been very supportive of all forms of cash returns to investors. In fact, if you look at Applied over the last one year, three year, five year, I think even 10 years, we've returned about 100% of free cash flow to investors. So the board will talk to us about a dividend versus buyback versus other things in February/March. And I think they'll be open-minded on everything. But no decisions were made.
Robert J. Halliday: We think AGS has a very good opportunity to grow their revenue line next year, and I think they're in very good shape to hit the model we put up for 2018. In terms of whether they outgrow the semi business or not, and a lot of variables in terms of WFE spending. But I think they're going to have a strong year. They had a really great year this year.
Robert J. Halliday: Yeah, we'll be year – fiscal year – fiscal, yeah, we'd like to be down a little bit, or flat to down a little bit.
Robert J. Halliday: Well, we had a backlog adjustment earlier in the year in foundry, as you remember, and then I think we had some FX. Hold on. I'm looking it up. $13 million was – yeah, there's a cancellation. There's a bunch of small ones, really. There's no big pattern. Currency adjust was $27 million. That's buried in there too. So those $27 million was foreign exchange, $24 million in SSG, $3 million in solar. So a lot of it was foreign exchange movement too.
Robert J. Halliday: Yeah, we don't break that out. What we've said is that it was strong year for 200 millimeter tool sales, up a fair amount from last year. And we think it'll be pretty strong next year too. There's couple of big demand drivers there. One is, you don't quite realize it, but your average cellphone's got a lot of sensors in there, so a lot of those sensors are made of 200 millimeter devices. The second is, the whole automobile and sensors business is growing quite a bit. So both of those look like they'll be pretty good next year too.
Robert J. Halliday: Well, it's hard to talk about those in advance. We consistently screen all the businesses. The one that consistently we're ramping down is the solar business, frankly, because the market is bad. Right? But other than that we don't have much we would talk about right now.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, thanks for the question. Clearly, a lot of activity in China, as you've said, we have a very strong position in China. Applied just celebrated 30 years in China. We've got a great team and great capability there, very strong customer relationships and very strong share positions with Chinese companies and the multinational companies that are in China. There are a number of projects that people are talking about. There's certainly going to be some incremental wafer fab equipment spending in 2016. I don't know that we want to give a specific number right now. But I would say there are a lot of projects that are in the pipeline. And that could be from a strategic investment standpoint additive for wafer fab equipment. And our share there, Bob talked about our share in foundry. Our share in China is very, very, very strong. And again, 30 years we've built a very strong team there.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. Again, thanks for the question. We like our strategy. As I've talked about on the call and also Bob's talked about, we have a very strong position in transistor and interconnect when foundry ramps, and Bob talked about that being in the second half of calendar 2016. We have strong customer pull for Etch, deposition and inspection. Very, very strong customer pull. We're growing the service business, significant opportunity to grow our display CAM, two, three X above where we're at right now, great alignment and pull from customers for our R&D pipeline. So, we're very focused on our opportunities. Bottom line, we're winning on selections, we have a good position to grow as our customers move to next generation technologies in semi and display. Regarding Applied M&A, really nothing has changed relative to our strategy. We're very selective in the opportunities that we look for. There are really three criteria that are the same that we talked about before: financial return, strategic alignment, leadership in whatever segments the company is participating in. So those are the things that we look for. The hurdle for us is very high. Obviously we can't talk about anything that we're specifically looking at from an M&A standpoint. But, again, bottom line, we're winning in selection and our strategy is positioning us really well to create value for customers and grow the business.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, as I said before, if you look at our business, break it down into different pieces, foundry is down a significant amount relative to the mix, and if you look at our position in transistor and interconnect when foundry ramps, that is a real strength and really a unique strength for Applied Materials, epi, PVD, implant, CMP, RTP, all of those areas are very strong leadership positions for Applied. The incremental profitability, as that CapEx increases, there's a lot of drop-through to the bottom line. So the mix this year of memory versus foundry, is different than what we've seen over the last few years. So when foundry comes back, we're in a better position than any company, really, relative to the incremental profitability. The other thing on the foundry is that, at 10-nanometer different than 16-nanometer, there are big changes in terms of the device architecture. Interconnect is growing a significant amount, and our share and number of steps will grow as those devices ramp. So that's one that's a big driver for us when the mix comes back. We've talked about the products that we've introduced, the really tremendous momentum we have in Etch, the CVD, ALD, these areas that are growing for us at a very high rate. And I still think we're in the early innings relative to the pull that we have from customers. You're going to continue to see growth in those areas as we go forward. And as Bob talked about, our memory position has increased significantly. So as the customers are ramping those 3D NAND technologies, that puts us in a good position. We're growing the service business and we believe it's sustainable growth in service. And as our customers move to new technologies and displays, that's another area where they're adding steps, depositions, materials engineering steps that give us a great opportunity. So you put all those things together, again we're winning in inflection and we really have a great opportunity to grow in all of our different business segments as customers transition to these new technologies.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, Tim, many thanks for the questions. So, again, if you look at our businesses, if you get to a mix of foundry and memory that's more similar to what we've seen in the past. As I said before, our transistor and interconnect business is very, very, very strong. And we see growth in terms of the number of steps, as our customers are transitioning to these next-generation devices. If you look at Etch and deposition, we've grown maybe $1 billion over the last two years or three years. We still think there's a lot of opportunity to continue to grow there going forward. A significant opportunity. One of the things I talked about this last year is that we had a goal of 25 applications wins. We actually won 49 new applications. And that gives us a great tailwind going forward in terms of those areas. So that's $10 billion market opportunity where our share momentum is strong, we have great products, we're winning applications, critical applications with customers in those areas. So big opportunity for us to grow. Service has grown about $500 million over the last two years. And in display, what we've talked about is the opportunity to triple our TAM. And we could be somewhere around $1 billion in display this year. And there are changes in technology that will happen in display that are also great opportunities for us. So you put all those things together and you have a more normalized mix in terms of memory foundry, mobile, TV, and you have a market around 33.5 billion in wafer fab equipment. We have a lot of momentum to hit the model that we had talked about before. Now, relative to the areas that you talked about, Tim, all I can say here is that we have the same criteria that we had before, the financial returns, strategic alignment, leadership in whatever businesses that we're looking at, but we really can't comment in a public forum like this on anything that we're looking at. The other thing I would say, though, is we have a very high bar for M&A, but I also believe you miss the 100% of the shots you don't take. We have a great team at Applied Materials, and I think if we find the right opportunity, I have tremendous confidence that we can execute on that opportunity. Bob, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Gary E. Dickerson: If you were consolidating in display, the display upgrades, it's been in the service business, so that had been segmented out of display, and we're going to consolidate also the web business into display. So you put all those things together, and you get closer to $1 billion. Again, we had segmented out the upgrade business there, which is different than what we've done with some of our other segments. So put all those things together and that's how you get closer to the $1 billion. And what I would say, if you look at – we can't talk about specifically what customers are doing, but there's some big changes in the display market that could be really great opportunities for us over the next two years to three years to grow that business even further.
Gary E. Dickerson: I'll start, you can finish? So if you go look at 2015 a couple of things happened. The biggest thing was if you go look at this, you got to look at the node and the previous node and the next node when you consider spending and reuse. So if you go look, I don't think anyone thought that 20-nanometer was a super device. A lot of customers, and you guys know this, looked forward to the introduction of FinFETs and the FinFET device at 16-nanometer/14-nanometer was a more powerful device for them in terms of processor and power. Right? So not too many customers did 20-nanometer tape-outs. You know that, right? What we're seeing is that 16-nanometer/14-nanometer, by the time they're done, is going to be a big node for tape-outs. So what you had is a fair amount of the equipment at 20-nanometer can move to 16-nanometer/14-nanometer. So it is the height of the opportunity for reuse because there weren't a lot of tape-outs at 20-nanometer. Now, when you go to 10-nanometer – now, the one thing that helped you at 20-nanometer for the one particular customer that went big with 20-nanometer. They buy a fair amount of equipment at the first part of this two node buyout, 20-nanometer/16-nanometer, so the 10-7, because a lot of the equipment is necessary for interconnect and they buy at the front end, it was two node buying pattern. Now that's very good for Applied, frankly. So as you look at the transition from 20-nanometer to 16-nanometer versus 16-nanometer to 10-nanometer, the plus, you kind of had them both, is the big spend on interconnect and a little bit of the front end. We benefit from that. What you had as a minus, two minuses kind of at the 20-nanometer to 16-nanometer node, a lot of people moved their demand from 20-nanometer to 16-nanometer and there wasn't a lot of backfill. So 16-nanometer projects to be a big long node, so a lot of that capacity is going to stay there and not move to 10-nanometer. So you're going to get a fair amount of buying at the 10-nanometer node. So we think 10-nanometer is a pretty big spending node for us and I think the customers say that too.
Gary E. Dickerson: And many new steps. If you look at the interconnect stuff, it's up high percentage and that's a very good sweet spot for us. 10-nanometer will be big because you've got a node before you at 16-nanometer/14-nanometer, that's a powerful node, so not going to going move everything to 10-nanometer, they're going to keep a lot at 16-nanometer/14-nanometer. They're still growing. And then 10-nanometer will be good because you've got the FinFET and you've got the new interconnect. You didn't have the new FinFET at 20-nanometer.
Gary E. Dickerson: Well, I would say in Etch with Sym3, we went from something like 10 chambers to close to 500 chambers, 450 chambers in five quarters. We've never seen a ramp like that at Applied Materials and you very rarely see that kind of adoption anywhere in the industry. And I was traveling actually most of the last six weeks with pretty much all of our major customers. The pull is really phenomenal. I talked about the 49 application wins in Etch and CVD. We have tremendous, tremendous pull from customers and we're winning critical applications also. This is not just non-critical applications. Some of the most critical applications, the design of our technology is outperforming the competition. So we look at that – the Etch business, $6 billion market, it's a great opportunity for us. Relative to your question on dielectric Etch, again, you have a $6 billion market, we certainly have gained share, but our position going forward on new applications is also very, very strong. And the pull from customers is tremendous. So our focus has been really on conductor Etch. We wanted to go where we had the best opportunities, where we could create the most value for the customers. We continue to focus on areas that are the best fit for our differentiated technology and customer high value problems. And I can tell you, there's still a lot of room there for us to grow in the Etch business. So tremendous growth over the last few years, but still phenomenal pull and momentum and opportunity for us going forward. In E-Beam inspection, I wouldn't say the game is anywhere close to over. Our PDC business, the majority of our revenue in PDC comes from E-Beam products. We have very strong position in E Beam review. We've gained some share in CD SEM, CD metrology also. And really the focus there is around the most critical imaging applications. We have world class electron optics, and the team is bringing that technology leadership now into E-Beam inspection and we have a great opportunity going forward. So I wouldn't say – again, I've been in this kind of a business for a long, long time. I don't think this game is anywhere close to over. We have a great opportunity there.
Gary E. Dickerson: Okay. Great. Yeah. Thanks. So if you look at integrated process control, the adoption has been very limited over time. There are a few examples, CMP is one. Another one that has some adoption is ASML's YieldStar product. It's not a new concept. We have a very good understanding of these opportunities, but we really can't comment on our strategy and either company's long-term road map. But I would say that we have a very, very good understanding of this particular area.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, what I would say in Etch, deposition and inspection, we have, as I said earlier, incredible pull from customers in Etch and deposition. Especially as they're moving to new device technologies. There's a lot of new materials that are going to be implemented where we have a very strong position. I talked about the number of applications wins earlier. So we already have very strong pull from customers, with the enabling technologies, the new platforms that we have implemented in those areas. Also very, very strong pull from customers on inspection. Deeper technologies engagements than we've ever had before, as our customers are moving to these new device structures. And really a great opportunity, really great opportunity. Strong pull from customers.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, so in UVision we have a good position in foundry and logic. Also we had a recent multiple tool order in memory for the UVision 7, so we're making progress there in that part of the business. On the E-Beam area, again, as I said before, we have really very strong electron optics. We've got a strong position in E-Beam review and putting all that together, we think it's a great opportunity for us. We're not ready to quantify the exact number in terms of the potential there, but it is a fast growing part of the market and with the technology and the team we have, we think that it's a good opportunity going forward.
