Michael Sullivan: Thank you. In a moment, we’ll discuss the results for our fourth quarter and 2016 fiscal year which ended on October 30th. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements including Applied’s current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, profitability and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied’s most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management’s estimates, projections and assumptions as of November 17, 2016, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today’s earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor’s page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks Bob. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question at this time. If you have any additional question later, please call the operator and we will do our best to answer that later in the call. Operator let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Okay, thanks Bob. And we’d like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. So thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary Dickerson: Sure, in our fiscal year and our calendar year next year, we think in the semi, it’s going to be healthier in general for the environment. We feel good about environment. We’re going to gain shares. We don’t want to exact numbers right now, but we’re gain WFE shares in year in a number of place. And then in display, we see display revenues up significant amount next year. And then, we see the service business continue to grow. So we will outperform the market we're in, but additionally we think the markets are pretty good next year. Our outlook is WFE up. Our outlook is that spending on cap on display equipments is up and service again.
Gary Dickerson: Well while we said earlier on the call was that we see our bookings continuing strong, but the relative books quarter-to-quarter in particular we’re going to stop reporting booking after Q1. We're going to you in Q1, Q1 we see up meaningfully and what we mean by meaningfully is up more than strong double digits, okay from Q4. So people have been worried that peaked in Q3 bookings down some in Q4. We see a strong Q1 and we see a strong year overall. So, we think the momentum is still with us, and our revenues are going to be up, and our shares are going to up next year. In terms of quarterly variability and orders, I'm not sure. In terms of book to bill next year, we don’t have clarity on the second half. Here, it's too early first to tell. But we see a strong WFE year share up, strong spending on display. Frankly, it's more strong in both of those than we saw it eight weeks ago for instance period that large TVs are doing well, the gen 10 stuff, the profitability at the displays guys is good. So, we see display is pretty down strong next year, we see breadthening demand for mobile display up to nine or ten people trying to make OLED displays, not the mobile. And then within WFE, we're getting a lot of pull from customers to increase production and shipments. So, we think overall as next year we think we're going to get very healthy bookings whether it's where it is relative to one I don’t know right now.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I would say that Applied was strong in all regions including China. And as we've talked about before, it's one of the strongest regions in semi and display. Right now, it looks like '17 is going to be roughly the same as '16, but it's up a pretty significant amount from where we were a couple of years ago. 2018, we think could be meaningfully up above the 2017 forecast. So those were my thoughts.
Gary Dickerson: Our strategy overall is inflection focused innovation and what we've talked about in display is an opportunity to triple our served market over the next few years. The team of display is really-really an outstanding team driving innovative new products, targeting major customer inflections and you can already see growth in display with thin-film encapsulation and e-beam, two products that we've introduced in the last couple of years that are really generating meaningful revenue for the display business. And so, we're really continuing the same playbook, we're focused on in selections that are meaningful for our customers. We have very strong pull and investment from customers in these new products and high confidence that these new businesses will add meaningful revenue for our display business and increased confidence that we're going to hit or exceed the model that we showed for 2019. We will disclose more about the specific products in 2017, next year.
Gary Dickerson: We talked about patterning at our investor meeting in New York and we see patterning as a great opportunity. We forecasted about $3 billion TAM by 2019, and when we look at EUV adoption we agree with others that the view of EUV is going to be mostly focused on vias and cuts in logic. So when you look at the leading customer roadmaps, vias and cuts in logics is about 20% of the total patterning TAM, 80% of the TAM will continue to add multi-patterning and that gives us increased confidence in the $3 billion estimate that we had at our investor meeting. Basically, if you take the most aggressive EUV assumption for adoption, something like 10 layers adopted at five nanometer logic for vias and cuts, you come up to the $3 billion estimate, of course if it's not in this most aggressive assumption then the TAM could be higher. And Applied is really in a great position to gain share, we talked about a $1 billion number in our model for 2019 for Applied, and we've great confidence in that number. We've already gained 15 points of share in patterning since 2012. We're forecasting at least 50% more between now and 2019, really great products in edge, in selective removal, CVD, ALD, CMP, really-really-really great new products and we've line of sight to the 2019 model with many application wins and increasing customer poll for these innovative new products.
Gary Dickerson: I’m trying get up my borders bad habit, but I'll try to help a little bit. What we said last quarter to make, we a put a floor because we have spiked up a lot in every metric you can measure last few quarter, orders, revenue EPS. We want to give people a sense. We’re going to continue strong that our share gains, our revenue growth our operating margin expansion was sustainable. So what we said last quarter was, hey, orders are not going to fall for cliff. The numbers are going to start with three in the next two quarters Q4, and Q1, and in fact they will start with the three and in fact the three was a little bit lot of -- we thought it will be little higher in Q4. And some of those one in the Q1, so we think we’re up double digits in Q1. So, it’s prior a little bit timing and the magnitude is quite little stronger because where we’re getting pull is on some flash devices like that 3D NAND. So, it’s strong and it’s probably stronger even thought 2 months ago.
Gary Dickerson: I don’t about next year but I would say that we’re definitely increasingly bullish about the longer term. We’ve talked about five drivers in our model between now and 2019. This multiyear way, so we’re very confident in those drivers, and we’ve talked about that in the prepared remarks. But I would say definitely increasingly bullish relative to the longer term opportunity, as we’re engaged with some of the leading technology companies, around cognitive computing, smart vehicles you saw, big announcement from Samsung this week with an $8 billion acquisition. There is incredible amount of money being spent. And when you look at these drivers, VR, AR, smart vehicles, cognitive computing, all of these different areas. You need a higher performance computing and we had the CEO of one company that was here recently, and we were talking about logic devices, what are the size of those logic devices going to be? And basically he said, as big as I can build them, as big as I can fit it into radical field. And he was also talking about the amount of memory that's going to be needed for some of the future applications. And it’s much, much bigger than I think any of us could imagine. So I would think, we are much more bullish about the longer term relative to the drivers for high performance computing and for memory. I'm also bullish about the innovation pipeline that we have within Applied Materials. I really believe that the 500 million per year that we've moved in terms of innovation, we are already enabling people to design devices that they could not have dreamed of building a few years ago, and I strongly believe that the pipeline we have now the best is still coming in that pipeline. So I'm really bullish about the market. Bob talked about where we compete being better, more stable, upward trajectory, less volatile. Applied is in the best position we've ever been in to enable all of these great big inflections to happen.
Gary Dickerson: Our line was quite for a moment. It sounded like you were talking about 10 nanometers and with the capacity at the end of the year or something, so we can quite sure.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, the incremental operating profit, if we look at China is pretty good for us. We have a very strong position nearly great relationships and then really great teams supporting customers both multinationals and the domestic companies and also the incremental profit for us in display is positive for the company overall.
Bob Halliday: Sure, part of what we were answering that was that we think its wended back into the '18 too. So, if you look at '17, we think, NAND is up next year. We think foundry strong and we think logic is pretty good. DRAM is up some next year, but what we don’t see as high levels of absolute DRAM spending because this year is not too big. What we’re modeling and we might be a little conservative, it's not a big change in China spending, we think that hits more in '18, if you just look at buildings and shelves and stuffs like that. We are big believers China is going happen. So we think we’ve wended our back into '18 based on our few things. We things China ramps fair mount amore in '18. We think DRAM probably is upside in '18, not to mention semis altered form memories we're starting to see early now. And thirdly, NAND might be end of next year probably going to get about 7,000 wafer starts, something about 1.4 million. And we think all of that eventually get, virtually all of that gets converted. So, we think there is still strong NAND spending in ’18.
Bob Halliday: Well, I'd tell you what’s in -- I'll give you a sense of what's in the numbers and I'll give you my qualitative assessment on the numbers a little bit. We think it's down little bit next year, but the numbers there stays down over the next year, but we think it's flat. So, I think I'm probably conservative on that. So what buried in my numbers is down little bit, but we think that is probably upside that. Gary is shaking his head, but he definitely doesn’t think it's down next year.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I do believe that as we said on the call, the previous part of the call, I do think it's more seasonal than cyclical. We have a lot of data that shows that some friends even if you look as we said, the script we got asked the most questions about at the Analyst Day was this average WFE spending since 2010 is up to like 31.7 billion. I think it is with the volatility about 2.8 versus 2009, it was like 25.5 with a volatility of 8 billion. I'll give you more details on that. If you look at memory as a sum because virtually every customer makes DRAM and NAND, the average before 2010 one standard deviation, one sigma was 6 billion on an average spent of 10.7. Since 2010, its $3 billion standard deviation on an average spent of 12 when you put DRAM and NAND together. The second thing is virtually every year there is 2012 I think it is, it’s a pretty much 1 billion to 2 billion every year total memory spending. Now if you get loss in the weeds between DRAM and NAND, it's all different. But the companies manage their budget that way. They still got to put DRAM this year and NAND in that year, RAM fab this year the other fab next year. And then on foundry, foundry spending before 2010, it was $2 billion on an average, if the standard deviation was 2 billion FinEET was 1.5 billion on the spent of 12 brand, and the spend pre-2010 average 4.5. So the magnitude of these standard deviations the volatility is going down, really it's seasonally not cyclical. In terms of to your specific question about I guess this was about next year, we are not exactly sure, I'll give us some data for us. We think our Q1 bookings were up. We think our year WFE is up. We think our share is up. Just because the data, we think year-over-year it’s a chance that every quarter year-over-year is up. So I think in terms of the seasonality specifically asked on foundry. Historically spending on WFE and foundry, foundry is the one to tend to be a little more seasonal because it's Christmas and Chinese New Year. They historically are taking equipment more March through August, end of February through August. And then they might have another spur if they need more latter in the year. This year it was a little different because one of the big foundry customers is trying to more level low themselves and get head start on 10 nanometer. So we have little bit different cycle in terms of spending because remember 10 NAND is shipping from next year. And then the other thing in May this year little different is, there is just sustained demand for 3D NAND. So we had started at the beginning of year, we have a pull at the end of the year. So the seasonal which is kind of more cyclicality is being mapped to be a technology transition, which is very helpful too. And again that’s not so much cyclical, it’s more of technology trend that’s going to go in for years.
Bob Halliday: Sure. Joe. Let me -- this is going to be historic day, I'm going to use phraseology on this in the next minute, it's never been used by a CFO and American Public Company before. All right so hold on. So I have a couple of slides in front of me that shows the demand for solid state disk drive market growth in both enterprise and PCs. So these numbers you can argue them a little bit but I think they are in the ballpark. So, 2015 there was about 12 petabytes of demand for solid state disk drives in enterprise. That goes up to almost a 120,000 petabytes in 2020, so it goes from 12,000 to 120,000, okay. And on the PC side in 2015 it's about 20,000 going to 140,000 petabytes in 2020. Let me give you another way to look at those. Our estimates that the penetration across all PCs including workstation, no parks in 2015 was 21.8% and was only 15% 2014, up to 31.6% of those have solid state disk drives going to 77.5% in 2020. And if you go and look at the enterprise servers, this year it's about 20%, it was 14% of all in 2014 which is going to 26% in 2020. So, again the total petabytes, I'll use that word again, is going up over 100,000 petabytes from 2016 to 2020 in each PCs and enterprise. So the demand is there, they are expanding the addressable market for NAND. So other data I have seen is that for servers alone you might have to have 500,000 wafer starts of capacity and your average NAND effective 100,000 of cost about $5 billion or $6 billion, so that's about $25 billion to $30 billion, and upgrades are about another $25 billion to $30 billion. So, you could have $50 billion to $60 billion of spending and that's across caliber right now over the next sort of five years maybe, 2020 type data four or five years. So if you take it over four years, that's like you're going to be 50 billion net sales. So it's over 10 billion a year, so we've upped this year's forecast, next year we're over I think 11 in change. And I'm not sure it doesn't stay at 10 billion and more for a few years to come because we kind of look at the end user demand for solid state disk drives penetrating hard disk drives by market. We're looking at capital intensity and we're getting feedback from customers. And in the short term, this shipping every day can build. So what's the point, I think the NAND build out on for while and I think people underestimating it because the other thing is they're going to convert to 2D to 3D because they're not going to sell the 2D, and that'll drive down to sell even more 3D and hit cost points at even with the hard disk drives even faster. So I think there's a bunch evasion to get a number that could be 10 billion for a while.
Bob Halliday: I think we're seeing a few things, in actual spending, I think probably we're up -- we've slide on that. I think we're up probably more in TVs versus what we thought two months ago. We think that there's huge demand for OLED for mobile, the question is how much -- how fast can they ramp it? I mean I think its question of supply more than demand. I think TV, they can ramp the big TVs and they're going to ramp up pretty aggressively particularly in China, this gen 10.5 is ramping is going to be more to come after that. So we're up to over 16.5 next year for display CapEx. I don't have the numbers from two months ago but to grow is in both. But I think the thing is bigger in two months for us is the TV because the TV sizes are coming bigger than we thought, the individual TV sizes; and the profitability is quite strong in the TV panel business, which is a leading indicator of spending, and then these big fabs. So I think they both are very healthy, but I think the increase is based probably more on the TV side.
Bob Halliday: We can do DRAMs up next year, but we think most customers who make DRAM and NAND are setting a priority on NAND right now because they're seeing an expansion in their addressable market for NAND, number one. And number two; it's a competitive situation that they don't want to miss that growing market. In DRAM, their pricing is pretty good, so I think the capital goals will go to NAND.
Bob Halliday: Sure, the chart look I am looking at, we put -- I'll give you what I have easily available, okay. The spending in '16 in foundry 59% is we think estimating '16 is for 10/7, and about the same percentage next year because you are still seeing strength at some of the trailing edge stuff 28, and particularly 28 nano is pretty strong still in fact we think it might be up next year. And then in terms of the split between 10 and 7, the total capacity between 10 and 7 is around 70,000 to 80,000 wafer starts again at this year. But 110 to 130 to the next year, I think the vast majority that's 10 nanometer.
Bob Halliday: We never have it in the industry and I am not going to start now. I mean, we don’t give guidance out of year.
Bob Halliday: Here is all we gave you. We gave you a 2019 model. They gave you the WFE assumption, revenue assumption by product, share assumptions. We told you in the Analyst Day that our share gains were almost linear from now to 2019. And we told you that our service business was going to roll almost lineally by year. And we told you that display was going to be going up to that number too. So our growth in revenue from '15/'16 and 19, we think is pretty straight-lined. Now, giving an absolute numbers a year in advance, we don’t have that level precision.
Bob Halliday: I'll give a shot. In terms of -- okay, if you want to look at cost structures APPLIED, most of our sales are related to physical products resale and they share common factories, which are predominantly in Singapore and U.S. The material cost, product cost is similar and then Taiwan is a big source for our displays. So material cost structures and supply chains are worldwide, so where we sell them doesn’t matter too much for us. In terms of differentiation and mix which sometimes drive gross margin, different device type customers use different mix of our hardware and products. In terms of OLED, we look at the OLED display market for our existing products as being similar margin profiles to our TV markets and by regions summer. The opportunity for us in margin is the new products, we're going to be introducing in next couple of years in display, which we think of very highly differentiated and very attractive product which have upside for us. In terms of margins by region, it goes predominantly to mix of products. But historically, we provide a high level of service to customers in China and so we usually do well in terms of share there in particular.
Bob Halliday: We had one particular customer in 2015 that gave us orders pretty far and advance because they want to lock in capacity deliveries from us. So, I think that was the aberration. I think the trend line is up, if you look at total WFE, it's up for just flash; and if you look at our sales are up and probably they are up next year too. So we're little bit in 2015 one particular customer and particular want to get in to their pipeline in terms of the queue for production.
Bob Halliday: Sure, it seems like a year ago but we only had Analyst Day about six weeks ago here little more in the New York, and I have to say even in the last eight to nine weeks, I increasingly believe that the industry we serve are becoming more and more attractive than growing, and more diverse and less volatile. Gary talked about some of the demand drivers for our customers whether it's autonomous cars, it's virtual reality, it's AI big data. You really feel that's been driving the Silicon Valley. You see it everywhere. We had some of the CEOs of these companies coming and talk to us and it's real, it's happening. Look at some of the highest performing stocks in the states this year, that's what driving them. So one, the industries we serve and displays also that way were just kind of doubled in terms of spending and becoming more and more attractive and more demand drivers will predict the less volatile for us. Second Applied is performing better, I think we are more and more becoming more and more innovative and executing better in this compounding benefits from that. So, I think that's resulting in a broad range of opportunities. Our biggest promise is just picking and choosing among good opportunities at this point. So Applied is becoming more broader, more diverse and less volatile, and more predictably we're going to do better. Alright. And then finally, those two things combined and potential with tax legislation that there is really good opportunity to return superior cash returns to investors including which we've said I think we said earlier today that we we're conservative in the financial moving a lot, and we showed eight weeks ago in terms of the cash and we kept a little conservatives within the cash and the model because we were wanted to be opportunistic, if the world tax slot changes that we could return even greater return to the investors. So I think the industry is becoming more diverse and less volatile and more attract in terms of growth, more drivers. Applied is becoming that way and the leverage down to the cash line especially, if you get some tax legislation less attractive is pretty powerful combination for Applied.
