Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's third quarter of fiscal 2023 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Brice Hill, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q filing with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And with that introduction, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Brice. Our goal is to help as many of our analysts as possible. With that in mind, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have another question, please re-queue and we'll do our best to come back to you later in this session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Brice. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call is going to be available on the IR page of our website by 5:00 Pacific Time today, and we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Brice Hill: Thanks, Stacy. Thanks for your question. This is Brice. Yeah. So, we highlighted in Q4 that we'll see sequential growth in DRAM. It is related to confirming technologies that we can ship to customers in China. We've gotten lots of customers about that -- or questions about that during the quarter. So, we wanted to make sure that people got that answer. So you'll see that growth in Q4. It probably won't be the only quarter we'll -- where we'll have shipments along those lines, but we wanted to make that clear on the trend quarter-over-quarter. And one more thing that I'd add, we think that's probably something that's not well understood by the investors that while the memory market has been weak for our customers, the DRAM market actually has been fairly strong this year from an equipment perspective, and this is just a continuation of that profile for us. So, we've got a good position in DRAM, and that is manifesting in Q4.
Brice Hill: In Q3, there was a small amount of shipments to Chinese customers, so relatively small. Q4 would be larger.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, C.J. Maybe I'll start with the 2024, because I think you were embedding a question there on, in '23, how much did we benefit from unserved orders in '22? We think that's about $0.5 billion to $1 billion. All of that was served in the first half of the year. So, what you're seeing from us in '23 besides that $0.5 billion to $1 billion is largely tracking with the business that we see, the WFE business that we see during the year. So, there shouldn't be an overhang. There shouldn't be a benefit from any previously booked business that we see now or going forward. And, as far as sustainability, that's one question we get regularly. The second question that we get regularly is just about ICAPS and the sustainability from China. And well, that's the most the largest country in ICAPS for China. It's not the fastest growing. That's sort of a -- that's a global trend and a global demand function. We see that as very sustainable. We think Gate-All-Around will start shipping in earnest in '24. We think our Services business will grow in '24. We think that the Display business will be a little bit better in '24. So those are kind of the bits that we've given for '24. Otherwise, we're not going to give a specific forecast yet for '24 or for the January quarter.
Brice Hill: Hi, Vivek. Thanks for the question. I'll answer the second part first. So, we do think Applied will grow faster than whatever the WFE is for the market. And that's a good way to think of it, because we think of -- we think and plan for long-term secular growth, and we think we'll grow faster. On the question of pull forward, in specific to China, we've got many ways to test that equation. One of the things that we do is we look at the amount of local capacity relative to local consumption. We think that there's strategic direction in the country and strategic incentives in the country to make the investments that will at least equal local consumption. And we think those things are tracking together and can rationalize what they've put in place from that perspective. We also triangulate the overall capacity being purchased relative to semiconductor market itself. As you know, we test that with intensity and we make sure that equation makes sense to us. And then, from a micro perspective, we also look at the installation of our equipment. So, we make sure when it lands in China. We understand that it's installed, and then we track the utilization also at a macro level in the market. And we know that all that equipment is being installed and operated. And so, we don't see signs of unneeded or unwanted or unused equipment pulling up from that perspective. And we think the buys are rational at this point.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Toshiya. Good afternoon. On the ICAPS, we haven't articulated exactly how big it is. What we've said is, this year, it's our largest market. It grew very strongly last year. It's growing strongly again this year. And we've said, over the longer term, as you think about the business, it's probably a third ICAPS, a third leading logic, and a third memory. And that's about as much. But you can get a feel for it. As we said all year, the ICAPS business growth has been strong enough to offset weakness in NAND and leading logic. So those -- that will let you probably get a ballpark. On the regionalization, we do think that regionalization leads to a little bit more spending, globally for ICAPS. But we also look and see whether that's a sustainable trend from our perspective. We look at the underlying businesses and the growth rates of all the device types that are being invested, whether it's China or whether it's the different markets across the world. And we rationalize that and we think all of the investment that's being made is consistent with the growth rates of those underlying devices and market. So 6%, 7%, 8%, 9% CAGRs for the different device types that fall into that, like, computer vision, analog, power chips, those sorts of markets. And then, on the last piece. So...
Brice Hill: Good. And, Toshiya, yeah, I forgot the last piece of your question was on the business -- the health of the business today and whether customers are lowering starts or changing their plans. And that certainly happens in the environment. We've seen it, but I would just remind you, the way people are doing equipment investments, it's a two-, three-, four-year planning horizon. So they're really making investments for what the demand function they see that far out in time, and that makes their purchasing a little bit more stable than whatever the current demand function is.
Brice Hill: Sure. Thanks for the questions, Tim. So, on the $1.7 billion for China, about 27% of our revenue, it's almost all. It's not a 100%, but it's almost all domestic Chinese customers; very little on the multinational, at this point. And then -- and just a reminder, it does include, a portion of our Services business. It does include a portion of our Display business in that number also. And then on the handicapping, whether it's a pull in for the traditional or legacy DRAM, I certainly don't think it's a pull in. This is a technology that was viewed as not being part of the rules where technologies were restricted for China. So, it's an existing technology. I think they'll put that equipment into operation as quickly as possible. And just in general, if we go up to 100,000 feet on this question, for equipment like that that's being installed in China, our view is that it's not incremental if it weren't allowed to be shipped there, that it would be shipped somewhere else in the world for production. So, we just view it as mainly location and we triangulate the amount of equipment we're selling against the overall demand function. So, we view it as location, not incremental.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Joe. This is Brice. So yes, the Services business, 16 consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth. It was a record this quarter. And yes, the puts and takes there are that the transactional spares and the transactional activities that sort of are associated with utilization are significantly lower in the quarter. And then what we see that's higher in the quarter that drove that growth was really the 200-millimeter equipment. So, we talk about ICAPS growth and the strength of those markets. And the 200-millimeter equipment is really what's driving the significant upside in the Services business for the quarter. And then, on the second part of the question, incremental headwinds for memory. When we think about the memory market, there's been discussion of when will it be turning around and when will we see upside. The indicators that we follow, price, inventory and utilization, we still see trending in the negative direction or flat. So, we haven't seen a turn at this point. But we wanted to be careful to point out that in the DRAM market, we have seen strength this year. And it's sort of a normal year from an equipment perspective on the DRAM side, even though the memory market itself has been weak.
Brice Hill: [Audit Starts] Hi, Brian, thanks for the question. We certainly have. When we think about the WFE share of the different end markets, data center has approximately 20%, we think AI is about 5% -- AI-related WFE is about 5% of our overall market. And you've heard different peers talking about a high growth rate bearing between 30% and 50% for that workload and the amount of capacity. So, if you view 5% as relatively small amount, we do think that it's growing rapidly and it’ll be an important workload going forward. So, that's our sizing for now. And as a comparison, we would hold that next to 10% to 15% of wafers that would be associated with IoT, and we think those things -- IoT wafer starts and WFE will also grow at an elevated rate.
Brice Hill: Yeah. There's still a lot of movement underneath the macro number in our results, there's still a lot of movement underneath as you're suggesting with that question. So, we have seen a delay in installation of some of the tools, and we have seen push outs with some of the leading foundry customers. So, that's consistent with what we're seeing. And then I would just highlight again the strengths in ICAPS and the strength in DRAM, both Q3 and Q4, our outlook is really what's offsetting that.
Brice Hill: Yes. Thanks, Timm. Well, our spending at this point is 18.1% of revenue. It's a little bit higher than our model, but we're very comfortable with our spending level. We put about 66% of our spending, two-thirds towards R&D. And we are fully focused on the roadmap. So when we think about the business, we think about the longer-term trajectory of the business. Our perspective is, we're investing in a secular positive trend. We think about semiconductors growing high mid-single digits, so 6%, 7%, 8%, 9%. We think there'll be -- it's becoming more complex to build those semiconductors, which drives more equipment, so that's an additive function. We also think that Applied, looking forward, designing for the inflections with our customers will gain share on top of that. So we think there's an additive function between the market growth of semis, the higher complexity of the equipment, and then the increased intensity from materials engineering and Applied's participation. So all those things add up to a significant growth rate. And so, what I would expect is, the spending level you see today will focus on maintaining approximately that spending level as we identify the best R&D projects to work on as we go forward. And then I would also highlight that just for investors who are working on their models, we've held our spending flat for pretty much three quarters and we said we've been very conscientious and very focused on strategic hires only. As we move to Q1, so the first quarter of our fiscal next year, we'll see our normal pay rate cycle, and we'll see our normal raise of spending in that cycle. So I just wanted to highlight to people that that's what they'll see if they're modeling that function.
Brice Hill: Okay. Thanks, Charles. All I can say about any particular customer, but especially leading-edge customer is that we're current on their forecast. So, we understand at an account level what they're forecasting in the future. They've all started as we went through the supply chain crisis, we're getting better visibility into the roadmaps top to bottom. So, we have that -- we have a good perspective on that. In general, we haven't called a number for WFE in '24 -- for our business in '24. I just highlighted in the prior question that our view of the long-term growth of the market, sort of what guides our investments, et cetera. What we have said for next year is that we expect the ICAPS business to be stable. So that growth is durable, if you will. It's grown at a high level for the last two years, and we expect that business not to fall off, but be stable. We expect our Display business to grow modestly. We expect our Services business to grow at the low double digits as we've described. And I think that's the color that we've given so far for the market. That leaves out memory and leading logic, and we'll just have to wait until we get closer to give a forecast. [Audit End]
Brice Hill: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Just one content note that I wanted to add. So, we get a lot of questions about modeling gross margin, and I just want to highlight for the people that are doing their models. Our 47% guide for Q4, that's a little bit higher than what we would have expected with a rich mix in Q4. We're probably running underneath that at a normal mix around 46.6%, 46.7%, somewhere around that. So, as people think about modeling their next year, we think we'll continue to make progress from 46.6% or 46.7% to -- on our way to 48% to 48.5% in '25. So, if that helps from a modeling perspective, I just wanted to highlight that. From a closing comments perspective, we're executing well. We're outperforming our markets. The Semi Systems year-to-date revenue is trending up year-over-year. Our Services business is on track for year-over-year growth. We're aligned -- we've aligned our businesses with the fastest growing end markets, and we're winning in leading-edge foundry logic, DRAM, ICAPS and heterogeneous integration. We're investing for technology leadership and growth. We're generating strong free cash flow and increasing shareholder returns. I hope to see many of you at the Jefferies Conference in Chicago, and Gary will be keynoting at the Goldman Sachs Conference in San Francisco. Now Mike, let's go ahead and close the call.
Gary Dickerson: C.J., this is Gary. Maybe I'll add a little bit more color. On the leading-edge foundry logic, what we see is more of that spending moving to materials-enabled technologies, which is the sweet spot for Applied. So, if you look at, again, the nodal spending more is shifting to materials engineering. Gate-All-Around, we've talked about, that's a $1 billion opportunity for us. Backside Power, when that comes in, that really leverages all of our strength in interconnect. And that's probably the same zip code in terms of size of opportunity for Applied. ICAPS, we've talked a lot about, formed the organization four years ago. We've introduced 20 major new products since we formed the organization. And we still have room to grow in ICAPS share. DRAM, I talked about. I think people really maybe don't understand the strength we have there. I talked about those big inflections in gaining 10 points of overall DRAM WFE share over the last 10 years. Packaging, that's a $1 billion business for us now, and we see an opportunity to double that over the next few years. And as Brice said, Services, we're going to be up in Services in a relatively weak memory market in terms of utilization, and we're still on track for low-double digit growth. So, again, those are some of the things that really will help us outperform over the longer term.
Gary Dickerson: Thank you. Those are two big questions. Let me start off with high-bandwidth memory packaging. So that uses two critical packaging technologies, Through Silicon Via and micro-bumping to enable the stack DRAM. The great thing for Applied is that we have the broadest portfolio to enable all different types of packaging. CMP, PVD, CVD, etch and plating. So this opportunity for us is meaningful. The TAM for HBM increases about -- the overall packaging by about 5%. We're the overall leader in packaging. As we have talked about, it's a $1 billion business, and we're on track to double that over the next three to five years. So that's definitely a good opportunity. On the hybrid bonding, what I would say is that, we absolutely see hybrid bonding as a great opportunity over time. It's not something that is going to generate significant revenue in the short term, but chiplets are something that every single company is focused on. And I do believe all of the things that we've discussed relative to growth rates there, we're still believe that's on track. And then Gate-All-Around, the other question that you asked, we still see that as about $1 billion opportunity for 100,000 wafer starts per month. In FinFET, we had close to 50% share of that overall FinFET opportunity. We've indicated with the full adoption of Gate-All-Around, we have an opportunity to increase our share 5%. And I think one of the things that helps us a lot is that we're deeply engaged with every company in Gate-All-Around, even with their integration teams, because we have so many of those critical enabling technologies. So all the things we talked about back to our Master Class when we size that around $1 billion is basically still on track. And relative to ramping Gate-All-Around, we believe that is toward the end of 2024. Yeah. And then, well, the other thing is on the unit processes in IMS. There are some areas of that market where we're combining different technologies together under vacuum, which is something that's completely unique for Applied Materials that has a big impact on electrical performance. But the main message is we have very, very deep engagements with all of those integration teams and Gate-All-Around is pretty much on track to what we had talked about previously.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. One thing I would say on the -- Toshiya, this is Gary. Relative to regionalization of the supply, one of the things that is extremely important is some of those ICAPS segments are tied to very large vertical markets in those different regions. So, having a secure supply chain is something that is a big focus for every country. There are hundreds of billions of dollars of incentives there for supporting those different ICAPS markets. So that's another thing that certainly we're seeing. And the last thing I'd say is relative to opportunities, the -- not only is it systems, but as companies are moving into new locations, that's a really great opportunity for our Service business, because there is no service infrastructure set up for those companies moving into new regions. And that certainly will help us. We're on track for the low-double-digit growth in our Service business, but the opportunity is supported by this regionalization.
Gary Dickerson: Hi, Harlan. Yeah, thanks for the question. So, PDC for us, there are really two major areas of focus. One is, as you've talked about, is growth within PDC, but the other thing that is increasingly important is the synergy with PDC and our process equipment, both for unit equipment and integrated material solutions, accelerating R&D for some of these major inflections. So, on the PDC growth, the business grew about two times between 2020 and 2022. eBeam is one of the fastest growing segments there. And we've maintained our leadership with around 50% overall share in eBeam. We have new products coming to market. We've talked about in our Master Class, the cold field emission with the highest resolution and fastest imaging. So that's helping that business growth. And then on the synergy, we had discussed the capacitor formation of DRAM where we're bringing new materials, new etching solutions together with eBeam technology, again, to accelerate those inflections nanosheets and Gate-All-Around. These technologies are incredibly complex. And you can't fix what you can't see. In our eBeam, imaging is world-class, ahead of anyone else. And so that synergy value is increasing. That will also help our growth in our market share overall in our semiconductor product group, but in PDC. So again, we're really in a great position, strong pipeline of products coming in PDC and great synergies with overall Applied.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, thanks for the question, Joe. So I would say we're always focused on competition, even in non-critical process steps. And the main focus for us at Applied is to keep innovating in all areas of our portfolio and create deeper strategic relationships with the leaders in all device segments. In ICAPS, as we've talked about, four years ago, we formed that group, and this has paid off with share gains, helped us build deep strategic relationships with all the leading customers. And I'd say that those strategic relationships begin with the integration teams, whether it's in the leading edge or in ICAPS is super important, because those technologies are always moving very quickly and learning faster than others is really important. We've talked about in ICAPS, since we formed this group, we launched 20 major new ICAPS products. And I would tell you that we also have a strong pipeline of new innovations that will continue to strengthen our positions. The last thing I'd say in ICAPS is there are still -- again, we have the strongest strategic position, broadest portfolio. We're working with those integration teams on their next-generation technologies. But we also have room to grow in certain segments like etch and PDC. We have momentum in those segments, and that certainly is going to help us continue to gain share in the coming years.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, Joe, this is Gary. I think the other thing to add is that part of our business is based on service agreements, and that also helps us have a higher level of stability. We're over 60% on the service agreements. And again, that's keeping that part of the business much more stable, even though the memory utilization is down. And the other thing I would say is that there is a significant amount of complexity. If you think about all the inflections, whether it's in memory with DRAM or ICAPS or leading-edge foundry logic, about a third of our revenue are these integrated material solutions with multiple technologies combined in a single platform under vacuum, those are increasing, those steps are increasing, and the service opportunity for us is also increasing. So, we've talked about the low double-digit growth in Service. Once you come back to more normal levels of utilization, and we have a high confidence we're going to be able to achieve that.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Charles, this is Gary. Relative to longer term, as I mentioned earlier, we're in a great position. If you look at this incremental spending for the future technology nodes, a higher percentage of that incremental spending is going to materials-enabled technologies. And as I said, that's a sweet spot for Applied. Gate-All-Around, Backside Power, where you get power and performance benefits, but also you're going to get area savings with that inflection. So, we have been growing our position from -- for each technology node. I think that gets even better going forward.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think that we're not going to give a specific dollar amount. But what I would say is that, that inflection is just starting to ramp in the latter part of '24. So, it's not going to be a significant driver in '24, but certainly going forward, our opportunity there is significant.
