Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Marcelo, and good afternoon. Joining me today are: Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.  Today, we'll discuss our results for our second quarter, which ended on May 2. Our earnings release was issued at 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time, and you can find a copy on Business Wire and on our website at amat.com. Mike Splinter will be off the call with comments on our business environment, performance and strategies; George will follow with a look at our financial performance for the second quarter, along with our expectations for Q3. We'll then open the call for your questions. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thank you, George. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow up. Marcelo, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: And at this point, we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of today's call will be available on our website beginning at 5:00 p.m. Pacific time today. The replay and our earnings slide package will remain on our website until the 2nd of June. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Michael Splinter: On flash, first of all, I would say, the bookings trend, our projection for the next quarter is quite strong, but off a pretty small base. We think flash orders will be up about 50% in the quarter. We're having a lot of turns business as George talked about, so it could vary a little bit depending on where the turns business comes from in the quarter. We expect that to continue to strengthen through the rest of the year. Then to the second part of your question on, is our increase in projection all due to one customer? No, we're thinking that actually from our last quarter outlook that there's a broader base of spending that's happening as confidence grows across the customer base.
Michael Splinter: One thing I'd add, Atif, is that our operations group right now is in certainly much better shape. The supply chain has kind of got itself healed quite a bit from the blows it took last year during the downturn. So our ability to respond to turns business is much better than it was even a few months ago.
Michael Splinter: There is actually a number of different kinds of projects that make sense. Certainly, large projects, with the likes of utility companies in China or major companies in India, where it makes sense. We're certainly having discussions with a number of those companies. But also upgrades, both capacity expansions and tandem junction upgrades make very good sense and have excellent ROIs for us in the business. So you can imagine that we're having those discussions with those customers.
Michael Splinter: I agree, it's certainly needed. And even as it broadens out, it's still narrower than has been in the past. But maybe one comment that I think is illustrative is if we just look at foundry bookings and kind of how we're thinking about it quarter-over-quarter, I think I said earlier, I think those will remain flat. And I think you know that there's a shift there in the ordering from different foundry customers. And that's the kind of positive shifts of broadening out that we're seeing, and surprising strength among the other customers beyond just the leader in that group. And I think we could say that in DRAM as well. And we really haven't seen much from flash yet for the second half of the year. So on a real magnitude basis, flash has still been small, and my belief is that supply is very tight. Those factories are running flat out. And I think we're going to see some significant expansion as we go through the second half of the calendar year.
Michael Splinter: We try to watch inventory pretty closely because we do think it's a leading indicator. But this is Q2. It's generally the softest quarter for our customers' demand. And we've been trying to see if there's really any place where there's something that's out of line from a days of inventory or from a historic days of inventory, and we still see inventories in a pretty healthy range. Now could one product be out of line and we missed it? I guess that's possible. When we look at the seasonality through Q2, we haven't seen anything that would raise alarm bells at this point. On the NAND flash question, of course, NAND has great productivity, and it depends whether the growth is going to be on two-bits or three-bits-per-cell or one-bit-per-cell kind of devices, how much productivity they get. But frankly, I think that the capacity is quite stretched right now. If the iPad or products like it -- I assume some other major computer companies are coming out with similar products in that category. If they just sell something close to 7 million to 10 million units in the second half of the year, it will seriously stretch NAND flash capacity. We think that to supply that, you need something between 250,000 and 300,000 wafers. I'm not sure where those are going to come from because everyone today is pretty much already utilized.
Michael Splinter: Well, I wish we would've had 31% share in 2006. I think we had 21% share in 2006. So when we say that by the end of this year, we should have exceeded that, it's in that range, not in the 30-plus percent range. So if we redo the math and say, $27 billion times 20-plus percent, I think you get in the middle fives. And if that goes up a little bit, our revenue will go up with it.
Michael Splinter: To your question about SunFab production data. Yes, we have quite a bit of data now on how the factories are running, how the yields and efficiencies are going, how tightly they're distributed. So I think we have a very good assessment of what size factories have to be, and what efficiency and performance productivity has to be at for them to be competitive.
Michael Splinter: Sure. This relates to semiconductor, so we think that close to 60% were capacity driven. And this quarter, we think that will increase a bit yet over the next couple of quarters. And there's a fairly big shift from Q1, and certainly, from any time last year where almost all the orders were technology driven.
Michael Splinter: I don't really want to take much of a swag. But I'd just say, up until really the last week or so, I wouldn't have thought that we could exceed kind of 2006 and '07 levels or be in that ballpark. If the economy stays strong and all the normal caveats, I think we could certainly be in that range that we were in for wafer fab equipment spending in 2006 and '07, and in [ph] (48:20) 2011.
Michael Splinter: I think as you look at what's happening in this market, we're seeing broadening, and really, in most spaces, from DRAM to flash to foundry. Obviously, in Logic, there's not that many players anymore. That there's just a few of them that are the biggest part of Logic, so -- but I think we're seeing broadening in all of the different segments. It's hard to tell what the impact of Samsung's announcement will have on the broader industry. But I think, if I was going to characterize it, I would characterize it as representative of growing confidence across the industry and willingness to invest heavily again in semiconductor capacity.
Michael Splinter: I kind of think this is the new normal. That customers are believing, especially the larger customers which is the bulk of the business, believe that they can work with us ahead of time, but order at a very short lead time. And we've really worked hard and will continue to work hard on our operations to drive speed, quality and cost. And on the speed front, this is really, I think, going to provide some differentiation over time in the industry, because customers are going to want to have those short lead times to add capacity.
Michael Splinter: So on the semiconductor side, on the fabs we're tracking, it is a mix. But I would say, the largest additional wafers would be in NAND, in part, just because they build such huge factories. Next would be in DRAM and then in foundry. But it's pretty broad-based overall. And there's some in every one of the segments. The number of fabs are pretty balanced by segment, it's just the size that puts NAND out in the lead. In LED, there are quite a number of fabs that are being built. But what we're really trying to do right now is focus in on working with customers to qualify our machine. And we believe that we have differentiation and can add value to customers, and as our machine gets qualified in production, we'll see significant growth in that area.
Michael Splinter: Well, we haven't introduced the product yet. So I think, when we introduce the product, we'll talk about the market and a lot of detail on our expectations of where we're going. So it's just a little difficult for me to be more precise than that, considering where we are at this point in our public position on the product.
Michael Splinter: Jagadish, I would just add. We are really trying to watch the indicators here very closely, mostly because of those items that I mentioned. Is the devaluing of the euro going to have an impact on demand? Are the austerity programs and some of the countries in Europe going to have impact on incentives? Is there really overcapacity? We're trying to watch all these things very closely, so we adjust if we see something. But right now, demand is very, very strong.
Michael Splinter: Yes, so far, it seems sustainable. If you look at our Q3, looks as good as Q2 for foundries. So we aren't making any projections about our Q4 yet, but so far, so good.
Michael Splinter: On the products that we expect to continue to grow in EES, crystalline silicon. Just the products like the sidewell double patterning product, customers are very, very interested in that. We have over 50 customers in China, and we're really, I think, have very good relationships with all of them. And I think that gives us a significant opportunity, as that part of the industry grows, to grow with it. I think, as we talked about LEDs earlier, we have very high aspirations there as we introduce the product and get it into the marketplace. Those would be, by far, the two biggest areas.
Michael Splinter: And George, I think Tim's second part of his question was about OpEx. And I think, until our plan is done.
George Davis: I would agree, Mike. I wouldn't view the fact that we see Display down as a trend point. It's really more a function of the lumpiness of the business. It's still -- even down 20% would be a very strong quarter by any measure, and we expect it to continue to show strength over the next several quarters.
George Davis: On the order outlook, we're not giving order guidance. I think the way I would think about our orders is obviously, our quarter, we got a month off of the calendar quarter, so our order book, if you try and make comparisons to competitors, you got to adjust for the lag. We think orders, again, particularly since we've been working on such a turns basis and SSG will be hard to forecast with a lot of accuracy. If you step back and say, "What do we really seeing here?" We're seeing a multi-year cycle in our view in both semiconductors and display. We expect orders will reflect that. We expect to continue to gain share and actually in both of those markets, so we're quite positive. It's not a lack of optimism that is keeping us from guiding orders. In terms of OpEx, I think what you saw in terms of saving this quarter was really the absence of restructuring cost that took place. If you look at non-GAAP OpEx, which is really what we've been guiding to, is we were up about $50 million. All of it can be explained by the addition of Semitool into our financials and increase in variable comp in line with the increase in revenue. So I think the $520 million to $540 million range for non-GAAP OpEx is the right range.
George Davis: Again, I don't really want to -- we won't really forecast orders. But I think we should see very strong both revenue and orders in the quarter, whether it'll be up or down marginally will be a function of individual -- it's pretty concentrated, as well as pretty short term. So I would put any movements around the edges just a function of timing. We still see multiple quarters of strong demand coming in that area.
George Davis: Wenge, the $520 million to $540 million is with today's run rate. Obviously, if there's actions that accelerate reductions, it might come outside of that range. But you've got a little bit of room in that range anyway. So we'll leave it at $520 million to $540 million for right now.
George Davis: We had said that we were looking for OpEx savings, on an annualized run rate, of $200 million to $250 million by the end of the program. When we started and announced the program, our revenue outlook for the year was well more than $2 billion lower than the outlook that we have today. And so some of the -- what we said is that the programs, while they're continuing, we see the gains from those programs in the latter part of the 18-month program, mainly because, quite frankly, it's all hands on deck meeting customer ramps and also just the higher OpEx that comes with the additional revenue. As you've seen from our flow-through, we're passing a lot of profitability through, but there is incremental OpEx that comes with higher revenue. But we still believe that the approximate $450 million in overall savings from our program initiatives is achievable. But again, it's going to be back-end loaded, and the absolute level of OpEx will reflect both the benefits of those savings and whatever the underlying revenues is for the company.
George Davis: The movements around are really not push-out pull-in type. It is a number of factors, not the least, but which is just -- it's very broad-based, so you have a lot of customers that are making their plans. You have a number of customers who are looking at both capacity expenses in their traditional manufacturing locations, but also looking at getting permission or making the arrangements to open manufacturing in China. The timing of that is just more uncertain, and so that really accounts for most of the movements.
George Davis: So let me take the backlog question first. No, the backlog adjustments were mostly EES and the thin film was the largest of the cancellations. But you also have some push-outs heavily weighted towards wafering, whereas you have some movements in and out of our one year booking cycle there. And then you have FX adjustments of $36 million, which quite frankly, was mostly euro, which is all crystal and Silicon sales, which are made out of Europe. You have some minor contributions, minor cancellations and debookings, normal puts and takes in the services and Silicon area. But it was really EES that was the dominant contributor overall, thin film, the largest of that, in terms of cancellations.
George Davis: And Patrick, it's one of the reasons why we've invested in logistics and light manufacturing capability in Singapore, and are putting a lot of effort into our Pan Asia supply chain development, because all those element are critical to cycle time. And I think you've observed an important trend. Cycle time is very important to our customers, and that's not likely to change.
George Davis: The bookings right now are predominantly coming from crystalline silicon today. So we were seeing very strong demand, again, mostly from China, both from wafering and from customers for metallization. And that, as Mike said, this was the strongest order quarter for us. And it was really defined by crystalline silicon.
George Davis: Let me deal with the breakeven. We said we had looked to get to breakeven around the $1 billion level. We'll address breakeven for 2011 when we complete the plan that's being developed currently, and we'll have a better sense for what it looks like next year.
George Davis: Well, as Mike said, one of our key criteria for the plan is that we meet all existing customer commitments. We've signed up virtually -- we've met factory acceptance on virtually every factory installed to date. In fact, the revenue shortfall that we're seeing is typically coming from customers being unable to pay bonus obligations that reflect performance in the factories above original specification. The majority of the inventory that we have today is associated with installed equipment in factories that we expect to sign up at the end of this year. So we have every intent to continue to support our existing customers and to meet our commitments, and don't believe that's going to be a source of major risk for the company.
George Davis: Right. Same answer to that is in the previous situation. We really have to complete the plan. We'll discuss the results of that as soon as it's available.
