Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon. We appreciate you joining us for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 earnings call, which is being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of November 15, 2018, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at AppliedMaterials.com. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. Now, to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question at this time. If you have an additional question later, please pull the operator and we'll do our best to answer it later in the call. Let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Pierre. And I think, Pierre, you said you might have had a follow-up for Dan. I don't know if you still do, just checking. Okay, hearing no response. Let's move on.
Michael Sullivan: All right. Thanks, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, thanks for the question C.J. Let me give you some color on market share. And I think it's useful to think about three timeframes, what we've done, what we see today and where we're going. When I joined Applied in 2012, we substantially shifted investment towards big inflections. As a result in the 6 years to 2017, we held or increased share for 6 consecutive years. I think we were up five years and flat one. And also, we increased share in memory, where we had a big focus. So we increased our total share of memory spending by about 10 points. So in the near term, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, 2018 we're gaining or holding share in the vast majority of our businesses, but we also see rapid growth in EUV and also in other markets where we don't compete. So as a result, we do expect our share to decline in 2018. After many years of development, we expect to see the first EUV tools used in production beginning in 2019. Those tools have very long lead times and to support the initial adoption, we expect high spending in 2018 and 2019, creating a mix headwind for our overall WFE share. Of course, those long lead-time shipments also are a positive indicator for our future business. And another thing you talked C.J. about mix and other important near-term factor to think about is 3D NAND spending. Once that recovers, the mix will become a lot more favorable for us. And then over - the last thing is over the longer term, over the last couple of months I've spent time with many customers, and still believe that the industry needs a new playbook beyond 2D scaling. And I deeply believe that Applied is in the best position to enable this new playbook. I heard this from all of the customers I met over the last couple of months. And we've all seen classic Moore's Law scaling slowing. All the customers in the industry want more ways to drive PPAC, power, performance, area and cost. So as we've communicated before, we're driving a new playbook that includes five different techniques that I've been talking about, including developing entirely new chip architectures, new 3D structures within the chip, the integration of new materials, new ways to shrink including EUV and self-aligned patterning, and advanced packaging techniques to connect chips together in new ways. All five of those areas require major advances in materials engineering and create great growth opportunities for Applied. As a result of that, we're creating new and unique capabilities for the industry, investing in the META Center to accelerate materials to systems, where there's tremendous value and developing entirely new types of products that move the needle for our customers and for Applied.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks for the question, Atif. So happy to give you a color on our display business, as we've said before we've grown display a tremendous amount over the last 6 years, at about 25% compound annual growth rate. For 2019, we've talked about the business declining in the range of 15% to 20%. And given the elevated risk, I believe we're likely to be at the low end of that range. So then, if you go into the different segments, in the TV segment, I continue to expect our customers will transition to Gen 10.5 technology, because it's strategically important for them to deliver lower costs for large screen TVs. And as we've previously communicated with Gen 10.5 panels, you can produce 8 65 inch TVs and you only get 3 on a Gen 8.5 panel. So for large screen TVs, it is strategically compelling to move to those larger panel sizes. And recent discussions with customers, we don't see any change in customers' plans. In the smartphone area, demand is going to be flat year-over-year. But we continue to see OLED is the best technology for the future for a number of different reasons. And we believe that OLED will recover as more suppliers are able to produce at a higher yield. So overall, we see a lot of good opportunities that continue to drive our display business, despite 2019 for the first time in I think 7 years seeing a decline in the business.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, thanks for the question. So I think our perspective longer term, Pierre, hasn't changed. And I've spent many, many meetings with customers over the last couple of months. We strongly believe that the industry needs a new playbook. And that, all of those five techniques I talked about earlier are absolutely crucial to deliver power, performance, area and cost needed for this Big Data-A.I. era. Now, silicon and electronics are going to be at the foundation of all of those major industry transformations, changing in a profound way all the aspects of our life. We still definitely believe that. And if you look at where we need to go with a 1,000 times improvement of performance per watt, you can look certainly at what we've said in the past. You can look at what other people are saying also that they talk about those five areas of focus. And I deeply believe we're in a better position longer term than we've ever been. Now, certainly there's a headwind in 2018 and 2019. After a long time, you have the initial adoption of long lead-time EUV tools. They'll go into production for the first time in 2019. That's going to certainly provide a headwind for us in the near term, but longer term, I definitely believe the industry is not going to get where we need to go with doing what we've done in the past. I think it's also very clear with Moore's Law - classic Moore's Law slowing down that you have to drive this new playbook and there is tremendous value in going from materials to systems at a much faster rate. And again, everything I've heard in meetings with customers over the last couple of months, totally reiterates that that's the right strategy. And so that's my thought.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Harlan. Yeah, as I said earlier, we don't really see any change in the activities with the other customers in the region. Of course, we're going to continuously monitor that and respond to anything that we need to respond to, but one thing, I may be helpful if I give you color on our China business, how it's composed. So our Display, we have a large display business in China and a little less than half of our revenue is semi systems, roughly half of that is multinational, the other half is domestic and for domestic, we're fairly balanced between foundry, logic and memory. And when we look ahead to 2019 and beyond, consistent with what we've said before, we didn't see a hockey stick, in terms of growth in the domestic market and we continue to see modest growth in the semi market going forward. So, I would say, at least today, we don't see any change in behavior with our customers, and that's basically the profile of the different parts of our business, which is pretty consistent with what we've said before.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Toshiya. We actually, in 2018, were gaining our holding share in the vast majority of our businesses that where we compete today. There are markets that we don't compete and we have initiatives in those areas that where we have very strong pull from customers and we're optimistic that over time that that will provide a significant increase in business for us. And then, the other thing I would say probably the biggest factor longer term is this new playbook, I mentioned, with the five different drivers, that is really playing to the strengths - uniquely to the strength of Applied Materials with the breadth of our products, all the different materials creation, materials removal, materials modification and also the ability to combine all of these different technologies together in a single platform, where you manage these interfaces that is a really, really, really valuable capability. I met with all of our large customers in the last two, three months. Many times people running R&D, some of the feedback I was getting was just tremendous. People saying things that they didn't think were possible, relative to power, performance, area and cost. So those things will not play out in 2018 and not so much in 2019, but really that is the big driver for the industry. This new play book going forward is extremely important. And Applied is in a very unique position to enable those capabilities. So that's why we are investing. That's why we announced the META Center. And the goal is really to drive materials to systems many times faster than we are at today. We think there's tremendous value there. And, certainly, that's the feedback that we're getting from customers.
Gary Dickerson: And then, Joe, if you're looking for the year-over-year in DRAM, we've been planning for it to be sort of into 2019, maybe not quite the 20% that we've seen, maybe it's high teens to 20%. And very good job right now for the customers, doing very proactive supply and demand management, and also a lot of pull for DRAM, especially the high-speed versions in the server market. So from the customer conversations, it feels pretty good, it feels not as tight as it was. But really proactive steps and it looks like a decent outlook for next year. We think it's still going to be a strong year.
Gary Dickerson: Patrick, I think, the great thing about many of those drivers, is they're not only for future technology nodes, you can use those in - some of those drivers can make a big difference, move the needle on current devices, and also on trailing geometries, even planar transistors. So that's - and we are seeing strong pull from customers across the board for some of those major drivers at the AI Design Forum in July and at the Electronics Resurgence Initiative, the DARPA Conference in July. One of the examples we gave was 1,000 times improvement in leakage current. Again, many of these new technologies that we're driving can be used in trailing geometries and even current geometries. So we don't need to wait for the adoption of 3-nanometer or - and, certainly, some of those technologies will be targeted for leading technology nodes, but some of them can be used today.
Gary Dickerson: Yeah, thanks, Sidney. Yeah, let me try to unpack that and walk through this systematically. If there's anything I leave out, please follow up. What I would say about gross margins, we've done a good job over the last handful of years. We've increased the gross margin by about 500 basis points, Q4 gross margin in line with our guidance. And as you know, actual gross margins in any given quarter are going to be a function of several factors. There is revenue level, segment, product mix, customer mix, factory activity. All of those will vary quarter-to-quarter. We are seeing Q1 as part of our guide sequentially lower from a revenue standpoint. AGS continues to be a growing part of the mix. And we talked about an ERP transition throughout 2018 to risk mitigate customer deliveries at a point of the cycle, where the supply chain was very tight. We kept an elevated level of inventory to make sure our customer needs were covered. We're going to be bringing that factory activity level down over the next three, four quarters to bring that inventory more in line with the natural progression. And so, clearly there is a number of factors at play. And I guess, the thing I would point to the most is, aggregate revenue level, and then how that revenue profiles across our various products and amongst our segments are going to be the largest influencer to gross margin. Company has done a good job driving those margins historically. I wouldn't look to too much in any one given quarter and we're going to continue to work hard and make progress and continue to drive gross margins off at these levels.
Dan Durn: And it's fair to say the mix is hard to predict right now, C.J. So it will depend on what happens in 2019, 2020 in terms of things like 3D NAND like Gary said. So I think we'll stay tuned on trying to make that prediction this early in the year. Thanks.
Dan Durn: Thanks, Krish. Let me share with you a little bit of what we're seeing around the WFE market and then come to the profitability - the implications that, that has for the profitability of the company. So in the prepared comments, we talked about 2018 and 2019 combined being around $100 billion. I would say, given the elevated risk profile of the environment, we find ourselves in, that's - our expectations around 2019 have probably softened in the last three months. We now see 2019 below 2018. If I were to - and I think it's premature to be point specific on either 2018, 2019 or the device types. But again, to just share a little bit of what we're thinking to help shape a view of the market. 2019 feels more like 2017 than it does 2018. And if I look at where we sit today in 2018 WFE, all-time high, in terms of aggregate spend and strength across each of the four device types. And as I profile off of that view into 2019, we would expect memory to be down and foundry, logic to be up. And then if I were to rank order the four device types as we look into 2019, given everything we see today, foundry would be the strongest, then followed by logic, then followed by DRAM, then followed by NAND. In terms of profitability, I think the best way to think about our business is less about end market profiling the four device types and more about the mix amongst our businesses, the more of our leadership businesses and equipment that we sell, you'll see that be a favorable segment mix - or a favorable product mix within the segment. The less leadership businesses - or the less leadership products we sell, will certainly be a headwind from a margin perspective. So I'd look at it more as a product mix influenced as opposed to end markets.
Dan Durn: Sure, Gary. So as we think about our guide into Q1 and we think about the export action that was taken against the one specific customer, we - a quarter ago we're expecting our semi business to be flat to up sequentially. We guided down a bit. In the absence of this export restriction, we would have been up sequentially in our semi systems business into Q1. And I would say that our revenue with that one customer in Q1 is a meaningful number. So the EPS guidance we provided into Q1 reflects a significant reduction in semiconductor revenue along with an unfavorable mix within the product portfolio. And I think that gives you a sense of the impact of that action on the one customer. I don't think, we want to be more specific, since it's a direct read-through on one customer. But I think that's enough to give you a sense of what the impact to our company was in our fiscal Q1.
Dan Durn: Thanks, John. Let me share with you a little bit of what we're seeing in the market, and hopefully, it helps provide some context and color that gets at the essence of what you're asking about. I would say based on our customer conversations, and the guidance we gave about not calling the bottom is specifically related to our semi business, because I think that's where the biggest question in the market is today. Based on the customer conversations we're having, we think that first half 2019 would likely be higher than second half 2018. But we also think given the elevated risk profile, we - or the elevated risk environment, we find ourselves in geopolitical trade, handsets industrials being on the weaker side, that certainly offset by decent markets in PC, comm infrastructure, cloud CapEx. But as a package creates an elevated risk profile, we think it's prudent to create an expectation around a shallow, gradual, U-shaped recovery of the semi business into 2019. And so for a variety of reasons, I don't think we want to put a stake in the ground and call it a definitive bottom. But, we like what we see and are trying to be prudent in expectation setting.
Dan Durn: Hi, Romit. Thanks for the question. I think the best way to think about services growth, certainly the installed base is an influencer, but it's not a direct read through. So I don't think that business will directly track the following year, what our systems business does the prior year. But there is a growth vector around the installed base, there is a growth vector around the increasing complexity that the industry is facing and the challenges our customers are increasingly asking for help with their drive yields. And the third is the strategy we have around comprehensive service agreements to get a bit more predictability in the business versus the transactional nature, and so it's a multi-vector approach and strategy to grow in the business. You point out that the company has done a great job executing that strategy, 2018 was a strong year. And our goal will be to grow that, continue to grow that business at a 15% CAGR on a go-forward basis. So it's a business we feel good about, but I don't think you can make a direct read through based on systems in any one year.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Vivek. As we take a step back from what drives WFE, if we were to go back a decade in our industry, vast majority of WFE was narrowly focused in and around the PC platform. Since then we've diversified into mobility compute handsets, we've got a lag in the data center, you can see big data cloud service providers beginning to influence that, IoT is playing an increasingly large portions of semiconductor consumption as is - as are things like autonomous driving and Industry 4.0. It's really hard to disaggregate those long-term technology trends that are increasingly depending on silicon and consuming silicon to a direct read through on WFE, that chain is extremely hard to disaggregate and attribute one to the other. The second thing I would say is, units in the handsets clearly are slowing down, content gains are still happening, and so we do see favorable trends in that industry. What I like is the broadening of the end market demand drivers that support our industry. And so as you take a look at how 2017 profile to 2018 and now a quick look into 2019, you can see that our industry is structurally larger, even though the adjustments are headwinds in any given period or quarter are coming from different areas. You can see that, that diversification is serving the industry well, in terms of moderating a bit of the volatility the industry has seen historically. I would say as we roll the clock forward and we take a point of view on what we think aggregates semiconductor demand is going to be in this world. This is an industry that's $450 billion-ish today. It's going to be $600 billion, $700 billion, $800 billion at some point in the future, manufacturing capacity to produce the wafers and chips that support an industry that sized at those levels. It's going to be a very favorable trend for our industry. So if we were to be sitting here in 2025, talking about a $50 billion WFE, I would be extremely disappointed about that given what we know today.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Tim. So what we said about our capital allocation strategy is, we're going to focus our excess cash on growing the company, maintaining a strong and healthy balance sheet and then returning excess cash to shareholders. I think what you see is us executing against that strategy. If you narrow the timeframe to any given quarter, the share repurchase may or may not be above where we trade on any given day. If we take a look at what the company has done over a long period of time in the last two decades, we've given back close to 90% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. Our shares peaked at 1.7 billion shares outstanding; today it's under 1 billion. This is something the company has done for a very long time, not a new policy. And if you look at our three-year track record, the company has given back about $8 billion and we've repurchased almost 20% of the company at an average price of $37. And so I think over the long run, the company has been disciplined and respectful of shareholders in the way in which we manage our free cash flow.
Dan Durn: Thanks, Joe. As we look at our position in DRAM, it gets back to a bit of the journey that gets us to where we're at from a market share standpoint today. As Gary talked, since he came into the company or when he came into the company, we had one end-market that was over 20% from a market share standpoint. All others were 15% or below. And the company has done a very good job diversifying across those device types to where we're almost diagnostic across the device types from a market-share standpoint. And DRAM has been one of the beneficiaries. The company's worked really hard with customers to deliver innovation when their roadmaps require it. And it's allowed us to increase our market share with those customers. We're increasingly seeing in the periphery transistors logic-like processes being adopted to drive I/O speeds on the devices. And that accrues benefits to us as well in some of our higher market share businesses. And so, the setup around DRAM going forward is a good one for us. It's been good over the last several years. And as you pointed out, we've done a good job driving market share there. And we like that setup going forward as well. So we like the progress we're making in DRAM.
Dan Durn: Yeah, thanks, Mike. I guess I want to close with a couple of thoughts. First, we all know that we're in a challenging environment. I think the company has delivered strong results in 2018. But we're definitely not satisfied. We know we still have a lot of work to do and we're going to work aggressively to achieve the goals we set for the company. I guess the second thing is, is if we fast forward to a year from now, when we look back at our Q1 results, they may prove to be the low point of the year. But we're not ready to call Q1 the bottom until we have collected multiple proof points across a variety of our businesses. I think if you look at sort of the company's and the way we've engaged in the past, many of you that follow our journey, you know our style is to be transparent. Our goal, our intent is to help you see what we see. As tougher as the environment feels right now, the industry is substantially higher than it was even compared to prior peaks. We're confident that our long-term thesis around the industry, the long-term technology trends are going to be favorable and they're firmly in place. We also believe we've built the more resilient business. A company that is more profitable. It allows us to invest and uniquely be well positioned to drive the industry inflections that we already see on the horizon. I guess lastly, finally, look forward to seeing many of you at the Credit Suisse conference in a couple of weeks. Thanks very much.
