Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Mike Sullivan, Head of Investor Relations at Applied Materials. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter of fiscal 2018 earnings call, which is being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections and assumptions as of February 14, 2018, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. Now, to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question at this time. If you have an additional question later, please just poll the operator and we'll do our best to answer it later in the call. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Sidney. And then, operator, I'd like to let you know that we've got time for about two more questions, please, if we have them.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Hey, thanks for that, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of our call is going to be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. And we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Gary E. Dickerson: Sure. Thanks, Atif. Just overall, again, in 2018, we're still seeing 30%, greater than 30% growth, and 2019 and beyond also look very strong. If we look at 2018, mobile versus TV, your question, it's about 50/50 mix. In TV, we see increased adoption of larger screens. We're tracking 13 Gen 10.5 projects. And also, a great example here is on 65-inch TVs. If you produce them with Gen 10.5, you have eight 65-inch TVs, only three with Gen 8.5. So that's driving the TV business. OLED is the other half of our business in 2018, and we still see very strong opportunity in OLED. Previously, we had one customer that was more than 50% of the business. Now, greater than 50% of the business is coming from multiple customers. We talked about 10 customers in OLED. And the transition to OLED displays is really compelling. Rigid OLED gives you better performance, faster refresh rates, power cost advantages over LCD. Flexible OLED gives you new form factors such as curved displays and eventually foldable screens. So again, we're on track for greater than 30% growth in 2018 and on track with our longer-term model.
Gary E. Dickerson: Sure, Patrick. Let me first start kind of big picture, and then I'll cover the question on the – that you asked. So, in 2017, we grew process equipment more than 40%. PDC grew about 10%. Now, if you look back over the last three years, 2014 to 2017, process equipment grew much faster than the PDC market. And we see that playing out in 2018, and probably in future years also. But again, process equipment, very, very strong growth, and as you said, very strong balance for us. It used to be that, if it was a good foundry year, Applied would do well and not as well on the memory years. We've increased our share of memory about 7% over the last few years of total spending. So, in 2017, we had very balanced share in all the different segments, device segments, around 20% or more in all of those different segments. And then what we're looking for 2018 is strong double-digit growth in our leadership businesses, in our growth businesses and also in PDC. PDC, we have new capabilities, new products that will increase our growth a fair amount above what we accomplished in 2017. In foundry, there really are two big drivers. And one of those drivers is in the trailing geometries. There was question earlier about AI and what's driving AI. We really have data generation, many, many smart devices, data storage, and then you have the high-performance computing to process the information. So, if you look at the trailing geometries, China is increasing investment in 2018 a fair amount both with domestic and global companies. We have a great position in China. It's one of our highest share positions in Semiconductor and Display. And we expect that we'll outgrow the market in China in 2018. Patterning is a great opportunity for us. We've gained about 19 points of share in patterning over the last few years. If we look forward, patterning in 2020 will be about a $5 billion TAM. We anticipate that we could add another $1 billion approximately in revenue over the next four years in patterning. And then if you look at scaling challenges, scaling, you have different drivers. One is resolution, two-dimensional shrinking of features. Their multi-patterning is growing. 80% layers are multi-patterning. Those are growing, and that's a great opportunity for Applied Materials. 3D scaling certainly happened in 2D to 3D NAND, but you also see that in logic. The contact over active gate is one example where you see that, and that's also materials-enabled scaling for customers. And certainly, you see that in high-performance computing and advanced foundry and logic. And then another big industry challenge where we're in a great position, one of the biggest challenges for customers is pattern placement, the alignment of one layer to the next, edge placement errors. And there was a conference in early January; two of the top technologists from leading companies talked about edge placement errors being one of the biggest industry challenges. And what they said was that materials is the key driver for solutions to pattern placement. And if you look at our position with all of the selective technologies we have and materials technologies we have, we're in a very strong position to grow, especially in foundry, foundry and logic, as they move to these new technologies. So again, overall 2017, we grew over 40% in process equipment. We see strong double-digit growth in all of our segments, leadership, growth, PDC. And the other thing I would say that we're seeing tremendous pull from customers is accelerating their roadmap. If they can bring those high-performance computing or AI chips to market faster, that's worth a tremendous amount of money and our ability to create, modify, remove and analyze materials is really unique. So we're seeing deeper engagements with customers than we've ever seen in the past, and I would say I've never been more optimistic about our markets and also our positions in those markets.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So we have pretty significant visibility in China. We have the highest share. We also sell the manufacturing automation systems. So we have a lot of leading indicators relative to all the projects that are happening in China. And as I said earlier, we have the largest share and our share is growing in China, both in Semiconductor and in Display. And what we'll see in 2018 is a market that's going to grow. We're more optimistic, I would say, in terms of the growth in China. It's pretty balanced between global and domestic companies. And again, we're working very closely with all of those different companies. Domestic China is higher in foundry and logic than it is in memory. And one of the things that we talked about was data generation, smarter devices, the increasing sensor technologies. That's an area where China has capability, and certainly the demand for those trailing geometries is now 40% of the foundry market and we're seeing very strong growth there in China. For the global companies, they are more weighted towards memory versus foundry and logic. Another thing that Dan talked about in the prepared remarks was our service growth. I think something like 30% year-over-year in service. China is also a market where our penetration in service is very high, helping global and local of companies ramp new fabs in new locations. And so we had some one-time parts increases in our quarter that increased the rate of growth in service above the model that we gave. We think we may be a few points higher than that model, but that certainly contributed to an extraordinary quarter relative to service growth. So anyway, we have very, very good visibility in China. The investments there are strategic investments, and we believe that that's going to remain a very good market and especially good for Applied Materials.
Gary E. Dickerson: So, the display market in 2018 is roughly 50% TV and 50% mobile. And they're really with the same products that we have – had in the market previously. So no real growth from significant new products forecasted in 2018. And the mix is really about 50/50 between mobile and TV.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So, again, if you breakdown our business, the process equipment business grew more than 40% in 2017. PDC grew 10%. So it was more growth in terms of the process equipment business. If we look into 2018, we see strong double-digit growth really across all of those different businesses, the growth businesses, the leadership businesses, where we have extremely high market share, and also in PDC. So strong growth across all of them, strong double-digit growth across all of those businesses in 2018.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, C.J. Let me see if I can help you with that. So as you point out, we do see strength in our end markets. We're really encouraged by the diversification of those end markets. We're encouraged by capital intensity rising, and we're encouraged by the health of our customers. So we've got a strong view of our markets into the future. From a capital allocation standpoint, the company's got a great history. Since 2000, the company has returned nearly 90% of free cash flow back to shareholders. As part of this announcement, we're changing the mix a bit. We're going to increase our dividend by 100%. We've also announced a $6 billion share repurchase, when combined with the $2.8 billion that was outstanding from the prior authorization, gives us an opportunity to opportunistically be in the market to drive even more value for shareholders. And so we feel good about our end markets. We feel very good about the performance of the company. And we're going to remain committed to being very shareholder-friendly with our excess free cash flow.
Daniel Durn: So, as we look into the end markets and what's driving WFE, what we see is a lot of confidence in macro trends that are going to be driving a significant amount of efficiency into very large industries, and we see that spend as non-discretionary. It is foundational to company's competitiveness. It's difficult to unpack those macro trends and slice them by WFE to see what part of WFE specifically supports each trend. What we see is a noticeably larger end market. We see strength across all device types, whether it's logic foundry, whether it's memory. And within logic foundry, we see strength in both end markets. Within memory, we see strength in both NAND and DRAM. So we're really encouraged by the breadth of the strength we're seeing and we think it bodes well for the market. But I think it's too difficult to unpack specifically how much is attributed to which end market trend.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Harlan. Let me see if I can add a little more color on this to try to be helpful. I would look at the 90% historical number as a mindset of this management team, as a mindset of Applied Materials, to be committed to getting cash back in the hands of shareholders. We're going to remain committed to that going forward. I don't think what you will see from us is a formulaic approach to that. From a dividend standpoint, we made a big move on the dividend. We are going to continue to look at the performance of the business and the way we grow the business and review that policy on the periodic basis and look to grow our dividend as we grow the business. We're going to compliment that, the way we have historically, by being aggressive repurchasers of our shares when we feel intrinsic value is not fully reflected in the trading price of our stock. And we're going to continue to do that. So, rather than be formulaic, I think we're going to look to be opportunistic with the repurchase, committed to the dividend, committed to reviewing that policy over time as we grow the business. And I think our track record into the future will be similar as our historical track record of getting a substantial amount of excess free cash flow back to shareholders. But we do not want to be formulaic in that approach today.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Toshiya. So the company's got a really good track record over the last four years. Last four years, we've improved gross margin by 5 points. We've also articulated a model that says we're going to capture about 70 basis points of material costs of sales savings each year as we drive the business forward. That model still holds. But that's assuming a constant mix. You rightfully point out that we're going to have composition of our business, the mix composition of our business that's going to create a bit of a headwind and mask some of that ornamental progress. So to see a quarter where we see strong sequential growth in Display and have us hold the gross margin flat I think is a reflection of all the hard work that's going on behind the scenes to continue to drive the profitability of the company. What I would say is, our long-term model, we'd like to articulate a long-term model once a year during our Analyst Day and resist the temptation to update it along the way. What I would say is that we're going to be aggressive about looking for opportunities to do better than what we've advertised in our long-term model. And where we see opportunities, we will pursue it aggressively and make sure we're delivering as much value as possible for shareholders. Given the mix of businesses and the growth profile going forward, we'd like to stay consistent with our 47% gross margin out into the 2020 timeframe. And if we have an update, we'll review it in the fall at our Analyst Day.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Joe. So, implicit in the question is a framing that says we're ratcheting our estimates higher. What I would say is we're extending the range of our forecast out into the 2019 timeframe. And we feel really good about our end markets. What we're encouraged by is driven by three primary reasons. Macro trends, diversification of our demand drivers is the first. Second, capital intensity is up across the board, and that's all device types. And the third, customers are very, very healthy right now. So just double-clicking on each of those three elements, we've got macro trends shaping how we live our lives right now. We've been thinking about it for a while I think probably back into 2016 timeframe at our Analyst Day. Artificial intelligence, big data, Internet of Things, autonomous driving, these are playing out. We view these trends as real. They're making an impact. Demand for silicon is going up. Semiconductors are on the critical path of enabling each of these trends. Content in data centers is going up, content in edge devices is going up, and again, we're seeing strength across all device types. So the macro trends are incredibly favorable. As we look at capital intensity, capital intensity is up across the board. In foundry, 7-nanometer is up 100% over 28-nanometer. Memory, both NAND and DRAM is up between 40% and 60% over that same time period. Foundry is three times more capital-intensive than the memory market. And we used to have wafer size transitions where you would get 2.3 times the number of chips per wafer, for instance, when you go from 200 millimeter to 300 millimeter. The last transition was at – in the year 2000. WFE intensity went from 17% in that year to a low of 9% in 2013 when all of the efficiency gains of that transition were absorbed. And from 2013 to today, we've seen it trend up from that 9% to 12%. And we don't have another wafer size transition on the horizon, so we feel really good about the capital intensity that underpins our markets. And I guess, the third thing, customers are healthy. They're investing a lot of money to drive this growth into the semiconductor industry, but they're also making a lot of money. Their WFE spend as a percent of EBITDA is down. In 2012 to 2018, the three largest memory providers and the three largest foundry logic providers are all down 60% WFE spend as a percent of EBITDA. So we're really encouraged by what we see. Macro is good, markets are good and customers are profitable. We think it's a really healthy market, we're encouraged by it.
Daniel Durn: Yeah, I just want to build on very quickly the point Gary was making about our Services business. I think the way we profile this year from a service perspective will be different than we've seen historically because of the dynamic Gary talked about. I think you'll see a seasonally stronger first half and different profile into the back half of the year as a couple of these fabs facilitated by international customers are brought online in China. I think the way to think about the back half of the year, because you've got visibility now on Q1 and Q2, think about the back half of the year, is take our long-term compound growth rate in our Services business of 15%. And as you look at full year 2018 revenue over full year 2017 revenue, we're likely to be about 3 points above our long-term compound growth rate. I think that gives you a good framing on how to think about the Services business throughout the course of the year so you can dial in your models.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Craig. I'll go ahead and jump in and take this. I think it's too early to tell how spending profiles across that two-year sequence. I think it's important to just take a step back and look at what's really driving our view on a multi-year basis. Macro trends are real. Capital intensity is up, and we're seeing modest and disciplined growth into China. Again, we think these macro trends shaping people's lives. We're in the early innings. Gary referenced $80 billion of investments in autonomous vehicles. By 2020, eight OEMs are going to have Level 4 vehicles on the road. By 2022, it's 12 OEMs. We're in the early stages of SSD penetration of hard disk drives. And when we correlate it bottoms up with dialogue we have with customers, all indicators look good the best we can see, and fundamentals continue to look good into 2019. So while those trends we have a lot of confidence in, too early to call how revenue profiles over the forecast horizon.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Farhan. Like we said, we will be opportunistic with our repurchases. We've got a strong point of view on where the markets are going and how our company is performing within those respective markets gives us a lot of confidence in what the future holds for our business, more profitable, substantively higher free cash flow generation potential. And whenever we see disconnects in intrinsic value as we see it in our company and how we trade in the market, I think you'll see us be opportunistic with respect to those repurchases.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. I think it's probably good to close with a couple of quick thoughts. Personally, I can't think of a better time to be in the semiconductor industry. We talked a lot about multiple growth drivers that are important trends shaping our lives. These trends are going to drive tremendous productivity and the investments are non-discretionary for some of the largest, most competitive industries on the planet. It is fundamentally about staying competitive. Semiconductors are on the critical path of enabling those trends, and at the center of it, it all begins with what we do with Applied. When we bring all of this together, Applied's future is incredibly bright. Our breadth and depth is just an asset for the company. We are likely to be sustainably bigger, more profitable and we're going to generate more cash than in the past. And as we think about putting that cash to use, we talked about three important ways. Number one, we're going to invest in new products. This is going to lead the way and drive the organic growth profile we've seen over the last few years. We will invest to drive organic growth. We will pay higher dividends and we're going to be buying back more shares to drive even more shareholder value going forward. Finally, we look forward to seeing many of you. We're going to be at the Goldman conference tomorrow, and then next week and we'll be on the road in New York, Boston or Toronto. And, as always, thanks for joining us and we really appreciate the support. So, Mike, let's go ahead and close the call.
