Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Marcello and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Today, we will discuss the results for our first quarter, which ended on January 31st. Our earnings release was issued at 1.05 Pacific Time and you could find a copy on Business Wire and on our website appliedmaterials.com. Mike Splinter will be off the call with comments on the business environment and our strategies. George will follow and discuss our financial performance for Q1 and our expectations for Q2 and the rest of the year. We will then open the call for your questions. Before we begin, I have a quick calendar announcement. Applied will hold its 2010 Analyst Meeting in New York City on the afternoon of March 30th local time. We hope to see you at the meeting and we will have a live webcast and replay for anyone who won't be able to join us in person. We will be sure to provide you with further details about the event over the next few weeks. And with that, I would like to hand the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, George. To help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Marcello, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Jagadish, thank you for your question. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call and our earnings presentation will be available on our website today, beginning at 5 o'clock Pacific Time today and until March the 3rd. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Mike Splinter: Thanks, Stephen. That was a complex question, but okay, I'll try to take the first part and George can take the second part. On the – I think we are at least on orders be closer to 80% than 70%. But it's really hard to tell where the peak is going to be. I think the peak would have to get to something approaching $30 billion kind of run rate and – in WFE and we really haven't thought that that's possible at this point to surpass the kind of Q2 levels of 2007. So that's kind of where we are and we – it's just tough to have a visibility into what's going to happen in the second half as more investment broadens out from the small number of companies who are investing in semiconductor capacity today.
Mike Splinter: Yes, Jim. Flash, as you know, at 13% is well below where a run rate would be to sustain kind of a big growth of what we think could be close to 100% or so. So we are expecting that flash is going to come back in the second half of the year as the major flash producers start to invest. And so that first half, second half, we expect that when you look at it at the end of the year, flash will be close to 20% of the overall CapEx spending and wafer fab equipment spending.
Mike Splinter: Yes. I think that right now the foundry spending has really localized primarily to one company. So what we are expecting to see in the second half is broader investment from the rest of the members of the foundry community, but I think the leading foundries already announced how much they are going to spend for the year. So we are going to see that – it's front-half loaded.
Mike Splinter: Satya, I think the way we describe the second half of the year and the semiconductor business is – and you realize there is pretty limited visibility here in the second half at this point. But what we are thinking is it's flat to plus or minus 10% in the second half. If we have strong flash memory investment and we see the rest of the foundry guys coming into the game, we could see plus 10%. If we don't see that, we can kind of get minus 10% and I think that's probably what we are thinking right now.
Mike Splinter: Well, we've been – certainly, if you look at variable costs, they are already competitive and they are getting more competitive as we work with them to enhance the performance of the factories, which – the factories are really running quite well. So I think – but the bigger point on crystalline silicon, if the capacity comes on the way we think it is, this is going to – there is going to be a lot of pressure on pricing in the second half until more demand is created. We are still looking for demand to be created at a higher level in the U.S. and China and in India maybe in the second half and into 2011.
Mike Splinter: And you guys will get a chance to meet Joe at the Analyst Meeting at the end of the March. I think you will like him, he has got a great background and a great hire for us.
Mike Splinter: Sure. So we have significantly more exposure in the memory area. That's I think well chronicled. But we've been increasing our applications as well in the memory area, both in flash and in DRAM, in particular, strength in those – in the flash areas of double patterning where we've done an awful lot of work with customers and have been able to gain applications there, as well as in high aspect contacts and those kind of applications and DRAMs, which are becoming increasingly more prevalent. So those are more dielectric – both are dielectric oriented. And we are even starting to see some traction now at some of the foundries, which in the past logic has been our weak point in that.
Mike Splinter: Yes. On PVD, I'd just say the following. First of all, I think primarily what you are aiming at here is copper barrier/seed, which is kind of in the memory area, which is about 30% of the market and 30% of that market. So it's kind of a less than 10%. I don't think there has been any real share shifts. There are shared positions there were – we kind of go back and forth, but when you look at the new applications where the market is growing beyond memory, we are quite strong already in the conversion to copper and in memory. That's one aspect. But in metal gate silicides, that’s a new application, multiple steps in logic. And then as well as in packaging where I mentioned that we have a significant buying pattern for our Charger PVD system and we think that we will end up gaining share on that space in the end of the year.
Mike Splinter: Well, I think – as you know, microprocessors are on a note of technology that's generally ahead of the rest of the industry and they invest big in the odd years and order late in the even years. So that's kind of what I'm expecting to continue. We are very encouraged by the growth in the PC market. We thought that – we think overall, the PC market is going to grow 10% to 15% this year. If you saw HP's results earlier today, they said they had 26% increase in PC shipments. That's gigantic. So I would think that if that continues, capacity additions have to follow pretty quickly.
Mike Splinter: Thanks, Patrick. The word I think I would use to describe orders, not only in Q1 but Q2, is concentrated. They are quite concentrated – both revenue and orders are still quite concentrated at a very small number of companies. On the sustainability of DRAM, I just think that depends in big part on how the cell phone and PC markets go. Right now, we don't see enough capacity to meet kind of 60% bit growth, if it gets that high. We've been updating our analysis there and our estimates from – I think earlier in the last call we said 35% to 40%. We are kind of now in the 55% to 60%, but DRAM is undersupplied right now and we don't see that getting ahead of demand for the next few quarters.
Mike Splinter: Well, most people have technology partners today. So I think the places where there is real limitations or fundamental limitations on technology are very few. There can always be yield problems and product problems, those kinds of things, but I don't think that's fundamental. And I think the money issue is that had plagued a big part of the industry last year when no – when profits were low and in 2008, are solely being relieved as prices stay high, particularly in memory and more – we take – we look at this profitability very, very closely, because we do think ability to take on indebted customers is a very important factor. It'd have to give access to capital. And then I do think – of course, there is the question of litho cell availability. I think that's a thing we also watch closely because of the cost of that element of the equipment supply.
Mike Splinter: Yes. I think we are seeing pretty much everybody trying some level of double patterning, different levels in production and the flash guys clearly are – have mastered this technique in production these days and we are working very, very closely, our share in that space is quite good because of how much knowledge we gained early on in that technology.
Mike Splinter: Hi, Krish. So we don't see any space issues to $23 billion. I don't think that there are space issues for some significant amount above that. So usually factory managers and companies are quite imaginative about how to create space if they need it for capacity and it's – I don't think we know how to do a calculation that says how – exactly how much space there is and how much money it would take to fill that space. But it's not at $23 billion.
Mike Splinter: Sure. We really don't usually give out the specific market share versus our SAM, Jagadish. This – I think I can suffice it to say that we think we are going to gain 2 points this year over last year and we pretty much agree with the third party's assessment from – of our position from last year.
Mike Splinter: Sure. Obviously, as I said in prepared remarks, SunFab customers have been challenged in this current environment. The utilization of the SunFab factories is kind of at the same level of the entire industry, some fully loaded, some lowly loaded. But fundamentally, this – we believe in the technology and if we didn’t believe in the technology, we would make some big changes, but right now what we are focused on is meeting our commitments to customers. I think that that's a very important aspect of what we are doing with SunFab. And these products are really aimed at a market that's really just starting and that's utility scale solar. When you look at the temperature coefficient, when you look at the incident light, when you look at ambient particles in the air versus the efficiency of these panels, installation costs are huge advantages over other technologies for – and plus of course, the size of the panels. There is big advantages in this field. Now, the field – the utility scale solar has to develop, it's still very nascent market, it's a very small percentage of the total. As you know, most of the market is rooftop and that's where we've been having a lot of success with our crystalline silicon products as well. So we are still very excited about the overall market. We think it's good for long-term growth and we think we know how to make money in the equipment business and that's really fundamentally where we are.
George Davis: Stephen, hi. With respect to operating profit, we kind of peaked out in Q3 '07 at a 39 – just over 39%. So if you took 2 points off of that at about 37%, that would have been the peak operating margin, but generally we were operating closer to the low-to-mid 30s and I don't see any reason why we won't achieve those operating margins in this environment.
George Davis: Yes, thanks, Jim. I think April quarter is really where you will see the full flow-through of any temporary cost reductions coming back and we still have some shutdown days, normal holiday shutdown days in the first quarter. Those all go out and then obviously with the ramp of the business being stronger than we had anticipated, there is some variable comp that comes along with. But that should be pretty much reflected in Q2.
George Davis: Great. Let me just start with what we said. We expect cost savings to be about $450 million. About $250 million of that will be OpEx. I would expect, again, the cost to be back-end loaded. So at $250 million, that’s roughly $60 million a quarter. We said there was about $12 million a quarter already reflected in the – in our first quarter, so – with that adjustment. Our focus, as you know, in the near term is really managing to the ramp, but many of the programs that we have are longer term and we are continuing work on those including things like our Pan-Asia supply chain, making the organizational adjustments we've had such as moving sales into the business units. All these things are continuing, but some of the impacts will be pushed out as we've got kind of all hands of deck to manage the ramp.
George Davis: So it – I mean, it has been – it was – it has been about half of the order – or excuse me, the revenue and order profile for EES for the last couple of years. In terms of – in – it's probably a reasonable assumption for 2010 as well. It could be a little bit higher if we get a significant ramp in the second – the ramp continues in the second half in China for crystalline silicon and from a – from an operating margin standpoint, it's well into the double digits now and it's been a solid business for us.
George Davis: Sure. The major impact that we had from the supply chain difficulty this quarter was seen in higher expediting costs and really the costs of logistics in general were above normal and we are seeing improvements in the supply chain in the second quarter. I think we still have a little bit or work – workout to do, but the – there is no connection really between our decision to hire an external party and the challenges we are having here. As you know, we are going to be building up our capability in Singapore to strengthen our Pan-Asia supply chain and really the recent hire is in connection with that activity.
George Davis: And Steve, on the turns business and the new normal, what I would say is that we have seen certainly a push from all of our customers to shorten our cycle times and that’s – it's one of the reasons why we've gone to a much more modular manufacturing approach and worked very hard to strengthen our supply chain. I would also say that foundry customers, just by the nature of their end markets and the windows that they have to hit those markets, are probably the shortest-cycle customers that we have and so I think you have a little bit of the foundry effect. So I do think short cycle is certainly new normal and I would say we are at – given the mix of foundry right now, we are at the shorter end of that short cycle; and that's probably too many cycles.
George Davis: Sure, Edwin. Yes, it's a good question. The 60% is a calendar year forecast and as you know, we have a fiscal year that misses two of those months. We expect the shipment and revenue activity to be strong both in '09 – or excuse me, in 2010 and the first part of '11 and I think any difference between the market forecast and our revenue forecast is really just revenue timing.
George Davis: And Krish, on – in terms of the cost reduction, the $450 million program is really about long-term structural change for the company. It's not meant to capture all activities in the company. For Semitool, what we've said is that it will be cash accretive in year one and GAAP accretive in year two and we have synergy programs that support that, but we have not disclosed that.
George Davis: No, as you know, we don't guide to orders in individual segments, but Display is certainly one of the areas along with the Silicon that we are expecting positive improvement.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: And the second one on your yearly revenue guidance for Silicon System. Of the 100%, is that including the Semitool acquisition, because you said something in your prepared statements – something – a 100% increase and $2.5 billion also you said the revenue increase, I'm not (inaudible) clearly.
George Davis: Those are different things. The 100% does include the effect of Semitool. Remember, we will have three quarters of Semitool in the year and it includes really all of the factors, whether it be share gain, growth in the market, we – and we said more than 100%. So that's for the full year. The $2.5 billion is really – is just a simple math of saying we are going to be up more than 50% year-over-year. So that's 50% on top of the $5 billion last year; that's where the $2.5 billion came from.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. All right, thank you.
