Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Jennifer. Today, we will discuss the results for our second quarter, which ended on April 27. Joining me on the call are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today’s call contains forward-looking statements including our current view of the company’s industries, our performance, products, share positions, profitability, announced business combination with Tokyo Electron and business outlook. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied and they should be interpreted in that light. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our most recent Form 10-Q, Form-8-K and other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements speak as of May 15, 2014 and we assume no obligation to update them. Today’s call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today’s earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the investor page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I would like to make a calendar announcement. On the afternoon of Monday, July 7, Applied will hold its 2014 Analyst Briefing in San Francisco, with a live webcast for anyone who is not traveling to SEMICON West this year. We will provide you with more details as we get closer to the event. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks Bob. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow up. Jennifer, let’s please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Ben. And Jennifer, we are running a little over. So, I would like to ask you if we have maybe two more questioners in the queue please.
Michael Sullivan: Great. So, Mehdi thanks for your question and we would like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of this call will be available on our website by 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. And we would really hope to see many of you in San Francisco for the SEMICON West briefing on July 7, the afternoon of July 7. So, thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Bob Halliday: I will take a shot at it, Jim. I will give you some data points. Number one, we did have strong orders in the quarter for both SSG and display and we ended the quarter with our highest backlog in years. So, that feels pretty good about little bit of wind at our back. Positionally, we are doing very well as a company on these transitions, whether they would be VNAND or FinFET. There has been speculation on a couple of concerns I think. One is some of the VNAND things may have pushed out and I think there is a general consensus, a little less spending in the short-term on that although we see that as very powerful longer term trend. But on the other hand, we do see a serious commitment by our customers to getting there on FinFETs. So, there might be a little bit of optimism coming on that in the intermediate term. And then I think specific to Applied, as I mentioned we have the strong backlog. We have very strong display wind in our back also for both TVs and the smaller displays. And the solar business is doing okay for us. So overall, I would say there is a little bit of pushes and shoves, maybe a little bit of softness people have talked about, but overall we feel pretty good about our position.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think we are making progress, Jim. You have to segment. Obviously, you segment it by our segments, that’s obvious. And if you look at it, Solar is doing a lot better. I think the costs have come down. We are into the black there. Display is doing really well as a business. If you go look at – if you also look at AGS, the margins were up. Then you look within semi and we are making sustainable progress on some of the underlying things, which are the costs are somewhat down, the positioning is good, the new products are starting to appear. And then you have some mix issues that helped us a little bit on the quarter. We had a little bit less etch and we had that one-time Korean thing, but I would say underlying progress is pretty good. We think it will be pretty good next quarter and up on the year.
Bob Halliday: Yes. We don’t – honestly, C.J., we don’t give exclusive guidance on orders. We feel that the business environment is okay. I think it’s not as a big concern as people say. We see pretty good strength in the second half. We see the FinFET stuff okay. As Gary said, the foundry spending is more spread out. I think to get greater visibility into the mix you have got to look below the top three guys. You have got to look at all those other spenders, the next four or five. And that strength year-on-year is more powerful than sometimes people focus on with the top three. So, I think the second half is okay. Traditionally, last few years, the fourth calendar quarter tends to be a little bit bigger than the third calendar quarter, but still too early to say.
Bob Halliday: Yes. Let me look you out there on that one. I think what we said on the call was from quarter-to-quarter, foundry was – flipping pages.
Bob Halliday: Yes, if you look at quarter-to-quarter as we said in the call, we had pretty strong orders overall but we found foundry Q1 to – if you want to hear about ‘13, I will tell you right now.
Bob Halliday: Yes. We had pretty gross margins in Q2 and we think in Q3, we are pretty strong too. I don’t want to be specific, but I think it’s in the ballpark, slightly up a little bit, I don’t know if it’s 100 basis points.
Bob Halliday: Now, the other thing you got going Tim is you said the tax rate in the quarter, next quarter is probably a little lower because we guided for the year in 24.1%. And this quarter was 24.7%, so if you figure some benefit probably on gross margins, some benefit on tax, the math does the work.
Bob Halliday: Yes and I will give you some color, so Q1 to Q2 as we said on the call, foundry was pretty strong in Q2, but not as strong as in Q1 bookings, our fiscal quarters, right. We had – DRAM was up a fair amount, flash is down slightly and logic and other was up.
Bob Halliday: Yes. Well, this is the trap I get into when I give full year numbers. I don’t want to give Q4 guidance, Krish. We do want to give you some color, so I think our gross margins and Op margins in Q3 are in pretty good shape, I wouldn’t see why they would go down in Q4, but I don’t want to give specifics soon.
Bob Halliday: And so we think the Fin stuff is around 25%, right. I think we think the Fin stuff is around 25%, the 20 nanometer grouped in there is net above that.
Bob Halliday: DRAM, we think is up this year, Patrick. As we said, Q2 was up on Q1 for us in bookings. Q3 and Q4, we feel are better than Q1, but maybe not quite as good as Q2 for us. If you look at what’s going on there, on the periphery stuff, we are benefiting particularly in medium current and high current implant as it gets more logic like there is all sorts of gap fill stuff going on that’s helping us. We are going to be introducing cobalt with our PVD tools. Dielectric mesh looks good for us. And in etch we are making pretty good progress too. So, there is a bunch of transitions that are going on for us in the periphery, which is getting more logic like and also some of this capacitor stuff looks pretty good.
Bob Halliday: Yes, what we see Patrick is really all of the customers are focused on the transition from planar to 3D NAND, because of the bit scaling opportunity that they have. Now, there are challenges in that transition. And we actually have a very strong position. In etch, that is really our strongest market segment, the planar and 3D NAND. And we have new applications that we are growing in that segment. We also have some unique technology that is focused on addressing the major challenges, yield challenges that customers have as they are making this transition from planar to 3D NAND, some new deposition technology. So, we really look at that being a really great opportunity. As we have talked about before the switch from planar to 3D NAND is really focused on thermal deposition and etch products. And we have made a lot of investment in those areas. We see this as a great opportunity for us to grow share as these transitions happen. What we have said is that our available market growth was 25% or 30% in the first generation. And then as you continue to scale the number of layers as they drive bit scaling that growth is even stronger for us. So, we believe that we are in a very good position as that transition happens. Now, it is the tough transition, but every single one of our customers are very focused really on technology buys to drive the development of that technology. Certainly we see 2015, the spending ramping a fair amount above what we see in 2014. So, most of the customers are really planning to ramp in ‘15 and ‘16. And this as we said is a very good opportunity for us.
Bob Halliday: I think that’s accurate. I mean, we do see increase in capital intensity. We do see it playing well in the areas, where we compete. We do see that our customers are competing and then things like FinFET and VNAND are very powerful devices down the road. Now, VNAND when they go to second generation, it probably becomes more cost effective than first generation. FinFET, we will have to play out a little bit. One of the more intriguing things that’s starting to pop up on the FinFET stuff too is the interconnect which we talked about a little in the call. So, how it all plays out commercially in a couple of years, I am not sure. The other thing I think I said to you on an earlier call, John we are managing the company to achieve significant levels of profitability, a $30 billion wafer fab equipment, so that we are a very attractive company in terms of growing market share profitability at $30 billion to $37 billion.
Bob Halliday: Yes, we have had some of this in the past, Stephen. You worry about all these things, because it’s a reasonably big deal, but in the end it hasn’t had huge impact. There are a few things going on that touch on what Gary just said. We do very well at places like foundry because we are enabling technology, if you look at PVD to metal gauge, look at epi, our products really help them solve, again as Gary says high value problem. So the benefit and value of our products is really high on foundries and particularly at inflections around metal gates, FinFETs and also in inflections in VNAND frankly. The inflection we are pursuing on DRAM is a little bit more in the periphery. So then if you go to customers consolidating, we have strong share in all the foundries and our enabling technology we had very high market share in those because we are enabling, so I think it will work out.
Bob Halliday: My memory is we are gaining share on both planar and 3D NAND. And I think our percentage of wafer fab equipment is slightly higher in 3D NAND because there is more deposition in etch. So our share of wafer fab equipment is up in both in – our share is up in both. The relative share is up more in 3D for two reasons. We are winning positions. And it’s more deposition etch-intensive. In terms of the spending mix between the two, it was about 30%...
Bob Halliday: Yes. The margins for AGS were strong. They were the beneficiary of that 0.5 point of gross margin improvement for the overall company that was a recovery of a Korean customs audit that we did well on, that we reserved in Q4 ‘13. So it’s a little bit of one-time item in that. Generally, our AGS margins are doing better, I don’t know if the current quarter is exactly going to stay the same for the foreseeable future probably because of that Korean customer’s audit.
Bob Halliday: Well, the book to bill has been north of 1, as you said Edwin, we are guiding down on revs because even though we don’t think there is any big time pause, it’s typically the last few years that Q3 in terms of order trend isn’t quite as high as other quarters. So I don’t think it’s a big time pause, I think we are being helped by second tier buying, but it’s probably off a little bit in orders.
Bob Halliday: Yes. What you are seeing in the second half, you are starting to get a little bit bigger pull recently for FinFET stuff. So, we said on the year, it was about 25% FinFET stuff across foundries and about 75% planar. The planar stuff was more weighted to the beginning of the year and the FinFET stuff is more weighted to the end of the year. And recently, it’s been in public domain a lot last month or so. People have become a little bit more worried about VNAND timing this year versus next year. I think there is a little bit more pull recently for FinFET.
Bob Halliday: Yes, we know about silicon-on-insulator technology for a while now. It’s been around for a while. It’s hard for us to see a big inflection here, but we haven’t spent a lot of time on it either.
Bob Halliday: I don’t think we have changed a lot. We didn’t change our range. We are probably a little bit lower in the range. I think it’s the stuff people have talked about a little bit. NAND – the total NAND is a little bit off probably, not big time. We are still at around the $7 billion number, but a little bit and I think it’s mostly timing between years also.
Bob Halliday: There are a couple of things. Display backlog is up significantly, but year-on-year, I think the SSG backlog is also up. So, we are in okay, pretty good shape on both in terms of the mix. Gross margins are higher as you know in SSG versus display, but display operating margins have been trending up reasonably well. So, the gap isn’t as big as it used to be. Third, the lead times for display equipment are much longer. So, I don’t think we are going to have a big bump in our operating margins in any given quarter, because of unusual display disparities either in operating margins or in huge volume of business. I think it will be manageable.
Bob Halliday: Well, if you go look at the model, we showed you last Analyst Day July 7 or 8 last year, we trended up to 25% operating margins at $37 billion number. And now some people including John earlier on the call, was worried that it wouldn’t be $37 billion environment. Our model, we showed also on that day was at a $30 billion environment. We are going to do about $22.5 billion. And so to make that model work between the $30 billion and the $37 billion, you need to have an improvement in SSG operating margin. As we said today earlier, across the whole company if you look at our spending in $8 billion revenue environment, which was 2004, ‘08 and sort of ‘12/13, we are spending about 4 points higher as a company on R&D as a percentage of sales. And most of that’s in SSG. So, we expect not only that our spending as a percentage of sales will be more favorable, but we will start to get growth in sales, especially in SSG as these new products hit the market. So, the short answer to your question is, yes.
Bob Halliday: Yes, I think that operating – to resonate what both of you said, I believe we can get to the type of numbers you are saying in a moderate spending environment. And I believe the way we will do it will largely be – we will start to kick in some revenue growth that we are investing in for now.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, I would say also if we look at across the market with what we are hearing from customers, the foundry spending is expanding to additional customers above what they were in 2013. So, based on what we are seeing from customers and even some increase in demand short-term from some customers, we see that business being pretty good for 2014. NAND demand is pretty strong and again we see that up. DRAM, we also believe is up. Logic, we think maybe flat or down. But if you look at all of the different customers in the segments and you add it all up based on what we are saying, we are still in the range of the 10% to 20%, maybe it’s more towards the bottom end of that range, but still in that range.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, sure. We have had a really good start to 2014 in a number of different businesses. This last quarter was very good and we look over the next two quarters, it’s kind of hard to see beyond the next six months. Those next two quarters also look pretty good for us. Major driver for the next few years is the transition customers are making in foundry and memory to dramatically different device architectures with FinFET and 3D NAND. These transitions are very good for us really enabled by materials innovation and we are optimistic that these transitions will grow our business and share as they happen. And beyond those leadership businesses, we are also seeing momentum in etch and PDC. And so you combine all of those factors together, we believe we are in a good position to grow our market share in 2014 and beyond.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Again, as we have more to announce, we will. But rather to their process, we really continue to expect the merger to close within the second half of 2014 and the process is proceeding pretty much as we expected. And we look forward to closing within the original timeline. The other thing I would say is that the level of engagement and working relationships within the integration teams are really tremendous. And as I also mentioned earlier that we really have increasing confidence that we can rapidly bring together their critical areas and enable the new company to achieve its strategic and financial goals. So again, from a timing standpoint pretty much similar to what we had originally communicated and no real change in expectations there.
Gary Dickerson: We are not going to comment on all of those discussions. What we have said before is, those discussions went pretty much as we expected. And I have engaged with pretty much all of our top customers in the last month and there really have been no surprises in any of those discussions.
Gary Dickerson: Well, let me talk about etch first. We are really happy about the progress. We are making in conductor etch. We focused on investing in areas where we had the best opportunities to grow. And as we discussed this is paying off. As we discussed earlier with the 6 points of share gain last year, we have added a great talent into the team. The level of excitement is tremendously high. In the second quarter, we had the highest conductor etch revenue in the last seven years. And based on the interactions with customers, we believe that we will have further conductor etch share wins this year and continue to grow share in 2014 and beyond, so very, very good momentum in conductor etch. Inspection, last quarter we also had the second highest revenue quarter for PDC. And we anticipate 2014 could be a record year for this business, so very, very strong pull from customers in all segments including inspection and defect review. I think one thing that people really maybe are not fully aware of is that we have leadership in e-beam review. We introduced the G6 e-beam review tool this year, very strong pull from customers extending our leadership. And this is also one of the segments that is the fastest growing as customers are focusing on how to solve defect problems as they make these major transitions in foundry and memory, so very strong growth in the market, in the total available market in e-beam review and very strong share position. So really in both of those businesses in 2014 the perspective is very positive.
Gary Dickerson: So most of – I would say 25% or so around FinFET technology this year. And really the bulk of the rest is 20 nanometer in 2014.
Gary Dickerson: Sure, absolutely. So interconnect scaling is really a major challenge for customers, they need to fill smaller and higher aspect ratio of structures with good device performance and high yield and this is getting really hard for future devices. So to address these issues we developed the integrated cobalt liner and also a selectively deposited capping layer to enable customers to continue to use copper for future nodes. The cobalt liner is integrated on the same platform with our PVD chambers, which is a really great opportunity to expand our market in interconnect. And the capping layer is really a unique selective film similar to epi where we have a huge growing business and enabling new capabilities for customers. If you look at the size of the markets, you have two steps that will go across five different layers, so it’s about 10 steps. And it’s about a couple of million dollars for every 1K wafer starts roughly in terms of the size of the business. And this year in CVD we anticipate this is going to be a strong year. We anticipate gaining several points of share and part of that is this new Cobalt CVD film. So we anticipate very strong adoption in logic and foundry for really all of the customers and that will add a fair amount of business in 2014.
Gary Dickerson: Well, Patrick [ph] as we talked about in the Analyst Day, we really sized our business at $30 billion. So, we are improving our profitability in our profile – sorry, we are really driving improvements in our business model at $30 billion. So, relative to the increasing CapEx spending, if you look at the planar to 3D NAND more spending is in the areas that are – where we participate and really where we have enabling technologies. So, you look at deposition etch and thermal processes that CapEx is going up and litho as a percentage is going down. So, that is a really very good opportunity for us. The other thing I would say just as I travel around and I visited pretty much all of the major customers in the last month or two, the drive – this is a real war for mobility leadership that’s happening. So, if you look at the memory area, the transition from planar to 3D NAND is a big bet that these different customers are focused on. And so they are all trying to get there first with the best technology. And the foundry competition is even more fierce, because people are focused on driving low-power, higher performance, more features. And so you look at this battle that’s going on, we absolutely see stronger pull from those customers. And as you said that the CapEx does go up as they are moving to those new devices. Fortunately, for us, they are very heavily leveraged with our materials, precision materials engineering technologies. So, the transitions are good for us, but it is a big battle and a big bet for all of these different customers as they go through this transition. So anyway, John, those are my thoughts, I don’t know, Bob, do you have any….
Gary Dickerson: Yes, John, really the foundry segment is our strongest segment really across the board. So, the more foundry is growing, that’s really great for us. And we have a great opportunity as customers are introducing these new technologies, you gave more epi stuffs. You have a number of other areas that we talked about, the Cobalt CVD. A lot of these technologies we are seeing a broad adoption across all of these different customers. And so as this broadens out, that’s very good for us as that mix shifts towards stronger foundry spending.
Gary Dickerson: We really don’t – we are not sharing any of that kind of information at this point, so I don’t think we would have a perspective on that.
Gary Dickerson: I think we just have some good timing on backlog. We have pretty good positions in share. So typically, there are typical customers who give you backlog and lead times that tends to be logic and a little bit more foundry, a little less so memory. But I think I wouldn’t read too much into that.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. Those are the areas that we see that are the strongest. I mean as Bob mentioned, the periphery is really changing to be more logic like, I mean it’s lagging certainly the foundry and logic people by a couple of nodes, but we are seeing really strong pull for implant. I was just in Asia with one of our customers and really very, very strong pull as they are moving to next generation DRAM devices. We talked about cobalt, some other films for the capacitors, etch, different etch steps, so I would agree that those areas we are seeing pretty strong pull.
Gary Dickerson: 30% this year. But as we talked about before there is may be 25%, 30% growth, just in first generation, I mean some people will also quote kind of what the growth is from planar to 3D NAND. But you really have to look at the number of layers in the stack, so for us it’s 25%, 30% as you go to first generation 3D NAND devices. And we did see an increase in market share in the first customers that were moving from planar to 3D NAND. We didn’t give an exact number and how much that share was going up, but there was a fair increase as we went through that transition.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. One thing I would say, a couple of things I guess on AGS. If you think about what is happening with our customers in foundry and memory and in logic, they are making major transitions in device technology. So as they are moving to FinFET, they are moving from planar to 3D NAND. As they are shrinking these devices, defects become a bigger issue, uniformity becomes a bigger issue, edge die yield, tool stability. So for our customers to extend our large install base of tools as they are making these transitions, they are really pulling on us more and more and that really gives us an opportunity in AGS. The other thing is we really are making major changes in our organization to drive lower cost and also improve our ability in the parts business to grow that parts business, lower cost for customers and also providing parts that do give lower defects, better uniformity these types of capabilities. So we are making – really, it’s a big drive for us and we see this as an opportunity for us to grow that business.
Gary Dickerson: Well, I think kind of the big picture for us is that these major technology transitions that are happening within foundry, logic, memory, huge changes in the transistor, from planar to 3D NAND, those – that’s the big picture. And we talked about significant growth in PVD and epi and a number of different areas and we really see that continuing. There really are more steps that are being added as the customers are trying to drive device scaling and it is very hard for them to make these transitions. And really more and more focused on materials innovation, so I would say that is the major theme for us. And that provides a very good environment over the next few years as the customers ramp those new devices. Now within etch, we were fortunate last year that we had the 6 points of share gain in overall etch. And really based on our gains in conductor etch and as I said earlier, we had last quarter the highest conductor etch revenue in seven years and we really have very strong pull from customers. Certainly in NAND flash, we see that market being very strong. We are also – we also anticipate that we will grow our business in foundry this year. And then the other area that is an inflection is around selective material removal, where we have very strong products and we see that technology continuing adoption as the customers are implementing these new device structures. So, we really see a really great opportunity in etch for us to continue to grow in conductor etch. One of the things I talked about also is that we are not trying to boil the ocean. So, we have focused on the areas, where we thought that we had the best opportunities. And certainly, we saw that conductor etch was a great opportunity. We have very strong pull from customers in conductor etch and we have increased our investment, shifted money into that segment and that’s where we see continued growth in 2014 and beyond.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, absolutely. And again, I think that as Bob talked about, timing really can make a difference as you get to an end of the calendar year and someone pushes out any of these technologies by one quarter, but we basically are in constant communication with our customers and the forecast that we have right now is pretty much aligned with what we hear from them.
Gary Dickerson: No, we talked about really on 3D NAND versus planar and the feature sizes are increasing as that’s the reason why they are going. Again, they are going to the 3D scaling versus 2D scaling. So, it’s not shrinking the dimensions as there is the transition from planar to 3D NAND. So again, what we see from the big – our large customers etch, deposition and thermo processors are going up and litho because you are scaling vertically, not horizontally, the feature sizes are not as demanding and that is reducing the percentage of litho CapEx in 3D NAND.
Gary Dickerson: Yes. So, what we are saying is basically when that transition happens, we are not talking specifically about the mix, where we did give those numbers on 2014, but as the 3D NAND ramps, our total available market goes up and then it’s just a function of how much of that spending is happening in ‘14 versus ‘15 and ‘16, but definitely as that device ramps, that’s good for us.
Gary Dickerson: So, if you look at – we think 3D is up to about 80,000 by the end of the year. That’s including about 30,000 from last year.
Gary Dickerson: And so wafer starts are up a fair amount. We have foundry there. I mean, foundry is up quite a bit too, but it’s more about wafer starts than greenfield fabs, I think.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, Mehdi, the other thing I would say is that we have talked before about shifting over $200 million maybe as much as $300 million of OpEx spending. EES is now getting back into the black. We have shifted a lot of money out of that. We have shifted a lot of money out of headquarters functions into the semiconductor R&D. So, the operating margins as you pointed out correctly are lower, but we really believe that those investments that we are making in SSG are important for our customers as they move to these new device technologies, FinFET, first generation, future generations, the interconnect technologies, new memory technologies. We really think those investments are important for our customers for the industry and we believe that we will get a good return on those investments. So, there is not going to be any reduction in that R&D spending in the near term.
