Michael Sullivan: Thank you, Carrie, and good afternoon. Joining me today are Mike Splinter, our Chairman and CEO; George Davis, our Chief Financial Officer; and Joe Sweeney, our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Today, we'll discuss the results for our fourth quarter and fiscal year, which ended on October 30. Our earnings release was issued just after 1 p.m. Pacific Time, and you can find a copy on our website, appliedmaterials.com. Also on the website is our quarterly financial highlights presentation, which provides additional details. Mike Splinter will lead off the call with comments about the industry environment, as well as our performance and plans. Next, George will discuss our financial performance for the quarter and the year, as well as our expectations entering fiscal 2012. Although we have a lot of ground to cover today, we'll be sure to leave plenty of time for your questions.  And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Splinter.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, George. And to help us reach as many of you as we can, please ask just one question and no more than one brief follow-up. Carrie, let's, please, begin.
Michael Sullivan: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call this afternoon. The replay of our call will be available on our website beginning at 5 p.m. Pacific time today. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
George S. Davis: Sure. Again, we think we've bottomed out in SSG in Q4, so we expect a bounce in orders in Q1. And that also, obviously, reflects the addition of the Varian orders. Display, it's going to -- it's the law of small numbers. They're -- they bottomed out in Q4 as well at $20 million north. So we'll see a -- percentage-wise a big bounce but at the start of an increase in orders in the display area. I think EES, it could go either positive or negative. It really just depends. It's coming off a pretty low order level in Q4. So -- and then AGS would -- is going to be, I would say, down slightly in orders, but that's really more a function of the utilization rates we're seeing right now. We think that'll start to come back as semi spending increases.
George S. Davis: So we've really focused our cost reductions in display and EES on getting our manufacturing rightsized for the environment. Certainly, in display, we're used to cycles, and so we've taken the normal actions there. We've taken very strong actions also in both of the businesses within EES, the solar businesses. We're continuing, though -- as you know, there's a lot going on in all of these businesses, and so we we'll continue with our program spending to make sure that we continue to drive the technology there. In terms of the synergies for Varian, I would agree with you, it's a very well-run business. And -- but we're confident that we'll get more than the $50 million to $60 million annually that we expect out of that. And I would say 2/3 or 3/4 will come out of OpEx. And part of that is just overlap between the operations. And then, obviously, on the cost of goods side we have a global supply chain where we think we can take some costs down.
George S. Davis: Great. Yes, I'll take -- Yes, I can take them. Sure. In terms of restructuring, I think we're -- we have and are continuing to take actions with these -- with our solar businesses to get their supply chain aligned with our global supply chain to make the manufacturing process more and more efficient. They are actually very lean organizations operationally. And so I think what you're going to see is it's going to be -- we're looking at a very strong and rapid falloff. You had a -- over 45% drop in orders in Q3 followed by over 70% in Q4. So it's going to take a little bit of time to adjust to how rapid that is, but we'll -- we accelerated the manufacturing actions. And we think, overall, the basic cost structure of those businesses is pretty solid, and as the business recovers, you'll start to see a good margin performance again.
George S. Davis: Sure. So if you look at Varian's run rate coming into this quarter, so the 3 months leading up, the revenue would have been around, let's say, $240 million, $250 million. We're going to -- we're assuming in our Q1 numbers that you have about $200 million in revenue overall, not because it really is down period-over-period, but there's some rev rec adjustments that we'll take a look at to align with our rev rec policies. About 80% of their revenue is systems-related and about 20% is services, and that will be the breakout that we use in this quarter. And so pretty straightforward adjustment for the first quarter.
George S. Davis: We said that they were going to operate near breakeven. We did not -- there's still a lot of volatility in their number. It could be below breakeven; it could be slightly above.
George S. Davis: I would say, right now, with some of the spending programs -- we've added to some programs that are outside of the specific operating units. So I would say that the breakeven is more in line with $750 million, maybe $725 million to $800 million depending on mix. You've got -- obviously, we've got different margin structures of the businesses.
George S. Davis: Yes, right now, we're actually carrying the solar activities in the -- in our SSG segment until we get to the point where the product's a little more mature, and then we'll switch it over.
George S. Davis: Sure. I think a couple of things. One, you're going to see the factory absorption improve. It doesn't improve instantly. As you know, it takes time to bring that down, but that will improve substantially. Also, in the quarter, the operating margin was impacted by some of the -- some inventory reserves that were taken. So that kind of in essence understated the performance at that level. So you have a little more headroom to get to the $175 million. Then the question will be what's the mix of the business that we have overall, whether it's going to be $150 million -- or excuse me, $175 million or $200 million a quarter for breakeven.
George S. Davis: But it's a positive factor in the first half of the year. It should be mentioned along with the others.
George S. Davis: I think -- Jim, I think there's as much variability in what their spending plans are going to be just from the macroeconomic situation. They're so consumer-based in terms of their demand signals, that I think that will be as much a factor in the coming year as their business models.
George S. Davis: Sure. Tim, we are well below the model and Samsung is -- the Samsung settlement is a factor. It was also a quarter where we had a big dropoff in revenue, so factory absorption is another factor in that. Also, there are inventory adjustments that were taken in the quarter, which had an impact. I think overall, as we said, our spending levels that we see going forward are higher than we thought at the time we put the model out in March. We would expect to continue to see an impact there, but the gap between the model and where we are today will close several points over the year.
George S. Davis: And, Stephen, I don't want to imply that we're not taking a lot of action. I mean if you look at the level of production that both of these -- both of our solar divisions were operating under just 1.5 quarter ago, and so the rapid ramp-down getting the manufacturing organizations sized to where they are today and starting to take down the cost structure has -- there's been a tremendous amount of action on the part of our employees and our managers. So -- but it is a rapid and big dropoff that we have to absorb.
George S. Davis: Sure. The financial debookings were -- about 2/3 or more were EES and display and really just reflected the steep dropoff that we saw. Obviously, you've seen a drop in orders in SSG and AGS as well, so there's been some minor adjustments there, mostly again, financial debookings. Cancellations were only $74 million of the total overall. So -- and then in terms of the -- what was the other question -- was on the inventory and how we feel about the EES inventory. As you may recall from previous discussions, we don't book anything for these businesses until we get a deposit. So we have deposit in LCs covering much of our backlog in our inventory, and while we would expect there to be a lot of discussion with customers, our economic protection is quite good. And remember, a good portion of our inventory, for instance, is deferred inventory in EES where we already have it fully secured.
George S. Davis: Sure. Yes. In terms of the -- any reduction with Varian -- and, again, I don't have those numbers in front of me to validate them or not. The $60 million is really carrying forward their current spending plans. So it was consistent with what they were planning on doing over that time period. There may have been some compensation accruals or other things in their $70 million. But we'll update you over time as we pull synergies out of the combined operation. Overall -- what was the...
George S. Davis: The core OpEx, we went -- on core OpEx, we're actually down in the run rate from running around $530 million plus or minus $10 million to running at about $500 million plus or minus $10 million. And what you're seeing, we're actually down further than that in what I would consider to be G&A-type OpEx as we're trying to preserve spending in these critical programs during this bottoming period. So we think at $500 million plus or minus $10 million plus then the $60 million for Varian, that's actually the right kind of positioning for our spending, given the fact that we do expect to start to bounce off the bottom, and we don't want to compromise our ability to compete in these critical opportunities with customers just because we have a weak quarter.
George S. Davis: Yes, we definitely think the second half of the year is going to be a little bit stronger. The only place where I'd maybe take a little bit of exception with your math is just the fact that the backlog factors into our outlook in the math. So again, we think to get to the midpoint of the guidance, you would have to see some increase in the second half, but I don't believe it's 40%.
George S. Davis: I think from a mix standpoint, you saw we had some margin recovery, obviously, year-over-year this year with thin film coming out, but we still were -- with about $2 billion in revenue in EES, the gross margin structure of those businesses is not as high as, obviously, the gross margin structure in the semiconductor business. So we would expect, just from a mix standpoint that, that should have a positive effect on gross margin.
George S. Davis: Well, what we said overall is that we thought it would be up almost 10% to 20% year-over-year as a range. But obviously, if -- we'll just have to see whether or not it's enough to offset whatever -- that's assuming a certain level of wafer fab equipment. What we said -- excuse me, we said it would be up that much in the first quarter. But what we believe for the full year is it's possible to be up even in the face of a down year because of the addition of Varian. But we're not -- we don't have a specific guidance yet because, quite frankly, the range is just so broad on the full year that trying to do that would be -- it's just too early in the year.
Michael R. Splinter: C.J., this is Mike. The only additional comment I would make I think is in semi, really, the order uptick will primarily driven, we believe, by foundries and a bit by NAND flash.
Michael R. Splinter: Chris, on the Varian organization, already we are reporting the services revenue in AGS. The organization, we're keeping together, obviously, in Gloucester. Over a period of time, as we get more familiar with the organization, how it's run and the like, we'll most certainly have the various products report into the analogous product groups in our company. I think, George, you may want to comment on how we're handling rev rec and -- for Varian during this first quarter.
Michael R. Splinter: It'll be a little bit more broad-based than one customer, but, as you know, our overall customer base is pretty consolidated. The big thing that's driving NAND demand right now is still tablets and smartphones. We think it's still pretty strong end of the year for both of those product lines, and that's what has customers interested in moving a little capacity forward. The application processors on the tablets are getting bigger. That's really the big move in foundries, as well as the sheer numbers growing.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. Obviously, we've known that there's been capacity excess in solar for some time and -- but customers have continued to put on quite a substantial amount of capacity, spent over $10 billion this year. We think 2012 will drop something in half to the best of our knowledge at this point. So if you just start at the solar cell and module suppliers, as you know, many of them are not making money at this time after a very successful start to 2011. I do think that there will be some consolidation in that part of the market, maybe some significant consolidation. How it happens, I think we'll probably see a number of companies go out of business. We've already seen 7 in the U.S. go out, but I think this is going to be a worldwide phenomena. The stronger companies that have access to cash will survive. But the end market through this whole period is going to grow and we think grow substantially because the costs are getting to the point where prices can achieve the $1 a watt -- or module goal we've been striving for, for quite some time. Still a long way from $1 a watt installed, but we're getting a lot closer to parity with other kinds of electricity generation. We'll see that happen, I think, within 5 years for sure. So we do think that there'll be some restructuring in the industry. I think we like our position. We're concentrating on technology and how to help customers lower their costs, improve their efficiency performance, and we're going to continue to drive a roadmap like that going forward. And we think if we do that, so we'll continue to have a successful solar business.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, let me start out by -- we look for overall wafer fab equipment spending in 2012 to be down 10% to 20%. That's our initial premises. So we think that foundry spending overall is going to be down at pretty much that rate. As the largest part of wafer fab equipment spending, they'll kind of be at the average down. NAND will be up overall year-on-year, and then DRAM flat because it's already so small. And we see logic being down a little bit more than the average. So we're not expecting -- while we're seeing an uptick from a lower level on foundry spending, we're not expecting in our plans that foundry spending would be up year-over-year. Now I do agree that most of the spending that we're seeing right now is on 32, 28, 20 kind of nanometer technologies. That's good for us. We like that, like to continued treadmill. We think that's very, very positive. Utilization at those nodes is quite high. And as the economy strengthens, I do think we'll see fill-in on the older nodes. So I'm not expecting, at least at this point, foundries to make a massive move to reconfigure their older lines to the most modern technologies. So I think they're going to stay focused on 28 nanometers. I think most of their spending across the board is going to be in that range. And I think because of the significant increase in capital required to deliver these technologies, I don't think we're seeing overinvestment at this point. And I see it still strengthening through -- that -- these investments strengthening through the year.
Michael R. Splinter: We think it will be down a little bit more than the average next year, Jim, primarily just driven by when node adoption happens for major customers. So I have nothing severe, but a little bit more than the average.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, one -- that's one of the things we took into our view as we tried to make a projection for 2012, Jim. And I think in one case we've already heard of some ramp pushouts, those are public.
Michael R. Splinter: We do expect SOME revenue from OLED displays. We're clearly working with our customers. A number of customers are looking at these. They've been primarily focused at smaller display varieties for cellphones and the like. A couple of customers have some strong strategies to move that up to the TV scale. We're working closely with them and do have some revenue from that. A movement OLED would be very, very positive for Applied Materials. There are more layers, more very critical layers, which we benefit from, as well as potentially achieving gains with our PVD -- our PiVot PVD system. But I think these are still in the early days of testing, whether this technology really can be cost-effective in the TV market and offer enough differentiation to attract buyers. So we'll see, but I would say right now one of the reasons we're still quite focused on our OpEx spending in display is because, not only are customers investing in OLED, they're also investing in the new kind of metal oxide transistor, which we're also working closely with them to improve the performance of their TVs. There's other things going on as well, but those 2 things are very, very key to ensure that we maintain and increase our position in that market.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, I think the biggest thing for us is to stay focused on our customers and on the products that we're delivering to those customers. As you know, our prices have dropped by 40% or so in 2011 and a lot more than that over the last 3 years and it's done that because we've -- and our customers have stayed focused on investing in new technology, improving efficiency and productivity and manufacturing and driving up the scale. So our both hope and desire is that the industry can continue its development and growth without any interruption.
Michael R. Splinter: Well, I think, you're right in the sense there hasn't been a doubling of demand but -- and demand's up 25% this year. We, as we said, estimate it will be up 10% to 30%. Again, as you know, most of the overall demand is driven by government incentives, and in many countries, there are limits to how much governments are willing to spend on or allocate to these markets. We think the biggest growth is going to be in China and in the U.S. and Japan in this next year. China's feed-in tariff that they announced in July is already stimulating a lot of demand in China. We think that's going to probably double where it is this year. But the real tough question to answer is when does capacity get in line with that demand? And if you look at what we think applicable capacity is today, it's between 30 and 40 gigawatts. We think on the high end, next year, demand gets to 30 gigawatts of deployment. So in a market that's very seasonal where you have to have excess capacity to meet demand in certain quarters, if those 2 things would happen in the next 12 months, the alignment on capacity and demand wouldn't be too bad. So if you put those things together, you kind of have your answer.
Michael R. Splinter: Oh, absolutely. We're quite confident we can grow our AGS revenue over the next few years. We're very happy with the ability to deliver solutions to customers in Asia. This has been a focus of ours for some time. We grew that part of our business by almost 30% last year, which I think is a great accomplishment for the AGS team. Next year, we think 200-millimeter will be down actually. 200-millimeter had quite a good year in 2011. But applications for power devices, for MEMS, for analog, these kind of applications are going to continue on 200-millimeter, and I think we'll see another cycle in 200-millimeter that we'll do quite well in.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. I think you -- there's only 4, so we can -- it's pretty easy to name them. But I think we see -- we will see, with strength in the economy, some upside in NAND flash, especially if consumers start coming back more strongly in emerging markets. But I don't think that's so much a wildcard as an incremental increase. I think where there can be a wildcard is if DRAM would come back much, much more strongly since it's at such a low level today. We're expecting substantially less than $5 billion investment next year. And if we look back in history, in 2010, DRAM was about $9 billion of investment, and in years previous to that, much higher even than that. So if we were -- if there's a wildcard here, strong DRAM bounce back would probably be it. Foundry and NAND flash we would think would be more incremental and ratable back to maybe where we are in 2011.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. Well, it depends exactly what kind of memory types get implemented, but if we look both at 2 that people are talking an awful lot today, vertical NAND and then MRAM in certain configurations, these 2 are ones that we've been working on, we're working with customers on. In the vertical NAND, I would say we have some enabling technology that we think will help customers actually implement this in a few years. Epi, of course, is one of those advanced styles of Epi. But we have other unannounced products that also could be very enabling for customers there that we're working with them on. Those would be the 2 biggest ones. I think we'll see incremental capabilities in some of our oxide and high-k kind of products in those applications. In the MRAM, it's a little bit different. That's -- this will be very much a PVD story or an ALD story as you try to put down the multiple layers and then etch them. So our teams are working very hard together because the combination of these exotic materials are being able to etch them appropriately, I think is a winning combination.
Michael R. Splinter: Sure. I think Varian has very good share across the board, and everything that we're going to be doing in the next few months as we all go visit customers together and work with them is to continue to advance that. What we see is the big opportunities coming up, the most obvious opportunities are in some material modification applications where we think we can increase the number of implants to help improve patterning, line edge roughness and the like and really play a much stronger role particularly in the foundry area.
Michael R. Splinter: If metal oxide transistors come into play, it will be a positive for Applied Materials. At a minimum, we think we would get one more application layer for that technology transition. Still, we think it's a little early. People are -- have to solve a lot of technical problems, but we're working closely with them, particularly to ensure that the defect levels and the mobility levels of these new transistors really meet expectations and deliver viewer improvements, because that's really what's needed for the adoption to take place.
Michael R. Splinter: Okay. So on LTPS, it would be the most positive for us. So it, nominally, let's say LTPS would be up 20% for us, metal oxide is kind of in the middle at 10%. And if he called amorphous 1.0. And you didn't ask me about OLED. So -- that would -- OLED would be up more.
