Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Applied's second quarter of fiscal 2021 earnings call. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ. Information concerning the risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. Today's call also includes non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are found in today's earnings press release and in our quarterly earnings materials, which are available on the IR page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. Before we begin, I have a calendar announcement. We plan to host another Master Class this time on Logic technology on the June 16th at 9:00 AM Pacific Time. We hope you'll join us. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks Dan. Now to help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question on today's call. If you have a second question please just requeue and we'll do our best to come back to you later in the session. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great, operator. So I think we're at the end of the hour. So Dan would you like to help us close off the call.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. Thanks Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of our call will be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific Time. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, John. This is Dan. I'll jump in on this one. So what we're seeing from our own business. We talked about it in the prepared comments, we see a market that's up strong from a year-over-year standpoint, high $70 billion probably puts us up high 20%, 27.8%, 29% versus where we were last year and that's off of a baseline of $61.2 billion. What I would say is, we're planning for our business to be up second half over first half and we're also planning for our business to be up as we look into 2022. And as I look at it by reporting segment, I would say, all three of our segments are up half over half and then all three of our segments are up as we look into 2022. So I can't comment for everybody. What I would say is, is we've been very aggressive in terms of managing this upward gradient of the industry. We started it several quarters ago, three, four quarters ago, you can see an uptick from an investment standpoint to make sure that we've got the infrastructure and capacity and capability. And that's not only investments from our physical infrastructure, but also working with our supply partners to make sure that we can fully satisfy all the demand that we see from our customers based on the great innovation that we're delivering to market. So we feel good about how we're positioned to outperform in this environment. And as we look forward into the back half of the year and 2022, we're planning for our business to be up.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, C.J. Let me jump in on this one again and you get a lot embedded in there and let me try to unpack it. And if I miss something, please follow up and let me know what else I can shed some color on. So the first part of the question, second half over first half, that's both fiscal year and calendar year, and again, we're planning on being up as we look into 2022. So we've got a market that's showing signs of strength. The first half of the calendar year, when you take a look at our actual results plus our guide, our systems business is up 50% year-over-year. So we feel good about how we're positioned against this opportunity to outperform and second half over first half being up both on a fiscal and calendar year basis. When I look at our silicon business and the performance of it, what I would say is, is as a company, gross margin for our company is up 310 basis points year-over-year. The company has got a lot of work on driving productivity gains, operating discipline, efficiency into the core of our operations. We're adopting digital capabilities inside the four walls of our company to make sure we are far more agile as a company to respond to upward and downward gradients. And there's more work to do, we'll never be satisfied with where we are, but we've got a whole host of initiatives at work to help this company become more efficient over time and you see that the profiling into the results of the company. As an overall company, you see our operating margin up 700 basis points year-over-year. From a semi system standpoint, the margins will always be influenced to a certain extent by customer mix, product mix, factory loadings. But I think you can see on both an absolute and relative basis, this is a company that's performing very, very strong right now and I would expect us to continue a trajectory of strong performance as they go forward. And so I guess, the last thing I would say, it all starts with innovation, your ability to drive economic value accretion for your investors starts with innovation. We've got the industry's broadest portfolio of industry-leading technologies. And at our Investor Meeting, we talked about combining them in unique ways to solve really high-value problems for our customers in a way that's incredibly valuable to their roadmaps, delivery of those roadmaps from a time perspective that they can make their customer successful. So we'll continue to drive the industry's best technology, we'll drive efficiency and operating discipline while we do that and we think we've got an opportunity to create significant value over time for our investors.
Dan Durn: Yes. Hi, Stacy. Thanks for the question. So I guess the best way to start the conversation. Let's talk about 2020 and then use that as a jumping-off point for what we saw in calendar Q1, our fiscal Q2 and then what we expect for the rest of the year. So in 2020, we talked about an overall WFE market that was up high-teens. I would say, the DRAM market was pretty much in line with that may be a little better than that. Against that opportunity, our DRAM business was up over 27%, almost 28% last year and significantly outperformed others in the industry that were up a few percent and down a few percent. So we had a really strong showing in 2020. And if you recall, three months ago on last quarter's call, we had signaled that the profile around the DRAM market, we view it as significantly back half loaded. So we expect off of calendar Q1, our fiscal Q2, momentum in that business to significantly pick up as our customers add bit supply to be more in line with that demand. And so we see that market playing out roughly in line with our expectations and how calendar Q1 played out. I would say, is pretty much in line with how we viewed the market three months ago, probably six months ago and it's playing out as expected. We see DRAM as a back half-loaded market this year.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, Vivek. I appreciate the question. Here is our point of view on this. What we see is we are in the very early innings of a multi-year secular growth trend around this industry. And I think we've been talking about it for a couple of years and now we see it really hitting its stride. When we think about the general consensus from third-party research, you're right about a trillion dollars of semiconductor revenues by 2030. The demand driving that is broad-based, you're seeing a hand-off from consumer-oriented devices to something that's far larger and more substantive around this fourth wave of compute, the data economy. By 2025, machines will generate 99% of the data, humans will generate 1%. You're seeing a decoupling of semiconductor demand for the first time in the industry's history from population and population growth in consumer behavior, content is increasing across devices, servers, autos, handsets. So what we see are strong secular growth drivers and we're in the early innings of that playing out. And I would say that that is more of what is driving our end markets today than anything else. And so when I look at that backdrop combined with things like an upper bias over time of capital intensity. I think the opportunity for our markets going forward is quite attractive and given what we talked about with the new playbook at our Investor Meeting, our opportunity to outperform as we drive those key inflections with our customers, our opportunity to outperform against that multiple-year secular growth tailwind around this industry, we think is quite substantial.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks Toshiya. Here's our perspective on NAND. If we were to go back three months to last quarter, we said that NAND was the one segment that was first half weighted versus second half. In the subsequent three months, that brings us to today, I would say, our perspective on NAND, it's strengthened a little bit but of the three segments, we've seen foundry, logic strengthen quite a bit, DRAM strengthened quite a bit and NAND strengthened a little bit. And while foundry, logic and NAND, we view as second-half weighted from a segment standpoint, I think there's a question mark on NAND where we sit today, is it first half weighted or second-half weighted? It's too early to tell and so we got out of the gate very strong in calendar Q1 on NAND. So we expect the growth rate to moderate quite a bit as we go throughout the year. And from a first half-second half weighting again, I think it's too early to call. When I take a step back and I think about the combination of 2021 plus 2022, what I would shape from an expectation standpoint around 2021. Foundry logic is greater than 55%, NAND is less than 45%, I'm sorry, foundry logic is greater than 55%, memory less than 45%. I think that construct still holds in 2022. As we think about a market that's up high 20% range in the current year, we think about foundry logic significantly outgrowing the industry average, DRAM being in line plus or minus with the industry average, NAND growing but significantly below the industry average. I think all three of those markets are strong levels of spend next year and we have an upward trajectory on the overall industry, but I think it's too early to shape expectations by device type. Let's some more time elapse, let's crystallize the contours of the industry this year and assess how our customers are going to invest to drive even higher returns for their investors in a few quarters. I think we'll have more to say in a few quarters from now.
Dan Durn: Hi, Atif. Let me take a crack at this. So I think the display industry this year is going to play out very much in line with our expectations from our business perspective. We're well penetrated in the segments we participate in, we've got a good read on the market and we see our business in calendar or in fiscal 2021 being very similar to fiscal 2020. We talked about the environmental's strengthening, we still see older generation capacity coming out of the LCD market, we see increased consumer demand, a combination of that is leading to increased panel pricing, spot pricing in the panel market is going up and that's leading to increased profitability. So there's goodness there. We continue to see average area size increase. OLED screens are continuing to penetrate 5G handsets and OLED penetration of handsets in general is on an upward trajectory. The next leg of OLED growth into the IT market and the TV market and foldable phones becoming more widely-adopted from a consumer standpoint, all of that is intact. So we see an increase in the levels of investment as we go into next year, we feel good about that. The other thing I'd offer here is, we talked about an investment profile and our products to deepen our moats around our market position and get our product portfolio ready for the next leg up from an OLED investment standpoint. Exiting the year, the vast majority of those investments will be in the rear-view mirror and you're going to see us start to reposition this business for enhanced cash flow and profitability. We'll get into the low 20%s and then by 2023 and 2024, we'll be consistently operating this business with an operating margin between 25% and 30%. So we feel good about market development revenue growth as we look into 2022 and then complementing that with an enhanced level of profitability to drive value for investors.
Dan Durn: Thanks Harlan. Let me jump in and see if Gary wants to offer additional color after I take a crack at this. So we saw this trend towards more robust spending from a trailing node geometry, a specialty node geometry several years ago, we reorganized the organization, we've got leadership, driving this group and the company is performing incredibly well against this opportunity. We talked about this segment of our business being greater than $3 billion. We don't want to be more specific than that for competitive reasons, but it's much greater than $3 billion, but we'll just leave it at greater than $3 billion for now. Company has got great technology, great leadership positions. And then from a margin structure standpoint, it's accretive to the overall company margin and so as this business continues to grow for us and we'd be - continue to outperform. We think it's going to be value accretive for our investors. And so we feel good about how we're positioned and our ability to drive this market. Like we talked about, we're planning for our business to be up second half over first half. We've got an ability to continue to drive output and delivery of technology to customers. So we feel good about how we're positioned in this market as a key enabler of our customers to be able to satisfy their customers. So again, we saw this trend early and it's going to be a really value accretive part of our business, nice piece of our business going forward.
Dan Durn: Yes, thanks, Quinn. As we look at our China business, it was a strong performance in the most recent quarter, but it's in line generally with the historical profile of that business over time, some quarters will be a little better than others, but certainly in line with the historical profile on a percent of our overall business. As I take a look and double click at the China domestic market and think about the levels of investment there, I would say, that there is slow steady development of the ecosystem. I see investments from a 200-millimeter and 300-millimeter standpoint. And then within the 300-millimeter geometries, we see investments across all device types, we see NAND, we see DRAM, we see foundry logic. So I wouldn't say it's driven by one specific market, one specific customer. It's really broad-based both from a customer perspective as well as a market perspective. We feel good about how we're positioned against this opportunity and we'll do well over time as that business continues to grow.
Dan Durn: Yes. So Tim, thanks for the question. I think it's important to really get the facts on the table for 2020. If you look at our semi systems business in calendar 2020, it's up 26.5% against the market that was up high teens and so significant outperformance, we view it as gaining 60 basis points of share, so we ended 2020 at 20.5% WFE share. And so your reference to 21.5% share in 2021, we think we're going to significantly outperform this year. You saw us grow almost two to one in foundry logic last year, you saw us significantly outperform peers in 2020 in the DRAM market and we showed strength in our NAND business. And when I look at the customers, node over node whether it's memory or foundry logic, our opportunity is going up. When I look at the end-market profile, we talked about its strength in foundry logic, DRAM, strong business in NAND. So we feel good about the market perspective. And then when I look at the product portfolio, we showed share gains and deposition and removal and process control, Gary talked about packaging, we talked about 240 basis points of conductor etch, 220 basis points of CVD, we talked about strength in PVD, Epi, thermals. 2021, I would expect to do even better across that product portfolio. We talked about the new PPACt playbook, we talked a lot about the enabling technologies at our Investor Meeting, we've held one Masterclass, we've got an upcoming Masterclass on foundry logic. We see these inflections is real. We've got the industry's broadest portfolio of industry-leading technologies and we've got unique abilities to combine those technologies and bring them together in a way to solve our customers highest value problems. And so we feel good about our position, our momentum and our ability to outperform in these markets. And so from a - I'm sorry, Tim, your second question.
Dan Durn: Yes. So what we said on the last earnings call as we see it up several billion on a year-over-year basis. And as more of the year progresses, I think what we see is domestic China maybe profiling in line with the overall WFE markets and we'll keep an eye on it and we'll keep updating each and every quarter, but we kind of see it up in line with the overall market.
Dan Durn: Yes. Sure, Mike. Thanks. So what I'm really struck by this quarter. It's just a broad validation of the trends. We've been talking about for quite some time from the data economy and the opportunity that it creates for the semi-industry and that's at virtually every node to the challenges that Gary talked about with 2D scaling. The industry just needs new ways to deliver the PPACt roadmap. Our customers are committed to very large multi-year investments, but they're also coming at it from a position of financial strength, which is really great and bodes well for the industry long-term. We're going to fully support them with the R&D investments that we make, that'll drive the roadmap, solve our customers highest value problems. We're going to generate profitable growth and we're going to return a lot of cash to shareholders over time. Gary and I hope to see many of you at the Virtual conferences in the next few weeks. And then, I hope you'll join us and our technical leaders on the Logic Masterclass that we're going to have on June 16. Mike let's go ahead and wrap up the call.
Gary Dickerson: Stacy, maybe I can add. This is Gary. Relative to the major inflections in DRAM, certainly high-speed DRAM, they're going to logic like structures in the periphery where Applied has leadership, I think we talked about that in our Memory Masterclass, couple of billion-dollar opportunity as those inflections are being adopted, capacitor scaling is another one where Applied has real strength, new patterning applications. So as Dan said, we had really great performance last year and as our customers are moving to these new structures, DRAM structures, we anticipate that we'll continue to outperform.
Gary Dickerson: Let me just add that certainly today we hear a lot about supply chain issues from an automotive perspective, but really we're - as Dan said and as we talked about in our Investor Meeting, we're in the early innings of every industry being transformed and the fundamental nature of competition being completely different. So semiconductor content is going to be at the foundation of that infrastructure. Certainly, the way we work, the way we learn, the way we shop, transportation, healthcare, today we're talking about automotive but content is going to increase more, I believe, than what anyone can see today and it's really about who delivers power performance and cost faster than others and enabling that infrastructure that is the basis of competition of every single industry. So and then from an Applied standpoint, as we've talked about classic 2D Moore's Law really ended a few years ago. And the foundation for the ships from the edge, the trillion edge devices to the high-speed computing in the data center is really about new materials, new structures, new ways to connect chips together, new architectures and new ways to shrink and Applied is just in a really tremendous position when you think about, again the basis of enabling a competitive advantage, time-to-market on all of that is incredibly important for the entire global economy, and certainly from a country standpoint, countries are starting to recognize the importance of semiconductors as a foundation for competition. So, definitely, we see this as a secular change and I really do believe people don't understand the magnitude of this yet.
Gary Dickerson: Thanks for the question. So all of our customers are focused, as I said earlier, to deliver lower power, higher performance and better cost ahead of others. And we talked in the Investor Meeting about wiring innovations we're driving, improving wiring 50% and gate all around that's another very important technology if you look at the overall ecosystem. So that opportunity, I think we've estimated around $1 billion incremental opportunity and you think about the key enabling technologies certainly epitaxial deposition and selective removal are very important. We're working with every one of the leading customers on gate all around technologies. The other thing, I would say, that's important is our - and there are a number of other technologies where we have very strong positions, leadership position, so that will all ramp when gate all around goes into high volume manufacturing. But time to market is also important, the T of the PPACt and our e-beam technology leadership is really fundamental whether it's in the transistor, the wiring, the Draco, in memory or any of these different innovations, it's really mapping out and fingerprinting those processes because they're so complex with so many different variables and then being able to tune those recipes and the process knobs as fast as possible. So gate all around certainly is one of those cases where seeing things like residual germanium or seeing in those structures incredibly important and having enough of a picture across the chip whether you have isolated or dense structures across the wafer. But that's speed in the learning rate is very fundamental. So we have leadership in some of these foundational technologies for gate all around, but also our leadership in e-beam is really important for gate all around and other key inflections in the industry.
Gary Dickerson: Well, thanks for the question, Patrick. So maybe first let me start with our top level PDC business and then I'll get into this optical e-beam question. So really there is two major focus as far our PDC business. Certainly, this is a growth opportunity, but also what is increasingly important is PDC accelerating billions of dollars of Applied-enabled PPACt inflections. I talked about earlier gate all around in the wiring, in the memory and all of these different areas, and we have the highest resolution e-beam platform in the industry, we're probably 50% higher resolution. So we can see things that other platforms cannot see. We also have an advantage and the speed of imaging. So mapping out these fingerprints to dial-in these processes faster with bigger process margins that synergy Applied is the only company in the industry that has that combination of the unit processes, integrated material solutions and leading e-beam technology. So that is strategically important, and I think that really we see a great opportunity to accelerate our PDC revenue going forward. We talked about 50% growth this year on the top of 25% last year, but also that pull in the synergy with the rest of Applied Materials is incredibly valuable and very important. Relative to optical inspection, we did introduce this new platform the Enlight. We see very strong pull and adoption especially in leading foundry. And the combination of these technologies, basically you have optical inspection system that is incredibly cost-effective for line monitoring types of applications and certainly in the discussions that I have with many of the R&D leaders, tremendous pull for that technology but also combining that with industry-leading resolution to accurately classify defect and then having that capability to combine with AI gives customers a better overall performance in finding yield limiting defects. So we're seeing definitely strong adoption of this concept with customers, but the key thing for me really is the e-beam leadership that is fundamental, where more than five times larger than our overall largest PDC competitor. We have clear imaging leadership, we will be introducing a new imaging technologies that will further strengthen our leadership in that part of our - in that part of PDC and the synergy in the T for PPACt is very, very, very important.
Gary Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question, Pierre. So for me, I spend a lot of my time with customers across our entire or all the different market segments. The leading customers, ICAPs I spent a tremendous amount of time there more than ever. And I have a very strong perspective and we can see things that we can't talk about publicly relative to where customers are going, but I really believe that we're at the point where we have the biggest economic competition of our lifetime with technology transforming every industry and semiconductors are part of that key-infrastructure, the data economy going forward and it really is about power, performance and cost from the edge to the cloud and everything in between. And I do believe it and we can see it when you go from 5 to 3, 3 to 2 and what's going beyond that that the playbook that we discussed before and you even see customers supporting this view that the classic 2D Moore's Law will not enable the future infrastructure. I think that is crystal clear and it really is, certainly there is going to be shrink as part of that 2D shrink, but that's not going to enable power and performance across the whole infrastructure for the future. So it's about the new materials, it's about the new structures, the gate all around, 50% reduction in wiring, high-speed memory for a number of different applications, we're adding logic to the periphery, shaping the chip architectures in a very different way. And the other thing and we talked about - I talked about this earlier on the call, packaging is, I think, underappreciated and very important. This year packaging will be over $800 million for us and you think about connecting chips or chiplets or IP blocks that is going to be an enormous opportunity going forward and Applied is in a great position. We have very strong products in PVD, CVD, CMP, plating, this new hybrid bonding technology where you can bond two chips together. We're the only company in the industry that has a full flow advanced packaging lab. So Pierre, I think there is going to be tremendous innovation that's happening there and again, that's another segment of the industry where I think people under-appreciate how important from a competitive standpoint and in a PPACt enabling standpoint that's going to be. So again, those are the things that that we see as we go forward. It's really about those five elements of the new playbook and the other aspect is time to market, that's where we're focused with AIx and especially our industry leadership in e-beam to drive the T.
