Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Mike Sullivan, Head of Investor Relations at Applied Materials. We appreciate you joining us for our fourth quarter and fiscal year-end earnings call, which is being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO; and Dan Durn, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-Q and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections, and assumptions as of November 16, 2017, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. Now to help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question at this time. If you have an additional question later, please poll the operator and we'll do our best to answer it later in the call. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Dan. And we'd like to thank everybody for joining us today. A replay of our call is going to be available on our website by 5:00 PM Pacific Time. And we'd like to thank everybody for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, C. J. The company has made great progress over the last four years on margins. From a gross margin standpoint, the company has added about 1 point per year over that time period. If you looked at our operating margins, since 2013, we've added over 14 points to our operating margins. The company is performing and executing incredibly well. If we look at the way the company is compressing discretionary spend and funneling more resources to R&D, it's what's leading to the rapid organic growth that the company is delivering. Gary is incredibly focused, inflection-driven organic grower and we're going to continue to execute against that strategy. So company has made good progress historically, will continue to make progress. You'll see operating leverage in the model going forward, and we're going to be looking for additional opportunities to improve margins beyond the target model and beyond the guidance that we gave on both the gross margin and operating margin lines. And we'll deliver that to shareholders when we find those opportunities to execute on. So, we're really confident and we've done a great job historically and we'll continue to execute well.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Atif. This is Dan. Let me jump in. 2017 was a record year for the industry. At our Analyst Day, we said 2017, 2018 combined would be $90 billion. Gary, in his prepared comments, said several billion more than that, and we see the fundamentals into 2019 being strong as well. As we take a look at what's driving this level of activity, I'd put it into three buckets. First, demand drivers; second, capital intensity; third, our customers are very healthy. From a demand drivers standpoint, we're layering in additional layers of end-market demand, things like artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, big data, autonomous driving. We still have significant content gains to go in the handset and we're seeing significant demand for solid state drives. So, as we look across the industry, the demand drivers are multiple and broad-based. And as we take a look at how that translates to activity within our industry, each of the device types is showing strength. Capital intensity is up across the industry. In foundry, it's up 100% over the last handful of years. And in that same time period, NAND is up 60% and DRAM is up 40%. And customers, they're investing a lot, but they're making a lot of money. The level of investment, as a percentage of their profitability, EBITDA, is down over the last five years in memory, it's down 40%; in foundry and logic, it's down 50%. So, the ecosystem customers are healthy and will continue to invest and generate returns on that investment. As we look at the industry and where we're at, at the very highest level, I would say there is strong balance between foundry logic and memory, with maybe a slight weighting towards memory. And within memory, we see NAND about two-thirds of that market and DRAM about a third. In foundry logic, we see foundry about two-thirds and logic about one-third. And in 2018, we see that same or similar profile that we're seeing in 2017. So, we think that the upside is broad-based. We see NAND up, we see logic up, we see foundry strong, we see DRAM strong. So, we're pretty happy with the fundamentals through 2018 and into 2019.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Toshiya. Yeah. So, I would look at the scale of the business getting larger, the continual improvements. We put out a target for this business of being high-20s, and that's what I would look to longer-term out of this business. I think you'll see it profiled differently into Q1 and get stronger throughout next year. But the way to think about this business is high-20s operating margin. We'll obviously look for opportunities to do better, but I think that's the right place to look at.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Krish. From the NAND supply demand standpoint, I think we see bit demand growing 40% in 2017, we see it higher into 2018. As you take a look at the capacity adds, today, we've got 1.6 million wafer starts per month of installed capacity, half of that is converted to 3D NAND. We still have half of that installed base to go to convert. And so, we see maybe 1.8 million to 2 million wafer starts per month in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. So that market looks demand-led and healthy as well. We see lot of room to go for solid-state drives. We are in the very early innings of penetration of solid-state drives. Handsets still have lots of content gains to go. As you take a look at the 3D roadmaps going forward, 48 layers, 64 layers, all the way up to 144 layers, the roadmap extends beyond several generations. And incremental NAND bit growth in the era of 3D NAND is more challenging. So, all of this comes together to give us confidence that we've got a balanced market, opportunity is there, and see demand in this market being fairly elastic. So, we feel really good about what we see. From a capital allocation dividend perspective, so this company has had a long history and tradition of returning excess cash to shareholders. In the last five years, it's been 82%. In the last three years, it's been 89%. And we're going to continue to return cash to shareholders. As you take a look at the tax structure and the proportion of cash that gets generated overseas versus onshore, there is a structural impediment to us being more aggressive from a dividend perspective in the near-term, but this is something that gets a lot of – we're spending a lot of time discussing this and we're watching tax policy out of Washington very closely. And when we get clarity on tax policy, then we'll be able to determine what the right long-term proportion of dividend versus share repurchase is, so that where we continue to return cash to shareholders in the most efficient optimal way possible to drive value for shareholders.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Romit. I think we'll stand by our model that we put forward at our Analyst Day in 2020. We'll update that model at our next Analyst Day to the extent there will be new news. And in the meantime, the company is going to be hyper-focused on driving strong execution going forward, continuing to look for every opportunity we can to squeeze profitability out of this company and drive value for shareholders. We're off to a good start. If we were to take the current 2017 mix and apply it to the cost structure in 2017 – I mean, I'm sorry, the cost structure in 2020, the 47% target gross margin would be over 48%. So, the progress that we're making as a company, to some extent, will be masked as display and services outgrows our semi business. But we like having multiple drivers of growth. We like our breadth, and it just gives us more opportunities to impact this industry in a really positive way, creating value for shareholders.
Daniel Durn: So, DRAM, we see about 25% bit growth from a supply perspective. And I would say about 40% to 45% from a NAND perspective.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Joe. I think when we look at what makes the industry healthy where it is today, again, it's diversity of demand drivers, supporting macro trends that are going to unlock significant economic value. Capital intensity is up across the board, customers are investing. But again, they're healthy and profitable. And the industry never went to 450-millimeter wafers. And so for a variety of reasons, we feel very, very good about where we sit. Is there opportunity for upside of this levels, if I had to take an over/under on WFE, I'd say over right now. But it's probably premature to see that. And again, we see the market being demand-led. And when you take a look at things like bid output per dollar invested, that growth is slower. And so, it just accrues benefit to companies that are in our business, and Applied is better positioned than any to capitalize on it.
Daniel Durn: So, when we look at OpEx, again, the company's done a great job investing for growth. Almost all of the OpEx that you see, virtually all of it, is to support R&D programs that drive growth and continue to build out our field force, as we bring new innovative products to market, engage with our customers and drive the right kind of outcomes for the customers. So, it's clearly to support growth, new inflections and building up the field force to bring innovative products to market. As we think about the profile throughout the year, I think you could see, we're going to be up into Q2, and then a little bit into the back-half of the year and flat for the back-half of the year. So, you'll see that grow a little bit throughout the year.
Daniel Durn: Thanks, Sidney. Again, as we look at 2017, shaping up to be a record year for this industry, as we look at how we are going to close out the calendar year, in November and December, we see significant strength in our business rounding out the calendar year. As we look at the slope throughout 2018, we're confident and encouraged by what we see strength throughout the year. And the fundamentals, again, look good into 2019. So, we feel really good about where we sit and how things are going to profile. From a foundry perspective, we do see the 7-nanometer node being on par with 28-nanometer. Our estimation, given the spend that we see on the lagging edge, is 28-nanometer is still going to grow. Initially, we thought it was going to land around 320,000 wafer starts per month. But we do see that growing. And when you combine that with 22-nanometer optical shrinks off of 28-nanometer, you're going to get something that tips over 400,000 wafer starts per month. And when you look at 10-nanometer, 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer, we see something that's going to be on par with what we just said. How it gets profiled, we think 7-nanometer is going to be large, and we also think 5-nanometer is going to be large as well. So when we look at foundry being strong on a go-forward basis, we really like what we see in terms of up-tick in demand and the diversification of those demand drivers.
Daniel Durn: Yeah. Thanks Mike. If I could – I want to say that this is incredible exciting time for me, our company and the industry as a whole. Applied is a unique position and our breadth sets us apart. It allows us to drive the most inflections and it generate the most growth opportunities. The company is executing extremely well. We're delivering record performance. But we're not going to be satisfied. We're not going to rest on what we did last quarter or last year. We're going to be relentlessly focused at driving execution. We're going to continue to make smart R&D investments to drive our organic growth. We're going to continuously improve our operations. We're going to look for more ways to increase gross margins, deliver more value to our shareholders and we're going to continually drive spend discipline throughout all levels of this company. This execution is delivering great momentum for us. We're ending the year with record backlog and record orders in the year. We're going to expect double-digit growth across all of our businesses going into 2018. Personally, I look forward to seeing many of you, Credit Suisse, in a week-and-a-half, at CES to start the New Year. And I guess, lastly, for those of you who call Boston home, please make sure you give a warm Boston welcome to our friends from the Golden State when they rolled into town tonight for what is going to be an amazing game. With that, I wanted to thank you for joining us today and giving us your support. Thank you.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah. One other thing, C. J., I would add, as Dan talked about on the call, we're off to a great start. So, if you look at the model we talked about just a couple of months ago, and the data that we provided in the call today, we're going to be well along the way towards that financial model for 2020. Certainly, we're not going to update anything this soon, but we're off to a really great start.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, I'll answer the question on display. Basically, two big drivers for display. One is TVs and the other is mobile OLED. In the large screen televisions, we have 13 factories that we're tracking that are Gen 10.5. And a data point for that is, if you're building 65-inch television with Gen 10.5, large panels, you can get eight TVs; if you're building then with Gen 8.5, you get three. So, as the consumers are going to larger screens, there is a compelling value proposition to move to Gen 10.5. So that's driving part of the market. And then of course, for smartphones, OLED is a big factor. And what we see through 2020 in mobile OLED, with the investment that's being made, you'll be able to build about 50%, right around 50% of smartphones with OLED screens in that timeframe. So those are the two drivers; large screen televisions and mobile OLEDs. The mix relative to revenue, 2017 is more weighted to mobile versus TV. The mix in 2018 is pretty balanced between TV and mobile. But, again, both cases, we see these as multiyear drivers for display. And as we mention in the prepared remarks, we have a long lead times for display, and we see display healthy 2018 and 2019. The other thing I'd mention about display is, it is unique for Applied Materials; in expanding our materials innovation into this market, the complexities increasing and it really has been a great growth driver for the company.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thanks, Harlan. I think the short answer is yes, we still see a very disciplined market. We've got healthy customers, and the market is being demand-led. We see about 25% bit demand growth, and we see a very disciplined add of incremental bit capacity to match that bit demand growth. So, we see overall a very healthy market. We see the market being demand-led, customers are healthy, making money, so we're encouraged by what we see. I think the news this year for us, the interesting news, is we increasingly see in the memory market adoption of power and performance capabilities in the memory devices, and we see it in both DRAM and NAND, which means our leadership businesses, as I said my prepared comments, are showing strong growth into the memory market going forward, higher input/output feeds. And the logic periphery that sits around memory cells and DRAM are increasingly adopting logic-like power and performance capabilities. So, we're really encouraged by what we see in this market.
Gary E. Dickerson: Yeah, maybe let me add something on kind of where we're at. We went from PC enterprise – everybody has long memories of waiting for the operating system upgrades – to mobile and social media, pervasive demand, annual war every holiday season for all of the consumer electronics products. And now we're moving into this AI big data era. And many people talk about their opportunities to create trillions of dollars of economic value, transforming transportation, health care, many major industries. So if you look at what's happened over the last couple of years, the components of that are data generation, data storage and compute. So, data generation, you have all of these smart devices and sensors that are growing very fast. And over the last period of time here, you now have foundry, 40% of foundry spending is in the trailing geometries. And all of these smart devices are continuing to grow, and there's tremendous economic value that's created there. So that's one driver that wasn't there in the past. Then all of this data is going up at a very high rate. We showed at the Investor Meeting that memory shipments are tracking data generation, and as Dan talked about, memory has never been healthier in terms of overall profitability. There's a tremendous increase in data, capturing all of that information. And then to really transform those industries, trillions of dollars of economic value, you have to process the data. And at the Investor Meeting, we talked about oil powering the industrial revolution, data powering the AI, big data revolution. And so, again, you have the trailing geometries, you have the leading geometries and the war for the AI architectures on high-performance computing. You have drivers on the memory, the data storage and the cross-over for solid-state drives. So a number of different things that are new drivers. The other thing I would add, it's – some small incremental add is China. We talked about China being up in 2018 in the wafer fab equipment spending by about $2 billion. And what we see is that we believe that that investment will continue to go higher in China, not step function change, but incrementally higher going forward in the future. So, you have all of those drivers kind of underpinning where we're at right now. And certainly, we were able to talk about 2018 double-digit growth across all of our different businesses, because we have better visibility to customers and all of those drivers and all of their projects. So that also gives us increased confidence.
Gary E. Dickerson: So, I think over the last several years, we've been growing service contracts net over 1,000 (48:47) per year. And as we talked about, the revenue opportunity for us is dramatically higher when we have the service contracts versus no service contracts. So there was a big change in strategy around 2013. And since then, the service contract growth has been pretty significant. So, if you look at what's happening with customers, they're ramping many of these new devices. 3D NAND going to 64 layers and 96 layers, and in the future, they'll be ramping 1Z (49:21) DRAM and 7-nanometer in foundry and logic. These technology nodes are very difficult. And we've reorganized service, so we're focused on being able to support our customers in accelerating yield, output and cost. And we have tremendous traction for customers. It's worth a lot of money for them to optimize those big investments they're making in their fabs. We've made changes within the organization, so that we're accelerating those new service products and we have very high confidence that we're going to continue to drive the service around a 15% rate. In the last year, as we mentioned, it's been faster than that. But the number that we discussed at the Investor Meeting, we still have high confidence in is around 15% in terms of the compound annual growth rate.
Gary E. Dickerson: Thank you, Patrick. So, if you look – if you include this year, over the last six years, we've gained share five out of the last six years and we were flat one year. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we are anticipating double-digit – strong double-digit growth in both our leadership and high-growth semiconductor businesses. So, pretty broad-based. We have very good momentum in memory. We've gained several points of market share in memory over the last several years. Dan talked about the significant growth that we've had, not only in the high-growth semi, but in the leadership products where we have extremely high market shares, we've grown in the last few years about $1.5 billion, I think is the number, in additional revenue growth. And we see, as Dan talked about, in memory, moving to more logic-like structure. So, all of those leadership products where we have very, very high share in foundry and logic, we're growing significantly our share in memory also. So, that gives us a one driver. In patterning, we also have gained significant share over the last five years. We've gained about 19 points of share in patterning. And what we showed at the Investor Meeting was another $1 billion growth over the next four years in patterning. And we have, again, tremendous momentum there. In foundry, as this war for AI leadership is happening, we are creating the materials that enable power and performance. It's a very unique position. And that is leveraging all of our leadership businesses, all of those areas where we have externally high share. The power and performance for high-performance computing is coming from Applied Materials. And in China, we talked about $2 billion in growth in China. We have very high share in China. We will outgrow that market growth. It's going to be a fair amount of growth. I don't want to give a specific number, but it's a significant amount of growth for us in China in 2018. And then the last thing I would say that we're really driving that a bigger emphasis in the company is around connectivity. It's worth a lot of money, it's worth a lot money for our customers to accelerate a new device to market. If you can bring a winning AI chip to market six months or 12 months faster, that's worth a lot of money. So, we are creating the materials that enable power and performance. We have innovative technologies and modifying materials, we're moving materials and analyzing materials. We recently made a change in the organization to better drive speed of innovation and especially connectivity across the company. We have very strong pull from our leading customers across the board, real strong pull on new materials, new innovative materials. And we're the only place where you can work all of that at the same time. So, this focus on connectivity is stronger than we've ever had at Applied, and the pull from customers for connectivity is also very strong. Again, if I can accelerate a chip to market by 12 months, it's worth a tremendous amount of money. We've put a tremendous amount of talent into that organization and that's another driver in terms of our business going forward.
Gary E. Dickerson: Okay. Thank you for the question. And again, what we're seeing is, if you look at the data generation, already, we see a big impact in terms of wafer fab equipment spending in sensors, in those trailing-edge geometries, smart everything. We see about 40% of foundry spending coming from those sources, and we think that's going to continue. And then the increase in data, again, you have to capture the data before you can process it and create the value, we're certainly seeing tremendous increase in data that's driving a healthier memory business than we've ever seen. And for the high-performance computing, the key thing about Applied Materials is that we create the materials that enable high-performance computing. Our leadership business, if you look at EPI and PVD and implant and the advanced annealing processes, all of those areas we have very, very high market share. So, the pull that we have with customers is tremendous. The visibility that we have around those structures for 7-nanometers, for 5-nanometers is very unique in that we have that's we are creating those materials. So the pull for us is very, very strong. And the architecture war that's happening in AI isn't over. There is a lot of companies that are designing specific AI chips for different kinds of applications. So there's a tremendous amount of activity there. And we think that that will ramp a significant amount over time.
