Michael Sullivan: Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Mike Sullivan, Head of investor Relations at Applied Materials. We appreciate you joining us for our first quarter of fiscal 2017 earnings conference call, which is being recorded. Joining me are Gary Dickerson, our President and CEO, and Bob Halliday, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, let me remind you that today's call contains forward-looking statements, including Applied's current view of its industries, performance, products, share positions, revenue growth, profitability, and business outlook. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and are not guarantees of future performance. Information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Applied's most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings with the SEC. All forward-looking statements are based on management's estimates, projections, and assumptions as of February 15, 2017, and Applied assumes no obligation to update them. Today's call also includes non-GAAP adjusted financial measures. Reconciliations to GAAP measures are contained in today's earnings press release and in our reconciliation slides, which are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at appliedmaterials.com. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gary Dickerson.
Michael Sullivan: Thanks, Bob. To help us reach as many people as we can, please ask just one question at this time. If you have an additional question later, please poll the operator and we'll do our best to answer it later in the call. Operator, let's please begin.
Michael Sullivan: Great. Thanks, Craig, for the question. And, operator, I think we have time for just one more please.
Michael Sullivan: Okay, great. So thanks for that question. And then, Bob, if you'd like to, summarize it all before we close the call.
Michael Sullivan: Great, okay. Hey, thanks, Bob. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us this afternoon. A replay of our call is going to be available on the website beginning at 5:00 PM Pacific. Thank you for your continued interest in Applied Materials.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, Farhan. So let me give you some context for how we think about the year and longer term. We are really driving, Farhan, frankly achieving sustainable year-over-year growth in revenue and share of profit. That's how we think about the business and look at it. As for 2017, this will be another good year. We see WFE up 5% or more in the year. And then for our fiscal year, as I said in the call, our semiconductor revenue should grow at 4x that rate. Our services revenue should grow at 2x that rate, and our display revenue would grow at over 10x that rate. So if you look at it, we gave you actuals for Q1 and guide for Q2. Our full year should model just as I said just now. So with that, I think you get a pretty good feel for the second half of the year for us.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, I'll start, and Gary can jump in. Display continues to go up for us, frankly. In terms of the market context, when we did the Analyst Day back in September in New York, we thought that 2016 would be WFE numbers of around $14.5 billion, as I remember, and we thought the next year would be about a similar number in calendar 2017. And we're thinking now it's about $17.4 billion in 2017, so the market is up about $3 billion from where we thought. In terms of our own performance, I'll do bookings first. We booked over $2 billion in 2016. We weren't sure we could get that same volume in 2017 because some of those 2016 bookings ship through 2017 and 2018. In fact, we now think the bookings are pretty close in 2017 to what they were in 2016. What's particularly interesting for me in that bookings mix for 2017 is, if you go back to history, we used to be about 60% or so of our bookings were mobile, 65% some years, and about – 65% for TVs, 35% mobile. It kind of flipped last year. We thought we'd continue that this year. We're strong in both this year. TV has come back strong. We mentioned the Gen 10.5 fab. We see seven more of those we're tracking. So this year we think we'll book about 55% for TV, 45% mobile, so strong in both frankly. Then if you look at the revenues, which you asked about, this year we think our revenues are going to be pretty strong throughout the year. In terms of the quarterization, it's a little lumpy. Our Q3 might be a little stronger than our Q2, but pretty strong every quarter.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure, yes. So, Tim, I gave you some color on the first half/second half for us a little bit. I'll give you a little more specific to your question. I don't know that the industry is running at quite $44 billion now. And our model was to get 25.5% market share in 2019. We think we're well on track to that. I'm not sure we're at that point right now, so in terms of the mathematics, it's a little bit different. Further, what I'll say to you is that the stuff I said to you earlier would imply the first half is strong. I don't disagree with that. But what I will also tell you is that we have seen the Q3 and Q4 numbers for us firm up as we go month by month the last few months. So my take on it, 2017 is a strong year. It's going to be a particularly strong year for Applied as we gain more share and display does well for us. We also think that 2018, 2019 we see growth drivers that are really good for us and the industry the next couple years. Will the second half be as strong as the first half? I'm not sure it is, but the overall trends are positive.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll start. We're pulling up some slides to help us. So total bookings this year will be over $2 billion in display. We see a lot of the big orders out of China for TVs in particular and some for mobile. So this is the wrong slide. So the numbers are large numbers for China this year. I'd say the majority of the display stuff is probably China. China revenue, okay, so the majority of the $2 billion, my guess – I'm looking for the slide, frankly, is probably of the display bookings, probably half or more is China.
Robert J. Halliday: So your question is the book-to-bill, what's it going to stay for display, and then how much was OLED? I guess that's the question.
Robert J. Halliday: So last year we booked over $2 billion. And we billed – now remember, we moved the web business in there and the service upgrade business, and we billed about 55% of that. This year we're going to book over $2 billion, but we'll bill a higher percentage of that. It's still going to be north of one. In terms of the outlook beyond 2017 – 2018, we're continuing strong book-to-bill – continuing strong bookings, but the book-to-bill narrows. Last year it was 1.6 or 1.7 or something like that. It was a big number, so that's going to trend down over time. But it will stay positive for a while.
Robert J. Halliday: OLED was – if you look at last year, OLED booking – mobile bookings were 65% of the total. And of the mobile piece, which was 65%, the majority of that was OLED.
Robert J. Halliday: Yes, it's true. So you've got a couple questions there. You've got the China question and the OLED proliferation question. So if you look at China, as I said earlier, we sell for TV and mobile. TV is pretty big in China this year. But drilling into your question more around OLED and mobile, as we said on the call last time, I think we repeated it this time, we had orders from 10 different OLED manufacturers in the last year, predominantly in the last couple of quarters. Nine of those are for mobile phones, one was a lighting guy. So if you look at the mobile guys, it's proliferating such that beyond the number one leader in OLED, we think that in 2017 our orders for OLED mobile is going to be probably over half from the followers, not just in China though.
Robert J. Halliday: Sure. We did make nice progress on the display business. So if you go look at it, we're up significantly this year on the operating margins for display in the quarter in particular. We think the year is going to be up a fair amount year on year. We're well on track to hit the margins in the model in display FY 2019. Not every quarter is going to be exactly the same in display. My guess is Q2 may not be quite as high as Q1, but the year is going to be up significantly from last year.
Robert J. Halliday: There are a few things. I think we'll do very well against that model. That model had a few assumptions. It assumed a $34.5 billion WFE, and right now we're running a little north of that, frankly. There was a $37 billion model we showed that same day which was $3.17. And the second thing was the market environment in that model was we assumed that the display equipment spending was going to be north of the historical number of $8 billion but not necessarily up to what we realized last year, $14.5 billion. So I would say in market environment, condition number one in those models, I'm more optimistic that the environment in 2019 is north of the $34.5 billion, and I'm more optimistic that the market environment for display spending is north of what we have in our model. So the market is positively biased towards our base model last year, which was at $2.80. The second thing is the share position we had in both semi and display, and we said we'd do 25.5 points in semi and we thought we'd be in a strong position in display. We are very confident of that. We gained 2 points in 2016, up to about 22%, so we've got to get about a point a year the next three years. We'll hit those numbers I think, probably some upside. And then in display, the market, our products look good against the revenue in that plan. So I'd say that the function of share and market result in a revenue opportunity against that model. I think what pleases me as much as anything, frankly, in the results we announced today and for next quarter is the margin profile. We had in the past iteration of the model, we didn't move much on the margins. We said that the base model would be at 44.6% gross margins, and some people were a little skeptical because we hadn't moved too much. We reported today, what was it, 45.2% I guess it was 45.4% actuals, 45.4%. And then what we said about gross margins last quarter was that in fiscal 2017 we'd be up to about 44% in the year. That was a gain of 0.8 point. We now think in fiscal 2017 alone, instead of 0.8-point gain versus 2016, we're going to gain 1.5 points. So if you look at that on the model you asked about, we're probably very comfortable that we can hit the 44.6% gross margin, which is at the $34.5 billion. And the 45.1%, which is at $37 billion, we're probably pretty comfortable. And then we maintain pretty damn tight control on the operating expenses too. So if you back-calculate the guide we give for next quarter, now next quarter is a good quarter, its operating margin is north of 27%. So in the annual models we showed for 2019, we showed operating margins of about 25.1% the $34.5 billion and 26.4% in the $37 billion environment. So at the operating margin we're making progress. And then if you finally go down to the URs, we simply shrink the share count to 1.044 billion. We're confident we'll hit that. So we're not going to redo the model today. But around the market environment relative to that model, around our share position relative to the model, around our execution on gross margins, OpEx, and share count, we're pretty confident that we'll hit or potentially beat that model.
Robert J. Halliday: So what was your comparison, again, Patrick, which to which, which layer to which layer? I'll see if I can fill in. So the capital intensity for 3D NAND if you go from planar to, say, 50 layers, the total CapEx is about $3.5 billion on planar, and 48 layers it's about $5 billion for greenfield. Now I think the thing that's interesting is if we go from a planar reuse to a 50-layer or 48-layer, the total CapEx to upgrade is $2.6 billion, $3.2 billion, almost the same as the opportunity in planar at $3.5 billion. Now what's really interesting for a company like us, materials is very etch and deposition-intensive. Now what's particularly interesting for Applied Materials additionally to that, to be frank, one, we didn't have the products or incumbent positions at the planar position, so the level of reuse for Applied is very low. And you can see in our share gains, which have really been driven in etch, CVD, and some in CMP, is around the share gains we have made within etch, CVD, and CMP around some of these conversions from planar to 3D NAND, and also some on DRAM. So one, total spend is bigger. Two, it's really etch and deposition-intensive. And three, it's been really good for Applied Materials within those products in the transition.
Robert J. Halliday: I'll do the first one, and Gary will do more the second one. So on broadening, this has been a year that's interesting in foundry. What might surprise you that of the trailing edge, and I'll define trailing-edge as 20-nanometer, 28-nanometer and above, 45-nanometer. It's 40% in 2017 will be that's those nodes, and you've got 55% we think for 7-nanometer and 10-namometer, and about 5% 14-nanometer, 16-nanometer. So what's the point? 40% of spend this year in the foundries is 20-nanometer and above, so it's really strong. Last year it was about 38%. So in a bigger spend year it's actually a bigger percentage, which is interesting. Now, so what you have this year is spending by the biggest foundry leader pretty strong and pretty big spending at the trailing nodes. And the opportunity you have to sustain foundry spending, which people are questioning about next year, is that we think that in 2018 we're going to have continued spending at the trailing edge. We think secondly, we're going to have a broadening of foundry spending, particularly next year. You asked about broadening of spending. I think it's a bigger impact next year because if you look at the shells they're putting up and the opportunities in SMIC and GLOBALFOUNDRIES in China and places like that, you're going to see some broadening of that. In terms of the leading edge on 10-nanometer/7-nanometer, by the end of this year you're going to have 120,000 to 140,000 wafer starts of capacity for 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer. We think that could probably at its peak double. So there's still some chance to broaden out 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer next year. So next year we're not pessimistic on foundry. We think there's obviously: A), the trailing edge is strong, number one. Number two, we see some still significant additions for 10-nanometer/7-nanometer, whether it's conversions or greenfield. And three, we see broadening among some of the customer base.
Robert J. Halliday: So there are probably about three levels to that question: one, the volatility question; two was the benefits to the operating margins from volatility; and three, the benefits to cash returns. So in terms of volatility, I completely agree with you. The volatility is trending down. Almost every metric we look at indicates that. The long-term metrics or the demand drivers for the industry are much more diverse and sustainable, and then layer on that you've got all these technology conversions. But I was just looking at some data today that the volatility is down, but within Applied it's down too because we are a much broader company. So I'll give you a couple of data points that I hadn't shared before. So if you just look at our revenue split in semi in 2015, 2016, and 2017, our percent with memory has stayed pretty steady at 48%, 47%, 47%. And then our percent that's been foundry has ranged from 38% to 42%, and logic is 12% or 13%. So within device type, we're much stronger than we used to be. And we project in 2017 that our market share by device type, in NAND, DRAM, foundry, and logic, in all four of the major categories will be 21.5% or above, whereas we used to have a 10 to 15-point spread between some of our low memory ones and our high foundry. We've gotten a lot stronger in memory. So the volatility in the industry is down and the volatility within Applied is down a lot. And then you layer in the strength in the service business, which has grown a lot, and the display business, which has grown a lot, and it's sustainable. So I agree with you on the volatility. Where will we see the benefits in the operating margin? We're going to see them in a few places. One, we will grow our revenue line and it will be more predictable, so that results in a few things. One, you tend to use factory utilization higher, so cost of goods sold, gross margins tend to trend up. So if you look at the benefits on gross margins, we are just grinding away on material costs and factory utilization, and that's helping us on these gross margins. As I said earlier in the call, we thought our gross margins would be up this year by 0.8 point to 44 points. We now think we're going to be up 1.5 points. And a lot of this is efficiency, grinding away, sustainability more predictable, less volatility, we talked about. And then I said earlier on the call that we predict our operating margins in Q2 to be north of 27%. So we are seeing it in the numbers. The company is becoming more efficient, more effective with the products we're doing, but also with this less volatility is contributing. We are now, for instance, in our factories looking at being much more aggressive in what we ship in the first four weeks of a quarter to even more level-load our factories. So you're 100% right. In terms of the benefits to the investors, we are starting to generate more significant cash returns. So if you look at the operating cash flow, it was 20% this quarter, which is very high for us in Q1. Last year Q1 was 9%, so we are doing it. Now the question is getting it back to investors. We are going to do it. We didn't do too much last quarter because of some – we were looking at foundry conditions around what's going to change in the tax laws, movement of cash between overseas and the U.S. But we see – one, we are committed to do it. Two, I think we'll have the flexibility to do it. And three, some of the changes that are being proposed in Washington may be beneficial to us in multiple ways, long-term tax going to a territorial system, we're on a worldwide system. So I think it's a great opportunity for the investors of Applied on this.
Robert J. Halliday: I can start and Gary can jump in. I'll tell you what's encouraging for me in some of this stuff. If you look at NAND and DRAM – look at NAND, I'll look at DRAM in a second. We look at NAND bit growth in supply is pretty much in line and growing about 45% a year, and that's 45% over a bigger and bigger install base. So the end-use demand for NAND is pretty damn strong. And DRAM is pretty similar. We see bit demand in 2016 up about 30%, and then we see server DRAM up about 40% to 45% in 2017. And supply has been a little tighter. We see 2017 supply bit growth is only about 25% to 30%, and then we see a lot of smartphone consumption up for new Android 6GB and Apple third-generation. But what's good for Applied is our market share within DRAM is up about 5 points from 2012 to 2015, and we think we're going to get another point in 2016. So we think, one, the marketing demand for DRAM and NAND is growing pretty healthily. Two, it's growing pretty disciplined, more frankly. Even with NAND capacity additions, what we see is big demand drivers for more NAND. For instance, another factoid I don't think we gave you is that as solid-state drives become more and more cost-effective, there's probably going to be a need for up to about 500,000 more wafer starts greenfield to add capacity to what they have today. In other words, if you look in the world, there used to be about 1.4 million wafer starts for NAND. Now it might be 1.6 million wafer starts. But that's not even enough. Over the next four years, they probably have to add another 500,000 just for servers. Each 100,000 of NAND is worth about $5 billion. That's about $5 billion that they have to add to reach their growth in their markets. So what's the point? Good growth drivers for NAND and DRAM, number one. Number two, pretty disciplined even with the capacity to do it on NAND because their market is expanding. Three, our position has gone up where we've gained by the time we're done in 2016 we'll probably have gained about seven points in both NAND and DRAM from 2012.
Robert J. Halliday: We talk about a lot of esoteric stuff here, bit growth and materials engineering. When I step back, even more than a few years ago, I think Applied has a really good business. If you look at the markets in which we compete are doing really well, better than they were years ago. Our position is much better. And as somebody answered on the call, our better execution and less volatility of the market is resulting in significant improvement in operating margin to cash flow. So we have a really good business. And what we're doing here is driving sustainable year-over-year growth in revenue, share, and profitabilities. So the three things, as I would summarize again, is one, our markets are getting better, bigger, and less volatile. WFE and display are both strong with positive long-term outlook. We have strong share, as I said, in all device types. We were up in memory in particular. In foundry, we've always been strong. And then display is doing very well. And if you look at our service business, which was $2 billion back in 2013, we're going to hit $3.2 billion in 2019, so that's grown a lot, and that's a very strong baseline business. Second, our execution is better. Our deep pipeline of products enabled by the product development engine, where 40% of our equipment revenue now is generated from products we've introduced in the last three years, we have multiple years of share gains. And what I don't think we mentioned on our call, we have record backlog of $5.5 billion at this point. So that's all around better execution. And finally, the question I just got asked, billing, your return on cash is better than ever. Revenue is outpacing our markets. Operating margin is growing. As I said, we're going to be over 27% next year, and we have a great deal of flexibility to return more cash to shareholders. So I just think Applied has got a really good business when you cut through it. I feel really good about the business.
Gary E. Dickerson: I could add a little bit more also, C.J., on display. So if you put display in perspective, it's a great example of our ability to take materials engineering into an adjacent market. And if you go over a four-year period of time, from 2012 to 2016, our orders have increased from around $400 million to $2 billion, so – over $2 billion, about a 5x increase in four years in display, which is incredible. But again, it shows the ability to take our materials innovation technologies, CVD, PVD, thin film encapsulation, into a new market. And we've talked about – Bob talked about the TV sizes increasing and the seven Gen 10.5 projects. OLED, mobile is also expanding to new customers. 50% of our demand going forward for this year is new customers for the mobile OLED. And then we've been focused on inflections and increasing our total available market. We've talked about tripling our served market as we go forward. And certainly as these new technologies like OLED or flexible OLED are adopted, that increases our total available market. We've been driving new technologies like thin film encapsulation and e-beam review, again, reusing technologies that we have within our semiconductor business in display. You ask about the new products that we've talked about, and what we've said is that we'll announce those sometime during 2017. But what I would say – and we're not going to do that today, but what I would say is that those projects are on track and tremendous customer pull and investment for those new opportunities.
Gary E. Dickerson: Sure, let me give you some color on China. So what we're looking at in 2017 for China for Applied Materials is up versus 2016, maybe something like 10% up overall for us. And if you look at 2017 versus 2015, it's up maybe an additional $1 billion overall. Semi is slightly lower in that mix. Display is higher and service is higher. If you look at 2015 versus 2017, we've had 2x growth or anticipating 2x growth in semi revenue and about 50% growth in service and display. And China is really one of our strongest regions both with the multinational companies and the domestic companies there. And as we spend a lot of time and we have very deep relationships with the companies that are there, basically what we hear is that there is a big strategic drive in investment in China. There's a big gap in terms of domestic supply versus demand, and then there's also a drive to build a secure supply chain. So I think all of us see announcements and very large investments over the next several years in China. In talking to those customers, they I believe understand that this is a long-term strategy. They have Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3. And in the beginning, those investments aren't going to be as efficient, especially in the more advanced technologies. But what I would say is that very consistently we see strong drive from a strategic perspective for increased investment in China, and really what we're seeing is 2018 and beyond a significant increase. Again, we increased semi revenue 2x from 2015 to 2017. If you ask me, what do I think 2017 to 2019, that's going to be up a significant amount in semiconductor opportunity.
Gary E. Dickerson: So let me take on our position, and Bob can talk about maybe capital intensity. So as we talked about overall, we gained 2 points of share in 2016, and actually our strongest gains are in 3D NAND. And one of the really big drivers for our company is that 3D NAND is materials-enabled scaling versus litho-enabled scaling. I met three of the top four memory CEOs in the last month. All of them are very bullish. The pull that they have for 3D NAND is really tremendous. And if you look in servers, for instance, and the total cost of ownership and the power consumption, I was in our data center, it's 80% less power consumption, and total cost of ownership is significantly better. So all of the people I'm talking to are very bullish about 3D NAND. Our position in 3D NAND, as we've talked about, we increase our TAM, our total available market by a factor of three. And when we're talking also about operating margins and our opportunities in display or in semi, our strategy is to focus on inflections. So we're winning share in inflections and we're also delivering new capabilities. And so that comes through in 40% of our revenue being introduced from products that were introduced in the last three years. Just in 2016, our etch revenue was up 30%, CVD 33%, CMP revenue up 33%. Our e-beam products, another area where there's a big inflection, the largest part of our PDC business, up 33%. So we see tremendous pull. And as you go to these future generations of 3D NAND, it's really all about materials innovation, how you scale to those additional numbers of layers, and we're in a really great position. The pull that we have from our customers is earlier, deeper, and broader than we've ever seen in the past. And Bob can talk maybe about the capital intensity.
Gary E. Dickerson: So on the share gains, we have, as Bob talked about, I think pretty good line of sight on 7-nanometer and very strong pull for our transistor and interconnect products where we have extremely high share, and we're seeing more steps and an increase in our total available market as you go to 7-nanometer. In addition to the three memory CEOs I met, I also met the head of R&D for our largest logic and foundry customers within the last month. And what I would say is that we have stronger pull for earlier, deeper, and broader collaborations than we've ever had in the history of Applied Materials. And one of the things that we're really focused on, if you go past 7-nanometers, how do we enable our customers to build devices that they could never build before. So certainly we have great pull for new products like Selectra, which again gives designers a capability that they never had before in designing new types of devices. And you will definitely see and we're seeing the ability to grow as fast as we can qualify with this kind of new capability. We have new films that our customers are adopting for 5-nanometer and beyond that also enable them to design devices in different ways. And certainly the transistor, interconnect patterning is another area we've talked about where we have tremendous pull with Sym3 across the board for logic and foundry customers. The Selectra, Olympia, Precision CVD, PROVision, the LK Prime for CMP, we're in the early innings of adoption of many of those products. And as you go beyond 7-nanometer, the opportunities for us even become much larger for these products and other products that we have in our pipeline. So for me, those conversations with those people running R&D are incredibly exciting, and the pull is really tremendous for Applied.
Gary E. Dickerson: We definitely see – we're engaged with all of those different companies. Our share in China is the highest or near the highest that we have for any region, so our engagement with those companies are very strong. We don't really see in 2017 significant revenue growth coming from those companies. Again, our overall revenue in China we anticipate in 2017 is somewhere around $2.6 billion. So for us having something that moves the needle for us has to be fairly sizeable. We are definitely deeply engaged with all of those companies and we look at 2018 and beyond as a much bigger opportunity.
