Jay Fishman: Thanks Brian. Page 23 summarizes our updated guidance for full year 2010 fully diluted operating income per share which we've increased from the previous range of $5.20 to a range of $5.75 to $5.95. In round numbers this should translate into an operating ROE of just under 12%. We're now assuming cut losses of $765 million after tax or $1.58 per diluted share, which incorporates our actual catalogue for the first nine months of the year and our original estimate for the fourth quarter. No further estimates of prior reserve development either favorable or unfavorable, a low single digit decrease in average invested assets, ex-unrealized gains and losses this whole thing from a reduction of holding company with liquidity due to the share repurchases. Full year share repurchases of 4.5 to 5 billion and a weighted average diluted share count after share repurchases and employee equity awards of approximately 485 million shares. Jay would like to say some additional comments before we go to Q&A.
Jay Fishman: I think the second half of your question or the statement is actually just in error. We look at a lot of data. In fact I'm not sure anyone analyses data any better or more robustly than we and I will tell you that even assuming current reinvestment rates now, current reinvestment rates now, the portfolio, meaning the combination of renewal and new, on our business insurance business is not in single digits. It's actually better than that. Now the dynamic is we're focused on -- and I hope my comments really were fairly specific about this, we are focused on retention and I would say taking new business selectively. No one should come to the conclusion that we are focused on growth. There isn't anything in the comments or in the data that would give anyone -- should point anyone to the conclusion that we're focusing on growth as the word you use. It is a very selective approach. It is not only based on price but its risk selection. We spend most of the time on these calls speaking about rate. Our folks in the (inaudible) spend most of their time focused on the risk selection. So it's as I said a complex business where you're balancing elements. I just couldn't be more pleased with how we're managing through this largely unprecedented environment.
Jay Fishman: In terms of the return on equity, it's actually an awfully simple story. The return on equity that we publish in our press release and in our financials is straightforward GAAP return on equity which is the earnings that we reported for the period divided by average equity for the period and Jay and Doug can take you through all of that. We obviously understand that if our entire $70 billion investment portfolio were re-priced today at today's reinvestment rates, that we would end up with a different return. We understand that, internally the analytics that we have we actually do look at it that way. We actually do evaluate products and businesses and lines based upon investing cash flows at today's available rates and it's those analytics that form the basis of our pricing strategy and our growing strategy and they are proprietary. They are important, they are the subject of substantial discussion here and it's that return that gives us our approach to whether we are aggressively growing, not aggressively growing or willing to strength. Brian spoke today about letting the large end of select strength because we are pricing with such and the risk selection effect that the returns are simply aren't adequate to support business. So we are letting that shrink somewhat. And certainly we understand one of the reasons that Jay presented the schedule that he did about investment income is that if these investment markets continue. If they are what they are and the underwriting environment never changes and there is no favorable development. Now we are not going to be able to achieve mid-teens return on equity and we certainly understand that and it's actually not all that difficult to model out the business and see what you think it is. We certainly do it all the time and it can be achieved. So we talk pretty simple, the numbers that you get in press release and GAAP things we are all getting and internally we have robust analytics that left us evaluate the current underwriting profitability based up on today's reinvestment rate and that's what establishes our underwriting energy or enthusiasm.
Jay Fishman: I'm going to sound like I'm repeating myself a little bit from Jay Cohen's question but as it relates to the expenses and again in any quarter you can have some things go up and some things go down. I think last year we had some assessments that came through in the third quarter. This year we had some credits that came through in the third quarter. I think overall that we've been very thoughtful in trying to manage our expenses and keep the expense ratio in line and those are kinds of things that have created the period to period variability but there is nothing in particular from an operational standpoint that's driving it. We do have differences and timing of things like advertising cost and travel that go through. So I can't think of anything in particular that I'd point to that says this is a fundamental change.
Jay Fishman: For starters on the mix dynamic within the account growth, what we try to break out the small commercial from the middle market and obviously the small commercial. We are absolutely growing it from a mixed perspective in the smaller array. So, that's driving some of the dynamic of the total but within that the express component of small commercial which would have a fairly consistent account sizes growing dramatically. So we feel good about that.
Jay Fishman: And I think Matt and correct me if I am wrong, just to your question are we getting the growth just because we are shifting mix or do we think we are actually growing like type of accounts and the answer is there is a piece of it that's mixed but the bulk of it is we're growing light type of accounts. So.
Jay Fishman: I'll give you my perspective and I'll Greg to chime in as well. It's sure closer to the former than the later. We're actually -- I wouldn't say constraining. That's not quite the word but what we are doing is we're only doing that amount of business that we need to do to continue to advance the learning and the learnings are how do we get a customer to respond to an ad, how do we get that customer either through our call center or our technology platform to actually end up with quote, how do we convert that quote to a sale and then most importantly, who are we bringing in and what's the loss experience. What we -- you've said -- the pricing track we're using for direct is the same pricing track we use at our agency plant. It is our presumption that the loss experience between those two groups will be different, that the act of where one purchases is an identifying characteristic -- a projecting characteristic of loss experience. So we're just trying to do enough to keep the learnings moving ahead. We are not remotely at the level now where its goal, invest in advertising dramatically, or whatever we can do, we can do. If you can add to that.
Jay Fishman: We didn't characterize it by the way as an experiment. The implication of that is that we're committed to making this work and it will take years -- it will take years for us to get to the point where it gets to break even or frankly becomes profitable but we are committed to getting there and what we're doing is to Greg's exact point, is balancing the cost of investment with the value of the learnings that come out of it.
Jay Fishman: Let me take the first piece of that related to the insurance business. It's early days and when I say early days I mean in the context that we are still learning about the facts and circumstances and so it's hard to really come up with a definitive insurance exposure perspective in that environment but having said that you are taking a look at our exposure to the top 15 mortgage services and our exposure is really very, very limited there and that is in some respects of fall out of the credit crisis underwriting we have been doing going back to the first to second quarter of 2007. So all the big names that you and we have been reading about in the news, we have very, very limited exposure there. We don't view it as an exposure really to the community banks and we think that's because they just haven't been foreclosing the kinds of volumes that would involve the processes that is really in question here and we haven't seen any indication if that's the case. So at least early days from the insurance perspective we are not doing it as an outside issue.
Jay Fishman: Well I'll let Brian step in but I want to start off with the premise that the tactical and strategic imperative number one two and three is retention and again somehow the conversation always seems to kind of drive to growth but we start out with a focus that the book of business that we have is the book of business that we understand, that's priced appropriately that's got highest return and so we approach our retention book in a very, very thoughtful kind of way. The growth dynamics that you are seeing here in the charts, the account growth, I got to go back and talk to the fact that once been driven by Select Express which is a technology platform that lowers cost, lowers agent cost and lowers our cost significantly and so it's been a platform based dynamic of growth not price based. A platform based dynamic of growth and in Bill Cunningham's in his middle market business it's really been about new product development and role out. We have provided lots of information about that previously not a price driven strategy and again the data. It's so clear that it supports this, you are looking at retention that is historical highs and renewal pricing that's more or less a flat a little below or flat and so our focus is not and it destined to get confused to some folks is not to cut price too aggressively grow our book. It's to use our competitive advantages where they exist, like the express, like the new product development in middle market that allows us to the geography that Greg spoke about. Where there are ways to grow your business without being pricing competitive to do it.
Jay Fishman: Let's say, at the beginning of the quarter, for holding company liquidity we had about $2.4 billion. The way the mechanics of this thing are taking dividends out of the operating companies and bringing them up to the holding company. I mean there are other things that impact it like stock option and equity awards. That's a relatively small number. Tax has come into play. There is going on the other way interest on the corporate debt, shareholder dividend, stock repurchases themselves, any pension plan funding we do. So those are the components of it. I'm not sure you can really have full visibility to all those components but what ends up happening is that the 2.4 grows to 2.8 and the two major drivers of that are the size of the dividends coming up from the operating companies versus the amount of share repurchases that go out.
Jay Fishman: No we had a dividend in the quarter. Let me clarify what's going on with the dividends. I think in our 10-K at the beginning of the year of course, we had indicated that we could take dividends up without special authorization of something around $3.5 billion is my recollection. Somebody is going to look that up for me. But we also said during the first or second quarter, I'm not sure which one was that based on the capital positions of the operating companies which had gotten very robust, we were actually going to go to our regulators and say that we wanted to take capital out of the operating companies at a higher level than that would have indicated and get their authority to do that which we did and we did that in the first quarter. And when you do that it also changes the dynamics going forward of what constitutes normal dividend versus what constitutes a special dividend. So in each of the quarters we have gone to our regulators and said we'd like to take X out and in each of the quarters we've been given permission to do that. But its all in conjunction with a strategy as Jay has talked about of always rightsizing the capital at the place and you've heard me say before that we manage to a certain level of capital and the operating companies to support the AA ratings and that's what all we're doing. So our regulators understand that, the rating agencies understand it and it's just what's flowing through right now.
Jay Fishman: I mean if we take a look at what the dividend yields are for comparable companies and the property causality space. We look at payout ratios and we recognized that we are in a business where the wind blows and the earth shakes. We take that into account in the past and what we have been fortunate enough to be able to do over the last couple of years is look at well we have a very solid earnings stream and we have paid out roughly $700 million if you look at the dollar amount in each one of the years. You are absolutely right our share count has gone down as a result of the repurchases. So we have been increasing the dividend to bring the dollar payout roughly back up to the same level which has basically kept the payout ratio and the yields very competitive.
Jay Fishman: In small commercial I don't think they have changed the commission structure as expressed. Did we put it out? We did for a little maybe years ago but not currently.
Jay Fishman: It's been an interesting phenomenon that we speak about a lot and we talked about it for literally years that the renewed market has had a remarkable stability to it that actually is consisted with those of who us who are in the business in the 90s it's fairly. There is a robust competitive environment for new business but yet the renewed book seems to be and this is universal by the way. It's just not us if you look at any carrier, maybe quality carrier. You speak to agents, you speak to brokers they will all comment and the ones we speak to will observe that the renewal market has a remarkable stability, our customers are just happy. Most customers are happy just staying where they are and the fact is as long as the premium doesn't go up there they are happy with the broker, they are happy with the carrier and the experience is good and the business is just suppose is there.
Jay Benet: Thanks Jay. Just before we open it up we had a pretty good run here for sometime and the folks around this table I think actually get an undue amount of credit for that performance. We have publicly acknowledged all the folks of the investment department, we have done a remarkable job in unprecedented conditions of keeping this company moving ahead but the fact is I want and our own folks listen to these calls and I just want to spend 15 seconds letting 10,000 people know that we recognize that the business is done in the field and trade at a time and we couldn't be more appreciative of the underwriting discipline and the thoughtfulness and your attention. And I don't care whether their commercial lines underwriters or personal underwriters, but they refrain the technology or opts risk control. This is a complicated business I mean by 30,000 folks who understand it to keep the organization moving ahead and I just wanted to take a minute and say thanks and with that we are ready to go for questions.
Jay Benet: Yeah Jay, in any period, a period comparison we try to look at as Brian said what are the key core underlying trends of price and loss cost but there are also things that will impact it. Small weather, not cut weather in quarter versus another year-to-date, one year versus another; we've talked in the past about large loss activity. Last year we made a re-estimation of the full year loss pick for business insurance in the fourth quarter. We also did that in the third quarter but when you do that it impacts prior quarters of the current year. So I think when you see the full year results, you'll see more of what Brian is talking about and if there are impacts associated with large loss activity and small weather we'll try to point that out as well.
Jay Benet: Well that actually gets to the comments that I made and is just absolutely spot on. There has at least in my career never been a period with a gap between the cost of debt and the cost of equity has been any wider than it is today. I find it actually remarkable that they are high quality equities with the dividend is actually higher than the debt yield on the ten year debt, high quality companies. So it tells you that the market place is at the moment somewhat upside down and the real question that you are asking and I think it's extra-ordinarily relevant one is that is going to continue and possibly been in an environment where the two year treasury is a 2.4% and the cost of equity is a 10 or will there not be arbitrage activities that will take place. But in one fashion or another we will lower that gap, reduce that gap into a more normal historical rage. We are extremely attentive to it. One can speculate that one way that cost of equity will go down is a rising equity market and some folks have asked me why do you think the market is generally is rising now. One of the answers to it is that it's reflecting at a decline cost of equity. It's somewhat kind of intuitive to think of it that way but frankly it's entirely possible. So, I don't know what the cost of equity will be in a few years. My guess is that you got a financial company ten years from now in today's environment and you look back three years from now and the company has achieved a 10% cumulative return on equity and you will feel great. You won't feel good, you will feel great and if you look broadly at the financial services arena and we do and I do and you will look at the returns that institutions of producing particularly in the banking arena where the rules and regulations and levels of dynamics are changing so much I think that the dynamic of what returns are going to be over the next few years is a fascinating question and what it is that investors are going to seek but my comment was for now our goal is our goal. We will do the best we can. We are not going at arbitrarily and go out through the marketplace and say, the worst thing in the world to do is to go out to the marketplace and say we want five points of rate on every account. You'll get five points of rate on accounts that need 10 and you'll lose accounts that don't need any. The easiest way to get adverse selection is to take away the underwriters authority to evaluate risk and return on an individual trade. So no mystery here. We acknowledge the environment is not possible right now, nothing we can achieve with these returns. But the two words overtime are just critical to us and that's how we think about. This is a long term business and we manage it over time.
Jay Benet: We have enough trouble keeping track of our own. We are going to pass on try and estimate what the industry is.
Jay Benet: And importantly just in other terms, Select Express is the technology platform that we introduce now I don't know maybe three years ago and that has really dramatically changed the way what smallest end of our small commercial business is processed. I have discussed this before but the predecessor platform was 20% underwritten in the technology, 80% was referred out to underwriters for review. This is a very slow approach to the smallest end of the business, 80% now is done in the technology and only 20% comes out for human intervention. So it is dramatically different, this platform is the basis of the flow significant increase in quote activity that we have seen from ages. We are just been quoted a whole lot more with this platform because it's easier and more efficient and as a result that business is growing significantly. It is the smallest end of the small commercial business.
Jay Benet: Yes, in the middle businesses, the average account size that we're bringing in that was fairly consistent with our renewal book of business and the difference between the total gross is basically the exposure, the audit premium and the renewal exposure change that you're increasing your overview.
Jay Benet: And I want to take the opportunity to clarify something because I am quite certain Gabby will get ten calls before the end of the day on this and it gets back to the analytics but I was keeping you that before that evaluates returns on a investment return basis today. Let me be a little more specific. So we are talking about allocating capital. Each of our products, each of our business is based up on the duration and the volatility are actually defined and amount of capital too. The embedded return that we calculate for the portfolio assumes that the premium dollars come in at new investment rates but that the capital, because the capital sits and just continues to roll has a much longer duration so the capital that supports it is somewhat more reflective of the historical capital embedded in the portfolio. So, premiums come in entirely at new money rates. Again this is the analytics that we use, the capital based up on allocated capital to that product reflecting more of the historical duration kind of because again it supports the business as one piece of business rolls off and new piece of business comes on. The capital has a different duration than the new premium base and if you look at the business insurance segment in the aggregate as we did just yesterday and making sure that we can answer this question. The policy view, the return that we see in the business that we are writing today is very low double digit. That's where we fall; I don't want to get more specific than that because obviously it's reflecting of our pricing strategy. But it wouldn't take much to move into high single digits but its very low double digits.
Jay Benet: That's correct, I mean we take money out of the operating companies each quarter because we are making money in the operating companies each quarter and if you look and if you take a big picture view of what we have been saying for the year. Our guidance is for share repurchases of 4.5 to $5 billion. That if you look at what our year-to-date net income is and that certainly doesn't equate to a picture for the year of 4.5 to 5 billion. Those two numbers are long that are showing that we are taking capital out of this.
Jay Benet: You get to a point where you have taken out the excess capital so you eventually get to a steady state where the payout is going to be based up on what is your net income, what are your capital needs in the company and what are your various targets for holding company and liquidity and debt and everything else. So, eventually you do get to (inaudible).
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey Keith this is Greg Toczydlowski from Personal Insurance. On the annual policy first of all take that one. There is a number of dynamics that we look at and the annual policy. Some of them being agency selling behavior, retention and pricing and we look at all those dynamics together we thought it was the appropriate time to drive that inside the business and I think the margins and the growth are showing that. That's clearly not the only feature that we have been throwing out there into the market as a positive impact. And when we look at all them we feel good about having that in the product.
Greg Toczydlowski: Okay and then Jay just a follow-up on pricing I mean I acknowledge your comments that you said, the ROEs has been very strong last several years but the chart show clear price deterioration and why the continued focus on growing in certain business lines here when clearly the accident of your ROE is probably sub 10 at this point. Thanks.
Greg Toczydlowski: I'd just echo Jay's comments. We spend a lot of time watching the economics and the operational expectations of the business and they're both right within the target of where we want to be. As Jay said, the function of the top line is how we advertise, how we entertain ourselves out in the digital space and clearly that's the amount of investment that we put in this. I think it's a fair assumption that if you look at the last three quarter's run rate, that's a fair assumption of what we could expect for this business to continue running at both months going forward and as Jay said we're really trying to really maximize our learning with minimizing the investments inside this business and as we get more of those learning's we'll continue to grow the business. We're very cautious in how we're doing it.
Greg Toczydlowski: Its Greg Toczydlowski again. We've been focused very much on a couple of areas. One that we talk about earlier is some of the features in the automobile is some of our geographic expansion. We've seen an under penetration in the mid-west and the west and we've been appointing agents out there over the past few years and based on those two really its been driving some of the sequential PIF growth that we have inside the book of business.
Brian MacLean: I will just make an observation on that agency costs matter very much in the equation too and instead of yielding obviously two rules a year you deal with one not an insignificant difference. On the direct initiative you don't actually have lots to say, we continue on course with the plan that we set. We said we are going to be investing and losing money and in fact we are on positive sides. We are beginning to learn a fair amount about the customers that respond. What they find attractive in the value equation and I will let you know if are doing about 5000 policies a month in our direct initiative now. So we are on our way to learning but make no mistake we view it as a very long term investment.
Brian MacLean: So first on the combined ratio and I'll throw it to Jay Benet for some of the specifics but obviously every quarter there is stuff running through the combined. We still see when we net out everything that we think is unusual a slight deterioration in what we call the core combined ratio. But Jay, why don't you go through some of the changes.
Brian MacLean: So splitting it into two pieces, frequency for us has been very flat and granted that is compared to last year and the year before where we were having some significant declines in frequency and in some of our businesses. So the declines have leveled off but we're still pretty pleased with where they are leveling off at. The core loss inflation or severity component of it is pretty benign. It's not a zero. It's a plus number. But it's a mid to low single digits plus number. So overall loss inflation continues to be in a pretty good place for us.
Brian MacLean: And then the other dynamic within pricing and you used the right words, I mean if you look at any of our business insurance statistics that are in the package. The negative price that we are talking about is it's somewhere around a negative one but and we have talked about this a lot in the past and Jay touched on it. It's the spread across the portfolio that really matters there. If we were getting minus one on each and every account that's one strategy, we have got accounts in here where we are getting plus 10s and we have got accounts that are certainly getting minus 10s. It's blending to something pretty close to neutral. We feel good about the profitability about our book and we wake up every morning wanting to retain most of the accounts. So, I think to characterize our strategy is taking down prices to grow, in our minds it's not consistent with how we think about it but.
Brian MacLean: Yeah sure this is Brian and if you look at our numbers you will see that we have been growing our workers comp and it's actually that we are growing it for about 10 years. We have been growing it fairly gradually. In the aggregate for our book we feel very good and while the economy is clearly impacted the exposures and pay roll changes and some places have been dramatic. We have been adding accounts and seeing some moderate growth in the line. The bottom line is Tom maybe more than any other products we do is a state-by-state industry-by-industry, account size-by- account size kind of dynamic. So we look at a very granular level and really believe it's the classic risk selection gain and feel good about it. One thing I would comment on and maybe I'll throw to Bill Cunningham is the AM best data on comps have a good bit of play and that's just a slice of the industry and you need to understand what it is that's looking at.
Brian MacLean: Yeah and so Greg we would agree that there are certain states and certain industries where we'd be very concerned with comp and be pulling back but in the act that we feel good about our book.
Brian MacLean: Our fundamental programs there over the last several years have remained very constant both in structure and in amount.
Brian MacLean: And the notion in today's environment I am sure like most of your employers the ability – the willingness of your employers to take on added costs that aren't justified with underlying activity is a substance of issue for every business and it's a substance of issue for our customers. It's not particularly easy nor well received. If you go to a customer with – getting through a challenging economic environment and suggest that we raise the price for insurance. So our retention strategy is molded by the environment we are in that the economic environment we are in and the realization that there are real life customers on the other side of the transaction and you got to be responsive to the overall economic environment and manage the business for the long term and that really defines the approach.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Yeah, good morning. Two questions here. First one, I was hoping Jay if you could talk about the general administrative expenses in the business and circuited the big, big drop this quarter. Anything unusual going on there and I have one follow-up.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Is there like an underlying rate we can think about that our expense is kind of flat or are down a little bit. Just trying to kind of think about it going forward. I don't want to essentially drop expenses by 10% a quarter here going forward.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay, okay. Terrific. And then the second question for Brian, lost cost inflation in the commercial lines area, we've heard a little bit this quarter about some tick up and some loss costs inflation from some other companies. I'm wondering what you're seeing.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning everybody. Two questions, first could you give us a little bit more color on the BI account growth slide you showed. I guess I will be curious when whether or not there is a dramatic difference in accounts size for the new accounts versus maybe the existing book if you go back to year end '08. And also just given what we have seen in premium, could you maybe just discuss how the exposure trends at those new accounts maybe contrast with exposure trend change on the existing book and then I will have a follow-up.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: You got to it with the last comment. So that's helpful. The other question I had was, I need to follow up on Brian, actually maybe I'll ask a different one, on the direct side, I guess are you out of -- you used the -- I think you used the word experiment Jay but it looks like the premium volume is starting to decelerate sequentially kind of low to mid $20 million on a quarterly basis. You would expect that to grow I would assume but I guess are you proactively kind of trying to restrain the growth in that channel till you ensure you kind of understand the dynamics or you are now at a point where growth will be what it will be, you kind of have a more clear view of the appetite and some of the variables that you want to pay attention to.
Matthew Heimermann - JPMorgan: Okay, that's fair. That was my poor word choice. I guess based on your last comment and isn't it fair to kind of think about quantum has a parallel in terms of -- because I think there was about a 24 month period of kind of rolling that out and to the point where you were kind of fully comfortable just letting it run. So it sounds be much longer.
Bill Cunningham: I wouldn't add much. You obviously read the story about Pimco and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York sending to Bank of America with a list of 115 tools, where they would like to see mortgages put back. We looked at that list. We own three of them. We think -- I think there are three cross currants. One the validity of foreclosures which have taken place, two the ability on our perspective basis to foreclose and courts are beginning to get more particular in terms of what they demand and that's probably good. And three the whole put back phenomenon and they would cut differently across the portfolio. My guess is the probability of any of the three having a significant impact to us or anyone else, that might be more remote than the newspapers are suggesting and whatever happens is going to happen over time to the extent that if there was a put back phenomenon we would benefit. It's easier for GSEs to put back mortgages than non agency pools because all the GSEs have to do this pool they weren't confirming. So we'd be beneficiaries but we're not counting on much.
Bill Cunningham: When we think about our exposure its way heavily weighted toward the D&O and E&O side and again underweight on the larger institutions. They is coverage that I think is available in that market. We just don't write a lot of it.
Bill Cunningham: That study of the price referencing was a composite of the state fund business and the mono line workers comp market business and as you look at that, many of those state funds are markets of less resort and obviously as we talk about selection and the things that we have in place. Selection is not possible when it's a market of last resort and the pricing is not always appropriate. So as we look at the profile of our book and our results are much different than that.
Jeff Fishman: Again it's a state by state and for competitive reasons we aren't going to get into state specific. So we'd say on an overall basis our workers comp pricing has been fairly consistent with the approach we've been taking over the last few quarters. We have not seen a dramatic change.
Jeff Fishman: Relative to the agent. They get the same price whether they go to the agent or they come direct. It's the only pricing track we have. We don't have one -- we have no experience in the direct channel. So we don't have an ability to create a pricing track yet based on experience.
Jeff Fishman: We don't have any -- we don't have any specials on with respect to growing or anything else. [Multiple Speakers]
Jeff Fishman: We will obviously shoot predominantly our fixed value based commission to differentiate one producer, one agency versus another, those that grow more will have a higher fixed value based supplement than others but there's nothing special on with respect to growing this month or anything like that.
