Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our first quarter 2014 results. Hopefully all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian McLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. Other members of senior management are also available for the question and answer period. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will open it up for your questions. Before I turn it over to Jay, I’d like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risk and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available in the Investors section on our website. Now, Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Before we open it up for questions and answers, may I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, please. Thank you. We can now open it up for the question and answer period.
Gabriella Nawi: Sorry – this is Gabi. Just to remind you that you can also see on Page 18 of the webcast that new business in auto has picked up pretty meaningfully, and that’s obviously largely driven by Quantum 2.0.
Gabriella Nawi: Sorry – it’s Gabi. Just to clarify, it’s renewal premium change on the page in the webcast, not renewal price change.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it.
Gabriella Nawi: Very good. Thank you all for joining us today. As always, Andrew Hersom and myself are available in Investor Relations for additional questions. Thank you all, and have a good day.
Jay Benet: Thanks Jay. By any measure, our first quarter results – record net and operating income per diluted share of $2.95, operating ROE of 17.8%, and a GAAP combined ratio of 85.7% - were exceptional. As was the case in recent quarters, these strong results were built upon very solid investment results primarily driven by private equity and real estate returns along with very strong underwriting performance. Within underwriting, earned rate increases continued to exceed loss cost trends in each of our business segments, although this benefit to our loss ratio was mostly offset by the severe CAT and non-CAT winter weather that gripped the country this quarter. Our loss ratio also benefited from net favorable prior year reserve development of $294 million pre-tax, which was up $63 million from the prior year quarter, and was adversely impacted by catastrophe losses of $149 million pre-tax which were up $50 million.  In addition, our expense ratio benefited from a $76 million pre-tax reduction in an estimated liability for state assessment that we were required to pay in relation to our workers’ compensation premiums. This reduction in our estimated liability resulted from a change in state law that took effect in the first quarter of 2014 that clarified our payment obligations. Each of our business segments once again produced net favorable prior year reserve development. In BI, net favorable development of $93 million was driven by better than expected loss experience for general liability excess coverages that resulted from a more favorable legal and judicial environment than we had expected, as well as favorable CAT and non-CAT property loss development partially offset by higher than expected loss experience for liability coverages within CMP. Net favorable development of $69 million in FP&II primarily resulted from better than expected results in contact surety and bond and financial products, while in PI net favorable reserve development of $132 million was primarily driven by better than expected loss experience in homeowners and other for CAT and non-CAT weather-related losses. On a combined stat basis for all of our U.S. subsidiaries’ accident year 2004 and prior developed unfavorably by a de minimis amount, approximately $11 million, while each accident year in the period 2005 through 2013 developed favorably in this quarter.  Operating cash flows were very strong, a little over $700 million, and up from $530 million in the prior year quarter. We ended the quarter with over $1.6 billion of holding company liquidity and all of our capital ratios were at or better than their target levels. Net unrealized investment gains were approximately $2.6 billion pre-tax or $1.7 billion after tax, up from $2 billion and $1.3 billion respectively at the beginning of the year mostly due to reductions in spreads. Book value per share was $73.06 or 7% higher than a year ago and 4% higher than at the beginning of this year. Turning to capital management, we continue to generate much more capital than we need to support our businesses, allowing us to return $882 million of excess capital to our shareholders this quarter. We paid dividends of $177 million and repurchased $705 million of our common shares, including $650 million under our publicly announced share repurchase program consistent with our ongoing capital management strategy, and $55 million to partially offset shares issued under employee incentive plans, mostly to cover employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting and payout of performance and restricted stock awards. Finally, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.50 per share to $0.55, a 10% increase on top of last year’s 9% increase. So with that, let me turn the microphone over to Brian.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet. There’s no change in the way we go about reserving. Reserving is based on the actual storms that take place and then the assumptions that surround that, and one of the things that we’ve had some difficulty with has been the weather patterns of the last several years. If you recall, not so much last year but the couple of years before that, when there was a lot of tornado experience that was creating both non-CAT as well as CAT weather, there was oftentimes a lot of hail with that and when the hail manifested itself, usually it was several months later and some cases even longer periods of time than that, and particularly last year what we saw when we had storm activity was first of all, an expectation on our part that the hail development would continue as we had been seeing it, and in fact what turned out to be the case was there was very little hail emersion, if you will, that came about.  So there’s nothing really different about the way we’re reserving, but it’s just using the facts and circumstances that emerge over time to come up with the best estimates and then revise those when new information comes up.
Jay Benet: Well, the basis upon which the capital management starts is with the operating company capital, so to the extent that you’re making—your earnings are creating capital that you don’t need, that is the basis for the share buybacks and the dividends. We’re always looking at other things that will free up capital. You might recall from a couple of years ago, we mentioned that we had reductions in the amount of reinsurance recoverables we had, or there was a sale of a runoff business, that both freed up capital. So we look for those kinds of opportunities, but those are things that may or not happen. The real juice, the real underlying current that gives rise to the ability to return capital, that’s the earnings. 
Jay Benet: Yeah, without getting into the specifics of it, yes is how we react to it. I mean, the way we react is we obviously have some very specific views as to what the components of the changes are, so in blowing apart that 20 basis points, we look at what is the impact of rate earned in versus loss trend, right, and how does that compare to prior quarters and are the trends that we had been seeing inherent in this number that we’re seeing here. The answer to that is yes.  We continue to earn in rate in excess of loss trends, and then the next obvious question is well, okay, if that’s the case, how come it’s not showing up? As you had said, this is a quarter where the weather has on a non-CAT basis as well as a CAT basis in an area like business insurance been much more of an impact than it was in the first quarter of last year. When you think about the weather this particular quarter with the winter storms, one of the questions that we had been mulling over here was if you look at the relationship of weather-related losses in BI versus PI, personal insurance, while it had weather events this quarter, they really kind of looked not all that dissimilar from where they had been in the prior year, and in the case of BI they were much higher both in terms of CAT and non-CAT. In looking further at that, we find that in business insurance, you’re dealing with insureds that have many more flat roofs that when there are ice storms and snowstorms sustain more damage than sloped roofs and homes that people own, and then secondarily you have a lot of sprinkler systems in businesses and when sprinkler systems freeze and then water damage results, the damage is extensive, much more so than the homeowners business. So in pulling all these things apart, we look at the data, we look at the relationships, we look at the causality and see that it all makes sense to us, and in this particular case what you are seeing are the 20 basis points of improvement, but it is really the rate in excess of loss trend benefit being offset in large measure by the weather.
Jay Benet: Yeah, there’s a combination of stories here. First of all, in business insurance, business insurance is where the benefit that we called out in the press release relating to the workers’ comp assessments is coming through, so that’s the lion’s share of what’s taking place here. We continue to manage expenses very, very carefully in business insurance, and we are getting some benefit of expense leverage here that is also contributing to the reduction that you’re seeing. But the primary driver in business insurance was the reevaluation of the estimated liability that we called out. In other areas, we have changes in commission rates that we’ve talked about that have come through, also the expense saves that we talked about in PI. So there’s lots of different stories, but it all goes back in most cases to a very diligent view as to how to manage expenses in those plays.
Jay Benet: As it relates to your question about the capital position and taking capital out of Canada, the first and foremost is looking at the opportunity that we have with Dominion to both integrate it, get it into the Travelers in as seamless a fashion as we can, and then take advantage of the business opportunities up in Canada. So we will maintain a capital base in Canada that will support those business activities, and your question is a good one but it’s complicated by both profitability and growth, and we’ll just manage it very carefully up there.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Jay Benet: Yeah, this is Jay Benet again. The state is New York State, and New York has been going through some rethinking of how they manage things associated with workers’ comp. You might recall from last year, I think it was in the first quarter, maybe the second—the first? We had had a change in the way certain reopened workers’ comp claims were funded, and that actually had a cost to us last year that went through prior year development. What New York State has done recently is change the way they fund the workers’ comp bureaus in New York, and effective 1/1 of this year instead of doing something that they had done historically – and without getting into all the complications associated with it – we had, along with others, charged policyholders surcharges in particular years and then collected those. That was the basis upon which we were supposed to be funding at a later time what the costs were that we were being assessed by New York State for operating their various bureaus. There was a disjoint, frankly, between what our surcharges were and what we were actually assessed by the State of New York, and at times we saw that assessment being higher than what we had collected and that caused us to look at our obligations for that and build up an estimated liability associated with that. When New York State changed the law effective 1/1, it didn’t change the surcharges we had collected; in fact, there was a true-up period where you looked back four years from that date, you looked at what you assessed in that time frame—I’m sorry, what the surcharges were in the time frame, what you had paid, and then settled up with New York. And we paid that, but what it did was it eliminated going forward this uncertainty as to a breakage, if you will, between the surcharges and the assessment. So this estimated liability for that breakage in effect was what we no longer required, and going forward the matching of the surcharges and the payments to New York State will be something that will be very definable, so there’s really no need for this estimated liability anymore. It’s a one-time thing. It’s a true-up, and it’s not something that will recur. 
Brian McLean: Yeah, so a couple points in there. When you look at that cohort, we will continue to move stuff up—we don’t have the crystal ball to know exactly when and what we’ll be able to do going forward. When we look at the results that we’ve seen in recent quarters, we are encouraged that we don’t see any change, so we continue to work it account-by-account.  You know, one of the things—you started with we kind of get as much as we can. The philosophy is a little different than that. We’re looking at these—in every cohort, there’s always a distribution of accounts. We’re looking account by account within that cohort. We’re trying to work with the customer and with the agent to come up with what’s the appropriate number for that account. In aggregate, we’ve been able to maintain at about that 20% rate increase level, but there’s a distribution of accounts within there, so we’ll continue to work at it. There will always be new business that we’ll write that will—you know, we don’t write new business planning for it to be in cohort five, but there will be some that will end up there. There will be other accounts that will have loss experience that will have them deterioriate and they’ll go down into cohort five; but as you can see from the data we showed, it is continuing to shrink so it will never get to zero. But right now, we feel pretty good that we are still able to take the actions we need to take on the accounts in that cohort, and where we can we’re happy to retain the business, and where we can’t we lose some of it.
Brian McLean: This is Brian. The short answer is no. Your comment of taking California comp as a backdrop, I don’t think I’d ever use California comp as a standard for things broadly across the book of business. So in our comp business and the other lines, really no significant movements at all this quarter from what we have been seeing historically.
Brian McLean: You know—yeah, I don’t think we want to go that granular in talking about specific trends. I mean, we’ve got a decent-sized book in California and continue to manage it on a granular basis and feel good about it, but—yeah. Everything, all those changes are reflected in the results that we’ve got in our book, so we would prefer not to delve that deeply into one state’s specific actions.
Brian McLean: It’s tough to forecast what we’re going to see. I mean, I think we feel great about our comp experience and the capabilities we have and the risk selection we’ve gone through, and feel confident that we’re appropriately recording the things as we see them today.
Brian McLean: Consistent with what our expectations have been. We’re not going to disclose specific numbers there – I don’t think we have in the past, but we—you know, you can read what’s going on in medical loss cost inflation broadly in society and in the economy, and it’s higher than normal inflation but something that’s consistent. I think for us, one of the things that is really fundamental to our success in this line is literally 20 years ago, we decided we were going to invest heavily in our abilities to manage the medical component of the comp claims, and I think we’ve got clearly industry-leading capabilities there and that really matters for us. So we’re obviously looking at what the trend is on our book, and I don’t know if that’s different than what other companies are seeing, but it’s clearly been within our expectations and something we watch very, very closely but right now feel good about.
Jay Fishman: Sure, Jay. We don’t compete in the reinsurance arena at all, actually, so I don’t have any particular insight into that segment or the dynamics around it. You all understand that, have a different view of that than I ever could, so I’ll leave that to your commentary. Our own situation is really unchanged, which is that we’ll look at anything because you always learn by whatever you look at, but our interest is very selective. We’ve achieved a level of performance and returns and profitability that we at least domestically don’t need to be any bigger to be successful. If we can be and continue to be successful, that’s fine. Being bigger and being less successful is a bad trade-off, so we’re always evaluating whatever we look at in the context of return on invested capital – on invested capital, importantly. It’s margins, profitability, all that, so I’d say that our interest domestically remains unchanged but relatively highly selective. We’ve always said that there were a few environments outside the United States that from a long-term perspective we were quite interested in. Brazil was one of them and we had the opportunity to partner with the Malucelli firm, and that transaction has gone just really well. In the context of a joint venture where so many things can go wrong, so many things in this one have gone right, and it’s really been a terrific experience. It’s actually reinvigorated my belief that you can actually do a joint venture and have both parties feel good about it and be successful and do good business. Canada was opportunistic in that there were very few acquisition candidates that were really available. This was a decision by the owner of Dominion to exit the business strategically. We were approached with a very small number of other people, and it moved us, as I commented before, I think the numbers were from 21st largest in Canada to now the 10th largest, but at 21st you’re not sustainable. It really becomes difficult to hire talented people, to invest in systems and infrastructure. I don’t mean to say that the people who worked for Travelers of Canada were not talented – they obviously were. It just puts a stress on the organization, so having the opportunity to acquire Dominion, and then most importantly – most importantly – there were two elements of it that were intriguing to us.  First, we thought they were on the right path to doing the right things to make their own business more profitable. We thought we could accelerate the time frame, that our skills, size and scale, and our experience that we’ve had could accelerate that. And then, the more intermediate and longer term aspect of taking our commercial products, exporting them up into Canada and using Dominion’s remarkable distribution organization to leverage, that remains just right clear in focus. It’s just so important for us to do.  I’ve expressed before, although I’m less optimistic that it will happen—you know, I’d love to find us in India in some way. The challenge there is that it takes a tremendous amount of time and investment – not dollars, because it’s a relatively small market, time and investment in people and infrastructure, management attention for a 26% ownership, and it’s difficult to make sense of that. If we had a higher degree of confidence that that regulatory prohibition would be lifted and it would become 49%, we’d be more aggressive. There are certainly plenty of partners in India who have raised their hand and have expressed interest in partnering with us, so the identification of a partner is not the issue. The issue is making real sense of an investment longer term. You know, we’re a P&C company – that’s what we’re going to be. There may be other environments that will pop up and we’ll take a look at. Continental Europe broadly is over-insured and under-returned, and doesn’t hold a lot of excitement for us, so it’s going to be case-by-case. We hope to use the venture in Brazil to look at other South American opportunities, so we’ll continue to find those spots where we think that our skills, the attributes, the partner’s ability to bring value to the transaction makes sense, and we’ll invest in it. So that’s as comprehensive an answer as I can give you.
Jay Fishman: Josh, it’s Jay Fishman. We’re not there – most definitively, we’re not there. In order to achieve our goal, and it’s not vague by intention, it’s vague because our business is simply not as precise as some people tend to think. This mid-teens ROE over time, to achieve that, you’re going to have to achieve periods of time where you exceed mid-teens, because there will be good weather, there will be bad weather, and that’s going to move back and forth. So we still have to make progress, so there’s no particular change in our approach, our philosophy, what we’re trying to achieve. Jay will tell you that if you take out the workers’ comp assessment change, that impacts ROE by – was it 90 basis points or something? By something like 90 basis points, so you can take the 14.6 and you can make it—you know, there are so many moving parts and so many unusual—unusual? Every quarter has unusual pluses and unusual minuses, and they just keep washing out over time. We have more to do if we’re going to get back on track. At this level of interest rate, I’m still not 100% convinced that it is achievable in today’s environment. We said several quarters ago – I’ll reiterate it today – it remains an aspirational goal. I think that it’s critical in an organization to express a strategic goal, and absent something fundamentally changing that’s permanent, sticking with it. It’s not just words that we use here in a webcast; it’s embedded in the systems by which we price product, it’s embedded in the systems by which we evaluate risk selection. It’s what people in the field, underwriters, understand their mission to be, so we don’t mess with it lightly. We leave it as is because it takes so long to get the DNA of an organization to reflect these strategic initiatives. We’ve got two things going on: interest rates remain at overall historical lows, and the weather patterns are simply less predictable than they were. Both of those remain, and we are not yet at the pricing level, so we’re going to keep going. I don’t know exactly how to quantify it – I really don’t. I’m not holding back. I don’t know how to quantify X-points of rate in various businesses and various product lines and help you—I wish we had that kind of granular understanding about returns and losses and the rest. I just don’t know how to do it. I just know that as I look at each quarter and analyze it and break it down, we’re still not there yet.
Jay Fishman: It’s Jay Fishman. In the aggregate, no. Were we to dive into the individual states where the product has been rolled out, what you would see – I’m trying to recall – almost universally, maybe that’s not exactly so, but you would see a meaningful increase in new business in each of those states. Because it’s only been out for a few months and it’s only still out in 28 states and the DofC, there is still some time to go before it evidences itself in our numbers.  I think the best that I could provide to you—this is not a budget, I want to make it clear. It’s not a budget; it is to some extent a guess on our part, and of course competitive reaction can change all of this. Our guess is that if we keep going at the pace and things remain as unchanged as they are now, that by the time we get to the fourth quarter of this year, we will achieve break-even status, meaning that in the fourth quarter the book will no longer be shrinking. So it will shrink again in the second quarter, it will shrink again in the third. By the time we get to the fourth, we should be able to hit break-even, and that gives you, I think, a sense of its intermediate term impact on a book of our size. Remember that it’s all new is coming out on 2.0. Dual is at the agent’s discretion based upon the individual customer’s need, and I’m being reminded her by everybody that in my comment about the fourth quarter is that that’s policies in force, not premium dollars. Policies in force should, we hope given everything we see, we’d project to flatten out in the fourth quarter.
Jay Fishman: And our pricing strategies, it’s similar to what we described earlier. Where there are accounts that have been poor performing or under-returned, we’ve been seeking rate gains to improve the profitability, and ultimately that will evidence itself in the numbers. So I’m not—yeah, other than that, do loss costs develop as we contemplate they will, that’s always the variable.
