Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Travelers' discussion of our 2016 third quarter results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our Web site at www.travelers.com, under the Investor section. Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chief Executive Officer; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will take questions. In addition, other members of senior management are in the room, including Michael Klein, Executive Vice President and President, Personal Insurance; Tom Kunkel, Executive Vice President and President, Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Greg Toczydlowski, Executive Vice President and President of Business Insurance. Before I turn it over to Alan, I'd like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks and responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement, and other materials that are available in the Investor section on our Web site, travelers.com. And now, Alan Schnitzer.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. We can now start the Q&A portion please. Before we get started, if I could please ask you to limit yourself to one question and one follow up, so we can get as many people on the call.
Gabriella Nawi: No, it’s just it’s such a great business and nobody ever ask questions. If we can inadvertent cheer for [indiscernible].
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you all for joining. And as always, we’re available for follow-up question and answer in Investor Relations, and we’ll be speaking with a number of you in the next few days. Thank you and have a great day.
Brian MacLean: So, Kai, it’s Brian MacLean and let me clarify just a couple of things. So the two points that I referenced in my comments are that the loss ratio is elevated. You went to the delta year-over-year. That’s about one point. So if you're thinking of where our combined ratio or loss ratio is relative to what it should be without it, it’s 200 basis points but the year-over-year change, only 100. Another thing that when speaking – a lot of our commentary was to loss ratio and importantly remember in this business, as we rolled out Quantum, it was really built around a pretty decent change to our cost structure. So the expense ratio is seeing some benefit and going forward will see more as volume increases. So if you're talking combined ratio, there is an expense ratio good guy in there. The basic dynamics of what you were mentioning though are the right components.
Brian MacLean: So this is Brian, let me do a couple of pieces of that. First, when we look at claim experience across our business and we see it in personal lines, in recently written business, legacy long tenured business across pretty much the entire spectrum of customer profile and we see it in our commercial business from small to large trucking, that tells that this isn’t something specific to our underwriting some product we have a marketplace. So it would be in our view highly unlikely that we’d see it that broad based and have it be just our issue. I would also talk to – I would completely agree with the comment that auto liability, any liability line of business, it’s hard to see clarity in the near term. And so we’re constantly watching these events. I am very confident though that we’re as on top of this as anybody. And for reference I’d say look back to commentary we had going back as far as 2011, 2012 into 2013. We were talking about liability trends, what we were seeing in the auto product relative to distracted driving relative to increased litigation relative to increased utilization of medical diagnostic tools and the impacts on bodily injury. And to be totally honest, there were a couple of years there where we were getting a lot of questions from folks on this call about why are you seeing something that no one else is talking about? And over the years, I think everybody has been talking about it. So I’m not saying that we’ve got it perfectly right or we ever do, but we’re looking at the trends very, very closely. And what we’ve seen in the last three or four accident quarters has been somewhat of an elevation, as we said, particularly on the lower end of the claim size but driving more complexity.
Brian MacLean: The other thing I would add, Ryan, this is Brian is when you really look at the commercial exposure, when you’re thinking of smaller claims that could be more of a PI thing. So the actual – we did have some activity on the severity side in BI this quarter. The dollars were actually less than PI. Obviously, as Alan said, the percentage was dramatically less. We actually had a little bit of good news from frequency in the current year; again, small dollars. So you don’t see the impact as much, so a bunch of different factors going into it.
Alan Schnitzer: Kai, it’s Alan. As to the outlook, you're right. We did suggest it was going down slightly and we’ve identified in the outlook three moving pieces. One, a lower level of loss activity just returning to a more normal level, rate versus trend as given our outlook for rate and loss trend and that's offset by the continued adverse impact to tenure.
Alan Schnitzer: Kai, we anticipated that and we’re happy to give you an early range but I do want to indicate that we’re just three weeks post storm, so it’s still early for us. And it could be influenced from here through the end of the quarter by large BI claims that come up that we haven’t identified yet. So we would say our range at this point is $75 million to $150 million and that’s pre-tax. And again, the risk factor going forward is going to be claims that we haven’t seen or don’t know of yet but they could come in between now and the end of the quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: Randy, it’s Alan. I’d say you got it right sort of across the board. Generally speaking, we are seeing a high level of severity generally in the smaller claims and it’s a little bit more aggressive litigation and a little bit more complexity in those smaller cases. You can’t turn on the TV without seeing some kind of advertisement from the trial bar, so it’s hard to pinpoint it with a high degree of specificity, but generally all those things.
Alan Schnitzer: In some cases, there are more accidents of the vehicles and in some cases that is driving it. And generally we can just tell you that we see the same phenomenon across both books, commercial and personal.
Alan Schnitzer: I would also add. It didn’t take us completely by surprise. Our loss PIPs [ph] had anticipated some increased severity. This was just a tick higher than we anticipated.
Alan Schnitzer: That’s exactly right. We’re trying to get the right price on the right account. And based on that and the market reaction will determine the degree to which we grow.
Alan Schnitzer: There was a very little bit of adverse in the fourth quarter. It’s obviously in the overall net PYD number, but it’s a very small think after-tax single-digit number.
Alan Schnitzer: And the answer to that is in the overall net number of prior year developments, there is a single digit after-tax million dollar number in the fourth quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: And there always is in PYD over the various accident years if you’re going one way or another and the aggregate of those things was zero.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s hard to answer that. I certainly can’t answer that question for anybody else. You can see what our pricing has done and in our pricing, the headline number you see is really the aggregate of the many thousands of transactions that we complete during the quarter. And you can see that it picked up a little bit. I will tell you that generally speaking, we feel like we are achieving the written margins that we’re seeking to achieve today and feel pretty good about their product returns given where the tenure is. We do give you some outlook in the 10-Q for underwriting margins. So we’ll see where the market goes.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Jay, we always give the same answer to that question. I can’t tell you whether we will or we won’t but I can tell you that I think our shareholders should demand that we have a view on what the attractive businesses are in every market that we operate in or might want to operate in and have a view on whether we won’t to do them. We do think that we’ve come together over a couple of decades through a lot of transactions. We feel like it’s a competitive advantage for us. We’re good at finding them. We’re good doing the diligence. We’re good at negotiating them. We’re good at integrating them. So we feel highly qualified to do it and under the right terms and conditions, interested in doing it. Having said that, over the years we’re also highly attentive to the risks; you buy the entire balance sheet, you buy system issues, you buy people issues. So we’re very – I’d say we’re very aware on both sides of the analysis. But we are certainly interested in doing things if we can get them done on the right terms. And generally speaking for us, those are – we think about it through the lens of returns. Will a transaction improve our return profile and/or will it improve our volatility. And so that’s the lens and we’re always interested in looking.
Alan Schnitzer: Jay, I wouldn’t make any distinction between a large deal and a small deal. All I can tell you is what the lens is through which we would evaluate it.
Alan Schnitzer: Charles, it’s Alan. I do appreciate the question and why you want to know and also I’d just thank you for acknowledging the fact that we do give a lot of color and texture and we try to be very thoughtful about that. This is one that we think a lot about and we think it’s hard to do for a couple of reasons. One is, weather is just inherently unpredictable. There’s a lot of volatility obviously and we don’t know. We do have a plan. We do price for weather, but that reflects generally speaking longer term trends. So we just don’t feel like it would be particularly meaningful for us to give you a plan for next quarter or next year just given the volatility. So we shy away from getting that specific relative to our expectations. But what I will tell you in case it’s helpful is one a year-to-date basis for the company, weather was about – non-cat weather was about $70 million worse after-tax than it was in the prior year. So I know that’s not exactly what you asked for. Maybe that’s a little bit of color that would be helpful. But we’re just a little bit hesitant to start giving you plan numbers.
Alan Schnitzer: I guess we’re looking at each other trying to understand exactly what it is you’re asking. If you’re looking for a view on fourth quarter, we’re not really inclined to give any information about the fourth quarter yet.
Alan Schnitzer: So let’s go back a few years to where we were three or four years ago or two or three years ago when this business was shrinking in double digits. So we put Quantum Auto in and we took a lot of cost out, and we’ve dramatically improved the overall profile of the business. So we shouldn’t lose sight of that. This has been a big success. And a lot of the growth you’re seeing is high in percentage terms, because it’s off a smaller base after a couple years of shrinking. So, that’s I think just important context to keep in mind. We don’t go out there and try to manage the growth. We try to go out there based on everything that we see and price for the return that we’re looking for. And based on the market, we’ll grow or we won’t grow. We feel very good about the growth. Maybe we don’t have it exactly right, maybe we’ll have to adjust, I’m not really sure and honestly we could be adjusting up or down, not really sure. And this isn’t unusual for any line of business that we have. As I said before, cost trends are going to change for one reason or another. We’ve got other trends in other parts of our business that have emerged favorably. And so we watch these things, we think having the diagnostics and the ability to understand it, to diagnose it, to price for it is what’s really important.
Alan Schnitzer: I would say continued stable environment, no real change in the trends. Obviously, we had a couple of court cases in Florida that the overall market has reacted to and we’ve reacted to. Those dollars weren’t enormous for us. I think last year we had something on the order of $34 million, $35 million pre-tax that we added the reserves for those two court cases, so relatively minor for us. But other than that, no real trends from workers’ comp.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, what I’ll tell you is on the business insurance side, the proportion of premium that comes from auto is just much smaller than the same is true for the PI segment. So overall, the numbers are just less significant to that segment. There were some small numbers but nothing all that significant. The other thing I’d point out is on the commercial line side, we have more flexibility to change pricing more quickly than we do on the personal line side.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so a couple of things and again this is back to the theoretical example. Although not possible, if you keep growing – you keep trying to chasing it, but if you keep growing with business that you believe has lifetime value that’s meeting your returns, then it’s all a good thing. And I get that that’s a theoretical comment. We’re not going to disclose exactly what the timing is, because that would lead someone to be able to triangulate exactly how we’re pricing in the returns that we’re – specific returns we’re targeting. But the answer is, it’s kind of a function of what do you think is going to happen to our growth. It’s not going to reverse in the next year or two. It’s going to take a while to play out. The other thing that is certainly worth noting is we talk a lot about the ratio. As we grow and it performs, we’re generating profit dollars that are incremental to the franchise and obviously that’s a good thing.
Alan Schnitzer: There was a re-estimation in the quarter, yes, and it was an improvement loss ratio of 2.3 points. And so that’s when you pull the first two quarters back in and add what’s into the third quarter. So, yes, that’s correct.
Michael Klein: Sure. This is Michael. I would say the impact on growth will depend upon how our pricing actions compare to those taken in the marketplace. What I can tell you and it’s very incremental, but if you look at the production statistics on the webcast, you’ll see our pricing rise quarter-over-quarter relative to where we were in 2015, and yet the growth has increased. So our view of where we sit currently is while we have taken some price increases above where we were running, our competitive position so far has actually remained consistent, if not improved and you’re seeing actually increased growth this quarter relative to the couple of quarters before. To the degree that we’re right about this being environmental and we think it is, we believe the marketplace will respond and we think that our pricing actions will be sort of absorbed in the market. Could it have an impact on growth, it certainly could. But again, to the degree we think it’s environmental we think we’ll be in line what’s going on in the marketplace.
Michael Klein: What I would say to that is we are addressing what we’re seeing with our pricing actions and focused on making sure we’ve got the right price in the marketplace. The growth will be what it will be as a result, but our focus is on getting the right terms and conditions in the market to respond to this change that we’ve just seen.
Michael Klein: This is Michael Klein, offset by other items so there is no adverse prior year development in auto. That number is zero.
Michael Klein: Charles, this is Michael. I would say that we have been putting some rate into the market, first of all, throughout the year. The filed rate has started to rise in the quarter. I would say the growth in the quarter reflects some of that activity but just a little bit, and there’s more to come.
Michael Klein: Michael, this is Michael. I would just say, so for context on that underlying right, Brian talked about the fact that there’s a point of impact from tenure year-on-year in that number. The other thing is if you take the bodily injury severity number and decompose that 45 million by quarter, it’s about 1.5 on a run rate basis for the year-to-date. That 1.5 we expect to go forward into the fourth quarter. And the other thing I would say, just clarification on the fourth quarter outlook, the fourth quarter outlook says that we expect the combined ratio to be higher in the fourth quarter. There is a seasonality impact underneath that number, right. The combined ratio and the loss ratio in the fourth quarter run higher in the fourth quarter than they do in the first three quarters of the year. And so that’s part of what’s underneath that outlook number as well.
Michael Klein: This is Michael. I would say what we’ve said is that auto severity uptick is about 1.5 on a run rate basis. We assume that continues on a go-forward basis. There’s always a risk it could change from here, it could change up, it could change down. When you look at the outlook, the outlook reflects the comments we’ve made this morning that we’re responding with price, and so the outlook I think literally says we believe price will exceed loss trend, which will be a good guy. The outlook says I believe that offsets some continued adverse impact from tenure. And then the other big component is an expectation about more normalized loss levels, which relates a little bit to the non-cat weather conversation we’ve been having this morning and just a broader more consistent expectation on the loss level. So, again, I think the pricing and the outlook anticipate that the bodily injury severity, the higher levels of bodily injury severity are with us going forward but we’re responding with price and believe that we’ll get price ahead of loss trend in '17.
