Michael Klein: This is Michael Klein. So in terms of the underlying, you see the 3.2 points on Page 18. When we talked about that last quarter, we talked about the fact that the full year impact of that in 2016 was about 3.5 points. The fact that 3.2 versus 3.5, there's some quarterly fluctuation in what that number will be quarter to quarter, but underlying coming into the year, we've got a 3.5 point gap that as we talked about last quarter we're working to close. The amount to which that starts to get reduced will, again, as we talked about, sort of earn in over 18 to 24 months as the rate comes through. So there's a couple of things going on there. There's the rate that we're taking that will eventually eat into that 3.5 points, but there's certainly an unfavorable year over year comparison for the first three quarters of this year because we don't have the full 3.5 points recognized till you get to the basis of the full year 2016.
Michael Klein: Sure, Jay. This is Michael Klein. So the one thing I would point out about policy in force growth, particularly if you're looking at that 12% year on year number, is that's really a lagging indicator of growth. So think of the 12% as the 12 month weighted average of the growth we've seen over the last 12 months, right? It's this year's policy in force in the quarter relative to the first quarter of last year. So there's built into that 12% number, primarily is the growth we saw last year. That said, Brian mentioned growth decelerated within the quarter. So what you'll see as you look forward and what we expect is that annual policy in force growth number will come down, but it will come down relatively slowly, again, because of sort of the embedded volume already in the back half of 2016. To Brian's comments about growth decelerating in the quarter, we've seen and you can look at it in the production statistics, a bit of a drop in renewal retention in response to the rate. But also importantly, we're essentially where we expected to be. We continue to see win rates come down as we put rate into the marketplace. And then equally importantly, we talked about at bats last quarter, the efforts we've undertaken to take underwriting action and manage the flow of quote volume into the business have started to take hold, and so where it's actually seeing our quote activity and our win rates come down consistent with expectation and the growth continue to moderate.
Michael Klein: Sure, Kai, this is Michael. Couple of comments and one, just to remind everybody, there is also seasonality in the overall underlying combined ratio in Personal Insurance. So the 98.6% for the first quarter is reflective of, generally speaking, a lower underlying loss ratio in the first quarter than for the balance of the year. So I just wanted to clarify that point. In terms of the 1.5 or so drag from tenure, you're right, that will mitigate over time. But remember that it's not just the new business we've just recently written. It's the cohorts of business we've written over the last couple of years, earning their way through the book. So as we've talked about in the past, the reduction in the tenure impact is something that we measure in years, not quarters. So it will take a while for that to roll off.
Michael Klein: Yes. So Randy, it's Michael. The actual development is consistent with the re-pricing assumptions, whether that's the 3.5 points of elevated bodily injury losses that are now in the underlying or whether it's the elevated level of loss trend that we talked to you about in the fourth quarter that we added to our pricing. So as we sit here today, the experience in the first quarter of 2017 developed consistent with those expectations. The only thing I just want to add a point back to the question from Kai, and I think it was implied in my answer, but the 1.5 of tenure impact that we're talking about year on year is year on year, and therefore, that's not the full amount of tenure impact, right? There's -- there was tenure impact in the base in 2016, the 1.5 point is an additional 1.5 point on top of that, just to clarify. But to your question, the experience thus far this year has been consistent with both the elevated starting point and the elevated trend that we factored into our expectations.
Michael Klein: Sure. So just a couple of points. First of all, in 2016, we gained share ever so slightly, 0.1 point based on the growth that we experienced last year. Certainly, coming into this quarter, you see the TIF growth at 12%, you see the period to period TIF growth at 2%. We would view in the first quarter, our growth probably outpacing the market. That said, our objective is to improve profitability and manage growth. So our the glide path we're trying to move the business down is one to reduce the growth rate but continue to grow as we manage profitability. What that amounts to in terms of market share really depends on what happens with the other players in the marketplace. We would tell you that the pricing actions that we're putting into market, again, consistent with our view of the loss trends being environmental, we're not alone in terms of driving rate. But what that ultimately amounts to in terms of share, we'll have to wait and see.
Michael Klein: Yes. So Elyse, it's Michael, to your point I'll start with expense ratio. We continue to manage expenses on a pretty disciplined basis inside PI, and we're enjoying the benefit of the increased volume over relatively flat expense base. And that continues to be our plan going forward. In terms of the other components of loss ratio, it's really normal period-to-period fluctuation. There's nothing -- there's some puts and takes underneath that, but it's really normal period-to-period fluctuation has explained those other changes in the underlying.
Michael Klein: Yes, again, I would say, broadly speaking, frequency and severity in the first quarter came in consistent with our expectation. I think, we talk about the impact of the weather, and we'll talk about warm temperatures, above freezing in cold months, can give you sometimes higher speeds and higher severity. Cold temperatures below freezing will give you ice and will give you more high frequency, low severity bumping into things. But you see those period-to-period fluctuations, and again, that's part of my point in the response to Elyse, is we got just normal period-to-period fluctuations, but we didn't see anything in the first quarter significantly different than our expectations.
Jay Benet: Hi. This is Jay Benet. Let me start by saying what we always remind people of. That is, that every quarter, we're looking at, literally, all the reserves, doing lots of analysis and when there's an indication that the reserves needs to change, we make those changes. So we always try to get and always get our best estimate of what those reserves are on a quarter by quarter basis. We've seen things take place in all of the segments that in different quarters have led to mostly favorable development, although we did have a little unfavorable development in Personal Insurance last year. So I don't look at the reserves and try to predict anything in terms of patterns, in terms of intent, in terms of how things are going to emerge. I think of it more as episodic, and that we had large -- larger reserve development in Bond & Specialty last year versus a smaller amount this year. I just look at, that's just what the data said, and we'll see what the data brings in subsequent quarters.
Jay Benet: Yes. Jay, this is Jay. The way we manage capital, as you recall, we're preserving capital for organic growth in our business and for any kind of activity that would add to shareholder value over time. So what we looked at here was a relatively modest acquisition, given the size of Travelers. But it does impact the resource space that we have. So in this particular case, what we've decided to do in the first quarter was just hold back a little bit on share repurchases. We know we have an obligation that this thing will close later in the year. We never rely on capital markets being favorable or open or whatever. We take a very conservative look. So all we've done is held back some funds to be able to unequivocally close on the transaction. As we said before, as we get closer to finalizing our financing plans for it, which will be a combination of debt and some of the internal capital, we'll make a final determination as to what the capital level should be, and then return the remaining excess. So I wouldn't look into it as anything other than some cash planning on our part, and no change whatsoever in the whole capital management strategy in the place.
Jay Benet: Simply Business, will be part we expect it to be part of the Business Insurance segment. So it'll be there, but we'll see how we'll present that. I mean, it'll be part of the segment, it'll be wrapped in. But again, and just in terms of the size of the Business Insurance segment, Simply Business will be a pretty small piece of that.
Alan Schnitzer: Jay, it's Alan. I would just emphasize what Michael said that we were generally able to achieve what we wanted to achieve, and we generally are where we expected to be. So a quarter past, what we talked to you about last quarter, so far so good.
Alan Schnitzer: Sarah, good morning. It's Alan. I would say, broadly speaking, we haven't seen any significant changes in loss trend in really any of our commercial businesses. And I think you mentioned propensity to litigate. That's not exactly right. What we've seen is a little bit of an increase in attorney representation. And that, actually, we're typically seeing it at smaller less complex cases. So not necessarily increased litigation, just a factor that takes longer to settle the cases and sometimes results in ordering more medical diagnostics, things like that. That's impacting severity. But that's actually not new. We've been seeing that manifest itself on our commercial businesses probably over a couple of years. But I would say, broadly speaking, Sarah, no real change in what's been a pretty favorable loss trend environment. Now in terms of the way we think about that and price and set reserves, we always assume things will return to longer-term normal, but I would say, maybe with the exception of Auto that's been persistently difficult, really no change.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, first of all, we'd have to keep going. And I guess I'd step back, Sarah, and I would say that what we were able to do in the quarter reflects what we were trying to do in the quarter. It was very small, very thoughtful, very subtle shifts, and it's just a reflection of what we thought we needed to do, given what's happened to interest rates and where pricing has been relative to loss trends over a couple of years now. And so we were really encouraged by what we were able to accomplish, and we'll see where that goes in the future. I would point out that we've told you in Business Insurance broadly, loss trends about 4%. Rate would not need to get to 4% in order to be flat because, as we've said before, there's real economic impact from incremental exposure that we're getting. And there's other levers we can pull to improve profitability. And we've talked about those before, terms and conditions, mix, expenses, claims handling, other strategic investments. So all those things add up, Sarah.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure, Kai. Good morning. Thanks for the question. We've been thinking about everything changing in the world for a long time. And clearly, one of the things changing most significantly and maybe poised to have the biggest impact on us is the world becoming more digital and more mobile. And so every aspect of our business has to get more digital and more mobile. And so that's the way we engage with our customers, the way we engage with our agents. We've got to be there when and however they want. It's the way we manufacture our products and underwrite our risks. It's the way we market our products. It's the way we manage our internal operations. It's about creating a better experience really for all of our constituencies, internally and externally. We've got to be faster, we've got to be more efficient and we've got to be more flexible. So we look around the world, and we think how are we going to develop those capabilities? And we've got two choices: we can develop it internally or we can see who's great at it, and see if we can bring that expertise in-house. And so you scan the world, and we see Simply Business. They've been a hugely successful customer-focused technology company for a dozen years. So it's not a startup. They've been at this a long time, and they've got a real demonstrated success in this. They've got technological capabilities, they've got know-how, a winning approach to innovation, all things that we think that we'll benefit from. And so we were going to develop these capabilities as I said, one way or another, and it turns out that we thought that the best solution for finding those capabilities and bringing them in-house in terms of where they resided, a great cultural fit, and who we actually think the market leader is, it was Simply Business and they happen to be in the UK That fits nicely with us. We've got a business in the UK We've got a very small budding direct Small Commercial business there. Fits nicely. And even before we had started conversations with Simply Business, they had made a decision to bring their model to the United States. So that's even before early stage. I would say that's just getting started. But our ability to help them accelerate that in the U.S., I think was really attractive to them and the capabilities they bring to us is attractive to us. So it started in the UK, and we'll bring it to the U.S. and potentially other geographies.
Alan Schnitzer: It really is a way -- it's -- this is completely born out of the way that we plan to manage the business and really, it's the opportunity we think we have to leverage our terrific know-how and capabilities in the U.S. to deliver those capabilities outside of the U.S. It's really -- not that that's not significant, but it's nothing more significant than that. It's not a different approach the way we think about the opportunity outside the U.S., it's just a different approach to how we think we can best deliver our capabilities. And we've been on a journey for eight or so years now in trying to invest in and improve our international businesses. We've invested in technology, we've invested in talent, we've -- we're running a better railroad, and we've had a lot of success. And so the leadership that's brought us there will continue to be actively involved in managing those businesses as a portfolio. We'll have an ongoing obligation to manage those companies on a standalone basis, because we've got regulated entities in the various countries, and we'll continue to do that with the great leadership that has always done that. But we've got an opportunity with the talent and the capabilities in the U.S. to just do a better job of leveraging that outside of the U.S.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, it's -- we've always had a matrix reporting structure, and we'll continue to have a matrix reporting structure of the international business and our the people that run the countries will continue to report to Kevin Smith, and he'll have responsibility for that. But beneath that organizational alignment, we'll look at Greg Toczydlowski for Business Insurance and Tom Kunkel for Bond & Specialty and Michael Klein for Personal Insurance, and they will, on a matrix basis, manage their product delivery outside the United States. It's not it's actually not that different than the way we've thought about it all along. It's just an opportunity to reinforce the engagement on a product level.
Alan Schnitzer: And Randy, we don't really manage to market share, we manage to returns, profitability, balancing that with growth, and market share will fall out of that.
Alan Schnitzer: So Elyse, RPC obviously includes rate and exposure. And so it's a broader measure, and there's obviously a corridor around the words "broadly consistent." And so we're probably not going to break that down into pure rate and exposure. Obviously, we thought we needed to get more pure rate in the first quarter. And as I said, we were encouraged, we were able to do that. I will say that the trends that lead us to do that, namely a lower interest rate environment and where rate has been for a while relative to loss trends, those trends still persist out there, and so we'll have to take that into account. And so we'll take it from there. Obviously, we operate in a competitive marketplace, and so that will be a factor. So we're encouraged and then we'll see where it goes.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, good morning, Ryan. So we manage the business on a very granular level with a return objective in mind. And we had a bunch of years going back to 2010 or '11, where we had a rising rate environment and that put us in a very good position in terms of where our earned and written returns were. And since, I don't know, beginning of 2014 or so, we've been in an environment where rate's been below loss trend, and we've had low, continued low interest rate environment. I think the 10-year this morning was slightly over 2.2% or something like that. And so over time those things have an impact. And while today, we're satisfied with our [written] returns, we look out the windshield into the future and see where things are going, and it causes us to, again, very selectively, very thoughtfully in a way that we think makes sense, given our portfolio, our returns, working with our distribution partners in a way that's never intended to be disruptive to them or our customers. We try to improve the return outlook. And not everywhere, I made the point, in our Select business was in a different position from our return perspective. And we were happy to take the rate where it was, where it's been over recent quarters, and so it's just very granular execution with the return objective in mind.
Alan Schnitzer: And to the extent that we do keep it and improve profitability from an economic perspective, it'll be a good thing in terms of creating economic value.
Alan Schnitzer: Nothing significant. There's been a lot written about securities class actions being up and the numbers may be up. I would say as it relates to us, we've got a very diversified Management Liability book. We manage positions in the tower and limits very carefully. And the activity that we've seen that's been at elevated levels is in industries where we're under-weighted. It's been biotech, pharma, health care, and we're under-weighted there. I'd also add that as you look at that commentary out there that suggests that numbers of security class actions are up, sometimes the methodology in counting the cases distorts the numbers. You've got to look at cases that were previously brought in state court that are now being brought in federal court for reasons you'd have to ask a plaintiff's bar about, but you really have to look at the aggregate of those two numbers to see the trends in claim counts.
Alan Schnitzer: And just to state the obvious, when you look at the consolidated number for prior periods, there will be no change, right? It'll be modest reallocation among the segments, but relatively small impact.
Brian MacLean: Well, and specifically, this is Brian. When you think of the first quarter cat activity, it's the tornado hail and specifically the hail that is driving the numbers. And that is usually the case. So especially in Auto, hail will bring about an immediate uptick. And that's what we saw in March, as Alan pointed out.
Brian MacLean: No, Larry, we're not. I mean, as we've talked about over the past several quarters, we're slicing and dicing it 18 ways to Sunday. But from a quality perspective, the quality of the business, the profile of the business is very consistent with what we targeted when we designed and developed and launched the Quantum Auto 2.0 product. Again, the profile of the business coming in doors is consistent with what we've been looking for. We continue to evaluate and examine that tenure impact and make sure that the business is tenuring consistent with our expectations. And so to your point from a long-term economic value perspective, it's tracking with our expectations. Again, we would have liked to have charged more for it, but that is really the primary conclusion. And that's why the strategy to improve the profitability is to go after it with base rate.
Brian MacLean: Yes. So thanks, Brian. And I always preface our comments with we feel great about our Workers' Comp capabilities. We clearly feel we're the industry leader. We've got, between our underwritten book and our service book, the largest portfolio in the industry. So we know the line well. We know the difficulty there can be with any long-tail line and more than any business we have, incredibly granular, industry-by-industry, state-by-state, account-size-by-account-size. So we look at that a lot. Yes, pricing is -- so directionally, there is definitely good news on the loss trend side, now it's a very long tail line of business. So short-term movements in loss trend get blended in as we look at long-tail loss trend. But loss trends have been positive, but pricing is reacting and probably overreacting to that in the marketplace. So we're looking at it very closely. There has been some disruption with carriers out there in the market, and we are looking at that business closely. It's still got to meet the economic hurdles that we have in the profitability, so to the extent that there are opportunities out there that we think we can write at appropriately prices, and we're excited about it. But we'll look into that closely.
Brian MacLean: Just procedurally, one of the things we're in the process of doing is reconstituting the 10-K information as well as the supplement. So just in line with your question, we'll be providing this kind of data to you in advance of the webcast for the second quarter. We expect late in the second quarter to get the information out into the public. But I think when you look at the overall size of the various segments versus the size of the international operations, I think the impact on the combined ratios will generally be pretty modest.
