Jay Fishman: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. Given the very substantial second quarter weather losses for the entire property casualty industry of course for us, we were pleased with our performance this quarter reporting net income of a $1.35 per diluted share, an increase of 6% from last year's quarter and a return on equity of 10.1%. Recognizing that our operating income of $1.39 per diluted share is about $0.11 below consensus estimates, I would like to make the following observations. First, the $0.11 differential equates to approximately $50 million after tax. I point out that for the first six months of the year we have an excess of $1.3 billion. Secondly, the shortfall was attributable to second quarter weather losses which aggregated $285 million after tax or $0.58 per diluted share. To put that cost in context, we estimate for catastrophes for the second quarter included in our previously provided guidance was $92 million after taxes or $0.19 per diluted share. As best as we can tell consensus estimates included $0.22 per diluted share for second quarter catastrophe losses. To put the first half weather losses in context, we have already recorded $597 million of after tax catastrophe losses or $1.19 per diluted share. The methods used to estimate our expected annual catastrophe losses indicate an expected annual loss of $390 million after tax or $0.80 per diluted share for the entire 2010 year. So we have been after just six months we are now well in excess of our expected annual loss estimate for the full year. Recognizing that we do not control the timing of weather, we just take these events in stride. There have been periods where catastrophe losses have been exceptionally low such as in 2006 and 7 and there were times when they ran abnormally high. We praise our product for the long term and weather will occur when it does. We do not believe this high level of catastrophe loss is in any way a result of changed underwriting standards or reinsurance practices and Brian is going to have more to say about our cap losses later. Third, the quarter also benefited from $251 million or $0.51 per diluted share of favorable reserve development. Again as best as we can tell consensus estimate s for the quarter included $0.23 per diluted share of favorable reserve development. And just a reminder because development is so unpredictable we do not include it in any of our guidance. In terms of the operating environment for the second quarter, we remain quite pleased with our performance in our personal insurance segment both auto and home owners. Given the amount of discussion at this time last year on our agency auto business, we are particularly pleased with the improving rate of change of policies enforced in personal insurance. Profitability in the first half improved versus last year and we are pleased that the actions taken to improve profitability which we spoke to you about this time last year are coming through in the results. In our commercial businesses the operating environment really remained very similar to last quarter. Retention rates remained quite strong and rate on renewal business remained positive but it was at a lower level than in the first quarter. The negative impact of the economy on net written premiums has moderated somewhat from recent quarters and we are hopeful that this bodes well for future economic growth. We repurchased $1.4 billion of our common stock in the quarter and since the second quarter of 2006 we have now repurchased over $12 billion of our common stock. As these actions demonstrate, we continue to execute successfully in the marketplace, generate solid earnings and return excess capital to our shareholders. Given that municipal bonds have been receiving a lot of attention lately, we felt we would take a few minutes this morning to have Bill Heyman take the truth strategy and the tactical positioning behind our muni portfolio and demonstrate why we are comfortable with what we own. Our investment team has applied to our municipal portfolio the same very thoughtful approach to risk and reward that served us exceptionally well during the capital market crises over the last several years. I am sure you will find it helpful. And with that let me turn it over to Jay.
Jay Fishman: I'll take the first and I'll ask Greg to take on the second. First I think our exposure data is actually largely in sync with what we see as to GDP changes broadly. We're not seeing growth, what we're actually seeing is a leveling out and I think that there are some measures that would suggest that the economy is actually expanding modestly. There are some that would suggest that – there are some that would suggest that that it has flattened. And that's largely at this point what our aggregate data say. There will be some pluses and some minus in various businesses. But the exposure change that we saw in the second quarter across all of our commercial businesses in the aggregate was getting close to zero. And I think if you asked anyone from an economic perspective what do they see, they would largely say that at the very least we flattened out. So we don't see it as in consistent, maybe there is something else that you see, but that's kind of our take on.
Jay Fishman: And that's less about – (inaudible) speak to that point about being it less about the economies and the way our policies work.
Jay Fishman: Somewhat unpredictable because we're doing with a psychology of our buyers and their willingness in effect you have a carry for a period of time, premium relative to expose your change, we of course factor that into our pricing, it's not a surprise to us. But that one may snapback faster because it is predominantly psychologically driven more than the overall genuine exposure which really is an economic dynamic.
Jay Fishman: Sure. And, I guess, I'd direct you back to the conversations we've had previously about the credit crunch analysis and I'd say that probably the way that we're at it is it's stable. So hasn't been a lot of change. The release probably comes from six or eight years from '01 to '08 and the actuaries go through the data every quarter and they are making lots of estimates and judgments based on a lot of – a lot of cases that are still really at a state of infancy. So I would think, broadly speaking, no change.
Jay Fishman: Yes. So far this year, I think we've got probably close to a 100 institutions that are being taken over about 96. We've got 33 of both.
Jay Fishman: There's been 96 institutions the FDIC has taken over. We're on about 33 of those, our average expose limits to those are about $4.5 million. So broadly speaking, it's developed since last year as we would have expected it to.
Jay Fishman: I'd make a very important point. We don't utilize PCSF in the mix to make our estimates of losses from those events. Our losses are based upon what you're accruing are based upon claim notices, claims filed, and our people on the ground. So it's – the important point here is that while we believe that history again suggest the PCF data will develop negatively, historically, our estimates have actually been pretty good relative to catastrophe points.
Jay Fishman: Jay, Brian's going to answer your question on the reserve development. But, I'll just make an observation that we really try hard to get it right, because the issue is actually how we priced our product to the extent that we end up overstating our loss costs going into a product offering than we're pricing it higher that we otherwise would have to and we become less competitive relative to someone who takes a different view. So it always feels good when it happens. Of course, it feels terrific when your results are impacted this way and certainly it's a whole lot better than underestimating the loss cost, which means, you're under pricing your product and that's really a disaster. But we really try hard to get it right, because in the end, what we're about is trying to grow a business and getting it right is what's going to help us do that the best. Now your points are relevant, we've had a long stretch year of significant development and Brian or Jay or –
Jay Fishman: I understand the question, I think, anyway. I, at first, I certainly don't think that the insurance industry ignores investment returns as we price our products, we are driven by available investment returns in the marketplace. When – shortly after the crisis, when the world sort of settled back down and we were confronted with a different kind of fixed income environment than had existed , the real question was will you go into knee jerk react to a changing interest rate environment, causing disruption to agents, brokers, customers and all of your distribution. Who are you going to take a deep breath and see what would happen to investment returns over time. I've spoken about this earlier, it was our decision to take this in the longer view and not to knee jerk. Now 18 months ago and attempt to drive pricing up in some very dramatic fashion, I think that would have been not only highly disruptive, but candidly not very successful. That would be a strategy that I think would have failed. Now I think, and again, this is how we perceive it, you can certainly ask other companies what their view is. It may very well be that this economic malaise, such as it is, is longer rather than shorter and it may very well that this investment environment is a consequence, longer rather than shorter. And we are in, as I said the early stages of really thinking through the implications of that. It's a long view – we speak about returns over time. We try hard not to get tangled up and candidly this quarter, next quarter. But we managed this business to generate returns over time, and one of the questions that we long to ask ourselves is, in the investment environment that's available and given other investments? We recognize that we compete against other investments, including investments that are fixed income. We have land numbers of 3% yield at the moment, what are the implications of that? How do we think about our company? And what do we strive to produce for investors in a very different investment environment that existed even a couple of years ago. And it's a very legitimate question and we're ankle-deep in it at the moment as we try and weigh our weight through it. It's complex. Obviously, no one company can adopt the strategy that's disruptive in the marketplace and thinks somehow that it will be successful. We operate in a very competitive environment. So you have to balance all of those factors. More to follow, I just know immediate, clear answers about that issue, but a very relevant question.
Jay Benet: Thanks, Jay. There are a few points based on the data contained on pages 4 through 7 of the webcast that I would like to highlight this quarter. First is our strong balance sheet. All capital leverage and liquidity measures remained at or better than target levels. Second is the repurchase of $1.4 billion of our common shares this quarter and the payment of $173 million in common stock dividends. This brings a total cash we returned to our shareholders to $3.1 billion in the first half of this year. Holding company liquidity of $2.4 billion at the end of the quarter down as planned from the $3 billion we held at the beginning of the quarter due to our share repurchase activity and the timing of dividends from our operating companies to our holding company. Another quarter in which we increased both value per share, operating performance, ex-cats [ph] and favorable prior year reserve development but including that investment income that was in line with our expectations. Another quarter of net favorable reserve development in each of our segments mostly driven by business insurance where we are announcing better than expected loss results with property, worker's comp and commercial auto product lines and recent accident years and where we have reestimated unallocated loss adjustment expense reserves given recent loss results. And finally a double-digit ROE and operating ROE despite the record second quarter cap losses. I would also like to point out that we successfully renewed our cat treaties this quarter, keeping essentially the same structure but at a modestly lower cost. The new treaties are outlined on several pages on the webcast and are described more fully in our second quarter 10-Q which has been filed earlier today. So let us have Brian now discuss our operating performance.
Jay Benet: Jay, thank you. First on the share buyback, we have historically scaled back in the third quarter, a pending, obviously, catcheese and of course it seems to us like we've already endured two quarters of that season already. My recollection was that the original estimates of share buyback included in the guidance was $3 billion, $4 billion and – $3.5 billion to $4 billion. And essentially we are still largely on that target for the moment. We may alter that as we go into the quarter, depending upon second half of the year that is, depending upon earnings, depending upon whether our reserve development can extend to the course and all that. But nonetheless, it's a plan that we embraced beginning of the year and for the moment we're sticking to it. Your second question and maybe Brian and I will ham and egg this a little bit. We certainly can't approve this to you, it's largely anecdotal. It's from sitting with conversations with our field folks and I'm speaking now about your question regarding the commercial insurance environment. Our census is that there isn't anything that has particularly changed competitively. You all seem to be fixated all the time, have some company or companies change their pricing strategy or tactics, we certainly don't see that and have no evidence of it. What we are hearing from our field folks is that as exposure is leveling out and it was – a comment I made earlier was that it looks as though exposure is trying to get back to zero broadly speaking in the commercial lines businesses is that it's getting more challenging to get rate increases. If you're a customer you really don't focus on the granular dynamics that make up your price, your premium. You're really not all that worried about how much is exposure and how much is rate change and all that nonsense, what you as a customer tend to look at is, is my premium going up or down in its simplest form and as exposure flattens out to the extent that you try and get rate gains you're asking for a premium increase in this economic environment or census is that it's getting just more challenging to pass that rate increase on. There is more or little more resistance both from the intermediaries, the agents and brokers as well as the customers to accepting meaningful rate increases. Now it's interesting, we didn't present the data but we certainly do look at the distribution of rate gains in our middle market business each and every quarter. We've shared that with you previously and to the extent they are lost dynamics at work to the extent that an account has loss experience, that's different more problematic than what it had originally been expected. We do get rate gains. There are still significant accounts where we'll see a plus five or even a plus 10 rate gain but it largely is loss driven. It's not in effect margin or profitability driven. So, I'd love to hear if Brian has any comment but our census is that the margin picture broadly in our commercial businesses is modestly deteriorating, that it's and that is that our ability to get rate in the aggregate is a little bit less than what you're experiencing broadly speaking in loss trends. So that's the way that we would I think I'd answer.
Jay Benet: In the context of returns in our business you always got to go back to where are we from a profit margin perspective. When we went back, you go back to the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year, which obviously contemplated normal tax and no reserve development, the return on equity that we were projecting for the year was about 11% and in the context of the environment we're in, both the investment environment and important to remember the investment environment combined with the economic environment, that's a pretty good return. It's difficult for us to plead that profitability measures in our business are inadequate and as a consequence we need to improve margins in this investment and economic environment to the extent that we're capable of producing an 11% return on equity we feel pretty good. So, we continue to try and keep rate where most importantly where the loss experience demonstrates that we should and to the extent that we can improve our profitability dynamic as we move forward we'll continue to do that but it's not as if we're starting from a point of impaired profitability in any way, it's a pretty strong franchise and a pretty strong profit picture in the context of that environment.
Jay Benet: Well, first, I'd observe that this is very much line-by-line specific. There are long-tail lines where you take a deep breath obviously before you embrace an emerging trend. And I'm going to make an example, in workers' comp, we are still contemplating meaningful medical inflation. We're not pricing our product. We talk all the time that benign lost cost and inflation, you should always be excluding medical work in medical portion of workers comp. But we assume a robust inflation rate and we'll obviously see how that works out. Generally speaking, I think a couple of individual exceptions Brian talked about, asphalt shingles which a number of carriers have highlighted because it's a by-product price of oil. That loss cost trends severity have, broadly speaking, been awfully benign. That doesn't mean zero. It doesn't mean that we don't see some embedded inflation in lines of business. And we, as the shorter the tail of that business is, the more we're willing to embrace it and incorporate it into our pricing because if we're long, it doesn't take long before we can reprice the product. The same thing holds true for frequency. In many lines of business, there has been a long-term systemic decline in frequency and I would actually say that it's gotten – well we've been chasing it. You ask the question all the time as frequency comes down, is it making a new level or is it going to return back to previous levels, not only in from a pricing perspective but also from the reserving perspective as well. I think the same thing holds true to the extent that these are shorter-tail lines of business. We're pretty aggressive in embracing and to the extent that they are longer-tail, we're a little more reluctant to move in that direction. I think one of the things that's affected workers' compensation, I can't prove. It's just the data that we look at is that as our economy has moved increasingly to a service-based environment, frequency and workers' comp has come down. They've done another great surprise to people. And so that sort of a dynamic, that element, if you feel more comfortable embracing so it's very line specific. And I think it's difficult to generalize if there's a line that you're particularly interested in, you can attempt to answer.
Jay Benet: And I do think though culturally, as a matter of the institutions and the way actually I was thinking and in this organization, you would characterize us as not pushing the edge. If there's, and again, particularly in longer-tail lines, you take a great risk when you make an assumption unless the changing trends embrace it, price your product, reserve for it, and find longer holiday yields, not only underpriced but under reserved boat. So I just think culturally here, we're not an organization that instinctively pushes the edge.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet. I mean, the thing that we'd urge you to do or to everyone to do is look at last year's combined ratio, look at last year's loss ratio, a component in its totality for the year because of the re-estimation that took place in the third and fourth quarter. So the best proxy for what the loss ratio was for coming into 2010 would be the full year 2009 loss ratio. And then we said, we would expect some margin compression from that and so far, what you've seen is the first six months. That would be the mechanical comparison that you would want to do, recognizing that in any period, non-capital-related weather is also going about to round and there's going to be some noise from other large loss activity or whatever. But that would be the base information to be taken a look at.
Jay Benet: Well, we're always closely managing expenses and there is the timing of some expenses that will take place with various quarters, one year versus the next. So I wouldn't say there's anything in particular going on there, other than we're always watchful of our expenses.
Jay Benet: Bill and I spend a lot of time talking about the environment, and it's very possible now that what we're in an extended period of time at where we are. And as a consequence, we are beginning to think meaningfully about what the implication of that is for our business. And that not only gets to pricing of our product but return expectations, capital embedded in our business, ways in which the capital is used. It's a broad question that gets well beyond, are you pricing adequately? Again, in this environment, these interest rates were able to generate round numbers and 11% return on equity. Now you begin to ask yourself the question, if riskless rates are where they are and spreads are where they are, then what are reasonable returns and what can be expected and how to we deploy our capital (inaudible) in a different environment. Whereas the – I would say the early stages of those discussions, that they are serious discussions that would you take your place irregularly.
Brian MacLean: I mean one of the phrases that I'd emphasize that Jay just used is this economic environment. So we certainly wouldn't want to make the statement that as long as exposures are coming up we can never get rate changes. If you think of where the psyche of our typical commercial customer is today they saw the economy take a big dip, they saw their business by and large take a big dip. The good news is, if we look at our total portfolio they're kind of back to not dipping anymore. They're not yet back to growing or anything close to robustly growing and in that mindset they saying they're going – again, loss experience being neutral we're going to struggle with premium increases. So that's the dynamic we're seeing today.
Brian MacLean: Okay, and this is Brian. On the audit premium side, we've talked about the numbers before at the depth of – in the normal environment, we're going to see something like three to five points of positive on the audit premium side. Around the end of last year, very beginning of this year, we were running about a point negative and we are close to back to zero. So we're at a – at a really modest negative number. So pretty consistent with that that same view on the exposure change numbers. So still negative, but close to back to a plus number. Now, again in normal world, we'd look for a plus three to five so.
Brian MacLean: Well, yes, there's obviously that audit premium has a lot to do with the psychology of the buyer and how the product is even sold. And the natural course is that the buyer is going to understate exposure slightly and we pick it up on the backend on the exposure and so we're always playing that game. So that leads to the normal three to five.
Brian MacLean: The $3.6 billion on the industry slide is – comes out of PCS, property claimed services, and that is purely the kind of initial data that they've gotten from carriers. And in some cases, for some events that happened literally three or four weeks ago, so very, very immature data. That will develop up fairly dramatically.
Brian MacLean: Because, obviously, what we're trying to do is, is as quickly as possible, take our claims data and make any actuarial estimate of what the ultimate will be. And PCF does that overtime, but it takes them longer. So it's really tough to do any kind of industry relativity right now. And then, obviously, you've got geographic distribution underneath that that you got to look at. But, so we will scrutinize that as the data becomes available. But, you know, all we know is it's a big industry event and it was a big quarter for us.
Brian MacLean: I can (inaudible). When you look at the components that makeup the reserve development, frequency continues to be behaving in a way that when you go through the reserve setting process, you come up with as soon as what frequency is going to be and it's behaving better than that. And that's been a trend that's been going on for a while. When actuaries and finance people are looking at what the reserve process should be as it relates to favorable frequency and work with their business partners in terms of pricing and everything. If you look at what the current trends are, you wonder are things are going to get better than they are when you're at a favorable position. And sometimes you just look at it and say, “Well, they're pretty good. And I can't imagine them getting better and sometimes they do.” So that's been a part of it. We're in a very low inflationary environment today. And looking out several years as to what severity is going to be, it's just a little bit of a change in the inflationary outlook is going to have an impact as well. So you have to go back to what's the some base upon which all of this is being done and on a gross basis, our reserves are in excess of $50 billion. So that's absolute level of these changes in terms of percentage point are very, very low. But given the nature of that reserve base, they impact the income statement as you've seen but as Jay said, each one of these quarters, we're doing best estimates of what we see out there using all the information and there's the changes. We just update the reserves.
Brian MacLean: They are generalizing as a blend of number there. What we would hope to make over a statistically significant time period which unfortunately is more than a quarter.
Brian MacLean: I mean, Cliff, you're really getting to the core of the puzzle we're trying to solve each and everyday in the marketplace. Do we understand why lost trends are changing? First of all, can we see it granular as possible where they're changing and breaking out. And then, the real trick is understanding lie. The generality would be the better we feel about our ability to understand why something is changing, the more confident we're going to be factoring into our pricing. Where you get in trouble as you see a pattern and you don't understand why, you need to start extending the patterns. Well, we could talk – it is as Jay said, it's very much a line-by-line…
