Gregory Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance continues to have a strong 2022 with another terrific quarter in terms of both financial results and execution in the marketplace. Second quarter segment income was $666 million, up about 4% from the prior year quarter driven by higher net favorable prior year reserve development and higher underlying underwriting income.  The quarter's very strong underlying combined ratio of 92.4% was about 1 point better than the second quarter of 2021 driven by improvement in the expense ratio resulting from the combination of the leverage from higher earned premiums and the benefits of our strategic focus on productivity and efficiency. The underlying loss ratio was about flat to the prior year quarter, reflecting the benefit of higher earned pricing as well as elevated property loss activity in the current quarter.  Net written premiums were up in all domestic markets and lines of business, reaching $4.4 billion for an increase of 10%. Premiums benefited from strong renewal premium change and retention, both of which were once again historically high.  Turning to domestic production for the quarter. Renewal premium change of 10.3% was once again exceptionally strong. RPC includes renewal rate change of 4.9%, which was up 0.5 points from the first quarter and exposure growth of almost 6%. Retention was very strong at 86%. New business premium was about $500 million for the quarter.  We're pleased with these production results and our strong execution in the marketplace. Given our high-quality book as well as several years of segmented rate increases and improvements in terms and conditions, we're thrilled to continue to produce historically strong retention levels. The rate gains we achieved in the quarter reflect deliberate execution given the significant improvements in profitability across the portfolio while continuing the price for the persisting headwinds and uncertainty in the current environment.  As always, we will continue to execute our granular pricing, careful management of deductibles, attachment points, limits, sub-limits and exclusions to achieve profitable growth. As for the individual businesses, in select, renewal premium change was strong at over 9% while retention of 83% was up 3 points from the prior year quarter.  New business was up 8% from the prior year quarter driven by the continued success of our BOP 2.0 product. In addition to contributing to growth, the new BOP product is also contributing to improved margins in this business through industry-leading segmentation. Overall for Select, we're pleased with the improvement in profitability levels as well as the continued momentum in new business growth.  In Middle Market, renewal premium change remained very strong at over 10% while retention remained historically high at 88%. Underneath the RPC of 10%, renewal rate change of 4.8% was up 0.5 point from the first quarter while exposure growth was nearly 6%.  To sum up, Business Insurance had a terrific first half of the year. We continued to deliver strong results while investing in capabilities to enhance our data and analytics leadership, digitize the commercial transaction and develop sophisticated and relevant products to drive profitable growth for the future.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Michael, this is Greg. We haven't seen any real material mix change. Of course, as we went through the pandemic, we had a certain mix of claims. And so as you normalize that, if we look at our claim mix today to pre-pandemic, there isn't any real material change.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes. Alex, this is Greg. Yes, clearly, our underwriters are looking at terms and conditions and insured values in this environment and constantly trying to get the right insurance to value on the exposure to the right both new business and renewal. And so that's been an active lever very similar to the personal insurance side. That's more on the transactional side.  And on the flow side of Select, we do have an inflationary protection guard that we're actively managing to make sure that, that keeps up with the inflation environment. So very much an active management lever for us on the business insurance side.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Ryan, it's Greg. Yes, I'll give you a little bit of color from the prior quarter. It was broadly based across many lines led by auto, property and our primary GL lines. And our underwriters look at every account that come up for the renewal in that quarter. And they're focused on making sure that they've got the right price to risk, terms and conditions just to get the right rate adequacy.  So in terms of -- on one hand, we feel great about that increase in pricing and returns are in a much better place based on the industry and our pricing over the past few years. But those headwinds that we've talked about, inflation and weather, et cetera, are still out there. So it's a headline number at an aggregate level. Our underwriters are going to continue to be focused on making sure that the accounts that come up renewal have the rate adequacy on it. And that -- hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color for the quarter.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Brian, it's Greg. Yes. For the most part, that is absolutely some of the strong exposure growth. You can certainly relate to the increases in payrolls across the economy. So that's one of the key drivers of that in that line.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. For the second quarter, Personal Insurance reported a combined ratio of 111%. While it's not unusual for us to generate an underwriting loss in the second quarter, it typically has the highest weather-related loss activity, this quarter's results were also impacted by the inflationary pressure that we and the industry have been experiencing for the past few quarters.  In total, the combined ratio increased 11.5 points compared to the prior year quarter and included a higher underlying combined ratio, higher catastrophe losses and lower favorable prior year reserve development. The 5-point increase in the underlying combined ratio reflects elevated loss severity in both automobile and homeowners and other, and in comparison to a low level of automobile losses in the prior year quarter.  Catastrophe losses were nearly 5 points higher than in the prior year quarter but not out of line with our assumption for second quarter catastrophes. Net written premiums for the quarter grew 12% driven by higher renewal premium changes in both domestic automobile and Homeowners & Other.  In automobile, the second quarter combined ratio was 104.3% and the underlying combined ratio was 101.8%, an increase of about 10 points relative to the prior year quarter. The increase reflects elevated vehicle replacement and repair costs. To a lesser extent, the increase is also a result of a comparison to a prior year quarter that still reflected lower loss -- lower claim frequency related to the pandemic. Our primary response to the environmental challenge of inflation is higher pricing. We are pleased with our actions to increase rates over the past few quarters and remain confident in our ability to achieve further increases. As we have indicated in past quarters, it will take some time for rate actions to fully earn into our results.  In Homeowners and Other, the second quarter combined ratio was 118% and included 29 points of catastrophes primarily from severe wind and hail events across several regions in the U.S. The underlying combined ratio for the quarter was 90.3%, comparable to the prior year quarter. We continue to experience loss severity related to a -- higher loss severity related to a combination of labor and material price increases, but that was largely offset by various items, including a comparison to a prior year quarter that included elevated non-weather losses as well as the current quarter benefits of earned pricing.  Turning to quarterly production. We continue to make excellent progress in achieving pricing increases. For domestic automobile, renewal premium change was 6.3%, up a full 3 points from the first quarter of 2022. We continue to increase renewal premium changes and expect RPC to reach double digits by the fourth quarter.  For domestic homeowners and other, renewal premium change increased about 1.5 points from the first quarter to a record high of 13.5%. The increase in renewal premium change was from both higher insured values and increased rate. While our primary focus is on improving profitability, we're not distracted from continuing to invest in capabilities to sustain our success. For example, in the quarter, we introduced new artificial intelligence-enabled aerial imagery to enhance our property underwriting and risk selection while simplifying the quoting process for agency customers. This is just one example of how we continue to advance our sophistication and risk expertise as part of our innovation agenda.  With our focus on performing -- on both performing and transforming, we remain confident in our ability to improve profitability over time while continuing to build the business for the future.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure. So I'll take the rate activity question. This is Michael Klein, and then Dan will probably talk about prior period development.  So Michael, I think we've talked about rate pretty much every quarter for the last 3 or 4. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're pleased with our progress. There are certainly some peers who have reported bigger headline rate numbers than we have. Although when we look at the overall marketplace and compare our rate filing activity and our rate levels -- and our rate increase levels with the broader marketplace, we're largely in line with the overall industry, if not a little bit ahead of the industry average.  Again, there's a couple of peers in particular that have talked about bigger headline numbers than we have. But in aggregate, we continue to be very active in the -- on the rate filing front, continue to incorporate new data into our indications. And as I mentioned, our outlook is we're confident in our ability to continue to increase pricing to the point where we think RPC for personal auto will exceed double digits or get into double digits in the fourth quarter.  So we continue to drive to improve profitability and make progress. And in terms of the new business, the 318 this quarter is up about 6% from the prior year quarter. More of that increase is from RPC now than it was a quarter before. And as you look at the PIF growth, it is starting to decelerate responding to the rate we're putting into the marketplace. So that's sort of the trajectory we're on. And again, the priority is to continue to drive pricing to improve profitability.  Now I'll turn it over to Dan to talk about PYD.
Michael Klein: Yes. And Michael, this is Michael Klein again. I just want to add one other comment on the pricing conversation, which is we get a lot of conversation about the headline rate number that people are getting today. It's also important, and we've talked about this in the past, to look back at the history. And our renewal premium change in personal auto never went negative. And we didn't talk about that as much back then when some other carriers had renewal premium change that was negative. So the starting point matters, I guess, is the point that I would add. Thanks for the question.
Michael Klein: Sure, Ryan. Thanks for the question. I would say two things. One, specific to your question on gas prices, and I think we talked about this a little bit last quarter, we don't see huge sensitivity in our miles driven data to gas prices. We actually think employment has a bigger impact on miles driven than gas prices do. So really, the impact of the price upswing we saw 2, 3 months ago and the slight relief we've seen over the last month or so isn't really driving change in driving behavior based on the data we're observing.  And then in terms of frequency, again, I think two comments are important about this quarter. One, second quarter of last year still showed favorable frequency because driving levels were still depressed. And so they'll return towards pre-pandemic normal is a bad guide quarter -- or year-over-year. But in terms of driving behavior and claim frequency, we would say it remains in that space of approaching pre-pandemic normal levels.
Michael Klein: Yes, Meyer. So in the home, really, RPC is a combination, right, of operate and those insured values. And so in terms of how they respond, that renewal premium change number that we share with you is a blend of the rate change we're getting on renewals and the impact of increased value.  And I guess just one step deeper into the process. We evaluate replacement cost data on a regular basis and typically update our annual inflation -- our annual increased limit factors, what we call AIL on an annual basis. In this environment, we're actually looking at it more frequently and have actually updated it a second time this year, which is part of why you're seeing that RPC in home continue to rise. And that's why I mentioned in my prepared remarks that the increase in RPC in home is a combination of increased rate and increased limit.
Michael Klein: What I would say is both the rate and the increased limit are responsive to the inflation that we're seeing.
Michael Klein: Yes. Great question, Josh, and a really hard one to answer in this environment. I mean I think -- there's one conversation we could have around what those numbers are relative to a relatively long-term view of trend. Unfortunately, the environment that we're in and -- you can pick your statistic. I mean it's really a pretty unprecedented environment in terms of loss cost inflation in the personal lines of business. You can look at body work CPI, I think, is the highest it's been since 1980 in low double digits. You can look at shingles prices, lumber prices. The Manheim Used Vehicle Index right, was up 30-plus percent last year and it stayed there.  So it's really hard to put a point on when the rate will exceed loss trend until we fully understand how long this elevated inflation is going to last. And so from that standpoint, that's why our focus really isn't on picking that point. Our focus is on continuing to incorporate the latest data into our pricing and underwriting processes, and continuing to raise rate as we see that evidence of further need.  To your point, and it's a good one, the 6.3 RPC as an example that we reported in auto is the written impact of the rate we've taken essentially over the last 3 or 4 quarters as it hits renewals. And so one important point to make is even if we didn't file for any additional rate, which we are, that number would rise next quarter because we haven't yet seen the full written impact of the rate that we've already gotten filed and approved.  But again, importantly we've gotten -- that rate already in the pipeline that will drive that number higher. And we are continuing to seek additional increases, which will continue to drive that number higher and, again, drive it into the double digits by the fourth quarter of this year, speaking specifically to auto.
Michael Klein: Sure, David. So I would say yes, we're on top of it. Our claim team is top-notch. They're terrifically talented and capable. And we've got great discipline and process inside the claims organization. They're really just terrific partners in support of the business. That said, we're not immune from the environmental pressures that you read about and you've seen and heard others talk about. So while we are on top of things and while the way you described our portfolio makes sense, it is taking longer to get parts. It is taking longer to get a time slot in a body shop. That is putting pressure on the length of time it takes to make repair. That is putting pressure on average rental days for nondrivable repairs.  We're doing a lot in really all we can to work with customers to help manage that. One example is being in dialogue with the customer and ensuring, for example, that if their vehicle is drivable, that they wait to take until the shop until we and they have verified the parts of the labor are available. So doing a lot of things to try to manage that. But the length of time to repair on average is extending.  And it's really -- that's one element of the process. Salvage and subrogation takes longer these days for total vehicle availability remains a challenge. I mean those -- we're faced with all those challenges. But I think our claim organization is doing a terrific job of managing and navigating those.
Michael Klein: Yes. Yaron, thanks for the question, and I'll qualify it probably and not quantify it. But similar to the comment I made last quarter, we haven't spiked out bodily injury loss trend as a driver in the sort of year-over-year comparisons and relative to expectation. Not because it hasn't been elevated and not because we haven't seen elevated bodily injury loss trend. But -- and in particular, we've seen elevated inflation in bodily injury. There's been a little bit of favorability in bodily injury frequency, offsetting some of that severity. And we had a pretty healthy assumption around what the bodily injury loss trend was going to be. And so it just hasn't jumped out as a delta relative to our expectation. But that doesn't mean we don't see pressure. It doesn't mean we're not observing it. It just means it's not a significant difference from what we had anticipated.
Daniel Frey: Mike, it's Dan. So on the PYD question, I guess I'd bring you back to accident years '20 and '21 when we were talking about seeing favorability largely frequency driven but we are seeing favorability in personal auto. We are seeing favorability in commercial auto. We're seeing favorability in non-COVID claims in the workers' comp line. And we said at the time that we were recognizing some of that favorability in our results, but that there was also uncertainty in the environment.  And one of the things we talked about was uncertainty around what the ultimate severity of some of those claims might be. And in PI, we talked specifically about the fact that claims were happening at higher speeds and we were seeing some more severity.  And so we said pretty consistently in 2020 and in 2021 that we were being cautious in our reserving in order to make sure that we were allowing for the additional level of uncertainty that we felt was possible. And so at least so far, the way things are playing out seems to bear that out.
Daniel Frey: Yes. I think it's very hard to predict. And we've got a portfolio that is individually underwritten. And so that's why we say it's not going to be perfectly correlated. But directionally, if you see weakness in the equity markets, we'd expect to see at least some slowdown in the level of strength. We have, although rarely, seen negative returns in the alternative portfolio in times of extreme disruption like we did in the first or second quarter of 2020 at the onset of COVID.  But over a pretty short period of time when the markets came back, we got all that back and then some. So we're not really in a position to give a forecast of whether we expect alternative NII to be less robust than it has or how low it might go. But again, we're doing this for the long term. And if you look at our results over a long term, even in really significant downturn for the broader markets, we've done probably better than most.
Daniel Frey: Yes. Elyse, it's Dan. So directionally, without going down to a very fine level of reconciliation, we've been talking about in recent quarters, the benefit of earned pricing being somewhere around 1 point. That's not going to change all that quickly. As written premium -- as written price over the last few quarters came down, you'd expect the earned basis to come down, but that takes time to come down.  So that's still sort of the ballpark. And with the margins relatively stable from a year ago, that would sort of imply that the property piece going the other way relative to what we expected was about 1 point.
Daniel Frey: No. Brian, if we think about the non-cat property losses that are in underlying last year, we said the -- as you pointed out, last year we said they're about 1.5 points better than what we would have expected in the second quarter. This year, what we actually said that it's about 1 point worse than what we would have expected.  So there was actually a bigger swing in the underlying property losses, I think, north of 2 points. And then there's -- as there are frequently in other quarters, a number of other things, none of which were individually big, think mix, think segmentation that actually benefited the loss ratio in the quarter. And that got us back down to the neutral number.
Daniel Frey: No, Josh, it's Dan. I don't think there's any change to our sort of historical commentary. We say generally, things are on about a 1-quarter lag. Second quarter was pretty strong from an alternative, if you consider it in the context of the broader market. But again, we're not necessarily going to follow that in lockstep. We've got individual investments within the quarter.  Real estate did pretty well. We had some energy holdings that did pretty well. We had some transportation holdings that did pretty well. So it's going to be a function of what's actually inside of our portfolio. And that's really what you're seeing as opposed to any change in the live pattern.
Daniel Frey: So Tracy, it's Dan. I'll start. And I think we've done this before. But again, I think there's a reason that we don't look at combined ratio on a sequential basis. And part of that is what you see in the second quarter in particular because whether it's cat losses or underlying property, we expect more activity in the second quarter than the rest of the quarters of the year.  To go back to the comments that Alan was making and that Greg made, if we look at where the underlying combined ratios are and the returns are coming out of 2021, in which we had north of a 13.5% core ROE in the first half of the year this year, that's 12.4% through the first 6 months of the year. We feel like the business as a whole is in a pretty good place. We've got a balanced portfolio. Some parts of the portfolio are going to be stronger than others at certain times. But we're managing the business for the long term. And we're not thinking about withdrawing capacity at this point. We've got plenty of capital. And we think there's plenty of good business in the marketplace to write that's going to serve us well in the long term.
Daniel Frey: Yes, David, we're not going to give '23 or '24 outlook here. I'd just say a couple of years ago, we were talking about being pretty comfortable with the 30. And then a quarter or 2 ago, we were talking about being more comfortable with the 29.5. We're not really setting a target expense ratio. We're managing the business as a whole to overall combined ratio and returns. We're making all the investments that we want to make. What we find is that we've been able to do that inside the still improving expense ratio. I think last quarter, we said we might get down to 29 sometime in the next year or 2 -- another quarter of success. It looks like we'll probably be there this year. I'm not really inclined to give an outlook beyond that.
Alan Schnitzer: Alex, it's Alan. Let me start and then I'll turn it over to Greg. And let me just start with -- we're starting from a pretty good place. The underlying loss ratio and the overall underlying combined in BI is starting at a very good place. And we don't give outlook on those measures. But let me just make a broad comment, which is if you look at where our overall pricing is today, we would say all other things being equal, it's ahead of loss trend.  And so as that earns in, we would expect some improvement from there. Let me just caveat that with all things are never the same. And so this quarter, for example, we're calling out some elevated level of property loss activity. And it was just a couple of quarters ago when we were calling out favorable property loss activity.  So that kind of stuff is always going to be a little episodic. But when we look at the factors that we would consider to be run rate for lack of a better word, and we look at where pricing is and where we think loss trend is, we think the outlook, again, from a pretty good place is positive.
Alan Schnitzer: Thanks for the question. And let me just make a couple of general comments and feel free to follow up if I don't scratch the edge. But in a recession, we're going to do what we do. We serve our customers. We serve our distribution partners. We take care of our communities. We take care of our employees. And so from that perspective, it's business as usual for us.  Now we ensure the output of the economy. So we'd expect some impact to the top line, and that's going to impact everybody. But we're pretty well positioned. The work we've done to improve productivity and efficiency positions us well. And we've got the resources and financial strength continue to make investments in our business without interruption.  In terms of credit sensitivity, as I shared in my prepared remarks, the investment portfolio is very high-quality -- high credit quality, as is our surety business. So I guess the only other point I would make in a recession again, you'd expect some maybe pressure on the top line. But if history is any guide, at least in the commercial businesses, maybe you get some relief on loss trend.  So we run the business for the long term. We say that all the time. So there's really not a lot we need to do differently. And you can just look and see how we perform through various economic cycles over the years, including recession, financial crisis, et cetera. We think we're very well positioned and we'll do just fine.
Alan Schnitzer: No, Elyse, we didn't. We -- I'll say two things. One, the loss activity you saw in the quarter was generally consistent with that. But two, loss trend is something we evaluate over a long period of time. So not typically -- doesn't typically gyrate around in a particular quarter. But I think to be responsive to your question, the loss activity we saw was consistent with what we expected.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Meyer, a couple of comments on medical inflation. So given that it impacts long-term lines like workers' comp and GL, you can imagine when we watch it very closely. And two, as we've shared before, we take a very cautious approach to reserving those long-term lines.  Having said that, while medical inflation certainly isn't immune from the broader inflationary environment, the recent trends on the whole continue to be, I'd say, relatively benign. The other thing is you got to make a distinction between medical inflation and the types of inflation that impact loss costs. So workers' comp and GL, for example, are driven by a subset of medical costs. We're treating workplace injuries. We're treating accidents. We're not treating chronic diseases. And those components of medical inflation that impact workers' cost -- workers' comp and GL are increasing at lower than the headline medical CPI. Also in terms of workers' comp, for example, we've got fee schedules and other medical management practices that mitigate the types of inflation that could impact those loss costs. So there's a little bit of a narrative on medical inflation. Hopefully, that's responsible.
Alan Schnitzer: Yaron, I'd say not yet. The business underlying fundamentals we're seeing from our customers are strong. I think the economic -- the macroeconomic data you see confirms that as the time continues to increase interest rates in an effort to bring down demand, I think we're all reading those tea leaves and imagining it's coming. But we're not seeing it in our data, not any significant degree.
