Jay S. Fishman: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're very pleased with our results this quarter, posting record net income per share of $2.41. We are particularly gratified that this is another quarter which demonstrates the very successful execution of the pricing strategy in commercial lines, which we embarked on nearly 3 years ago. Our granular active approach to improving profitability has been very successful. The aggregate rate and retention data that we showed -- that we show you for our commercial businesses demonstrate the success, but the data underneath tells an even more powerful story of improvement in profitability. This is important, and Brian will take you through that in more detail. But let me share with you that underlying margin improvement in our commercial businesses since 2011, which we achieved primarily through earned rate, our renewal business exceeding loss trend has, as of now, generated an increase in after-tax operating income of $650 million on an annualized basis. If we include Personal Insurance, and more to say on personal lines in a minute, the increase is more than $1 billion. Importantly, we have done so without disruption to our agents or customers. The relevant question now is where do we go from here? Since 2005, we have maintained a financial goal of producing a mid-teens operating return on equity over time. The over time aspect of the goal allows us to maintain the objective even when conditions are such that returns at that level are not immediately achievable on an accident year basis such as now. If you adjust our year-to-date operating return on equity of 15% to more of an accident year look by excluding the impact of net favorable prior year development, as well as the impacts of the favorable tax and legal resolutions, the adjusted ROE is approximately 8.5%. Also, to achieve a mid-teens operating ROE over time, there will be years where we must exceed the target because there will be other years when, due to any number of factors, we will fall below. So it is clear that we have more work to do to achieve our objective, and as a consequence, our strategy remains intact. We will continue to execute for improved returns, just as we have been doing. In Personal Insurance, we have also had a strategy of improving profitability through higher pricing. What has become apparent to us in the auto insurance line is that the combination of the rapid adoption of the comparative rater technology in independent agents offices, which now is the source of the substantial amount of the quotes that we issue and changing consumer expectations for this product have impacted our new business volume meaningfully. Consequently, we have concluded that to improve profitability and to create long-term value, we must have a more competitively priced product. By leveraging technology and taking other actions, we will make substantive changes to our business processes that we expect will allow us to meaningfully reduce costs without impacting service or quality. Brian will take you through the details, but through these actions we expect to be able to more competitively price our product and improve our profitability. Before I hand it over to Jay, I'd like to comment on our announcement in June that we agreed to acquire the Dominion of Canada. This was a strategic move, providing us with meaningful scale and market position in Canada. We are enthusiastic about the opportunity and are looking forward to welcoming the Dominion employees to Travelers. With that, let me turn it over to Jay.
Jay S. Fishman: Jay, just let me interrupt one second, if I may. I understand I misspoke and I know you corrected it, but because it is so important, please just let me reiterate that the adjusted ROE on what I described as the more of an accident look is 11.5%. If I said 8.5%, it was indeed just simply an error on my part. It's 11.5%. Thank you. Brian, I apologize.
Jay S. Fishman: Brian, would you agree that over the last 3 years as more of the Commercial Business has moved from the right side to the left side, and as a consequence, more as in the higher margin rather than the lower margin business? That achieving a flat rate in that same environment is actually net underneath an actual improvement.
Jay S. Fishman: I will just make an observation. It's not one quarter. It's been a lot of quarters. And just an observation as to the data. That's all.
Jay S. Fishman: And Jay, I would just make some one observation. You just -- you mentioned in passing that the gain was attributable to closing the position. That's actually not completely correct because it's a mark-to-market position, so whether we had closed it or not closed it, the gain would have been there. We closed it because of our expectations of interest rates and the relative cost of carrying the position. But the position is a daily mark-to-market position.
Jay S. Fishman: Yes, I was just taking about how to do that. First, I -- we've always said that one of the things we can't do is to, in any way, is to project or speculate competitive reactions. So just because we articulate pretty clearly what we intend to do, it certainly doesn't mean that it's going to happen or that we approach it with that certainty. But nonetheless, we continue to have a space to go. We've been saying for the longest time, and I take some pride in the fact that the objective, the financial objective, that we articulated now some 8 years ago is one that we stayed with consistently. It's not been remanufactured to be convenient to the environment. It is what we think long-term returns in our business should be and hopefully can be again. But our goal is to get back to the mid-teens return on equity over time, and at 11.5% now on an accident year basis, round numbers, we still have a ways to go. Not all products are the same, very important. Not all businesses are the same. And as a consequence, not all pricing strategies are the same. We talk all the time about the analytic grid that demonstrates high to low returns and our emphasis on pricing relative to that. But every time you take a step up, it changes, whether you're talking about an individual product line like Workers' Comp or property or whether you're talking about a particular business like construction versus our surety business. So the strategies are all quite different and they are all return-driven. But in the aggregate, we are going to continue to push as long as we can, until such time as we bring ourselves back to the long-term objective. And I think that's probably about as clear as we can be. I -- we've resisted, even internally setting artificial goals or targets or budgets, and rather always look at what we've always articulated as our long-term goals to be.
Jay S. Fishman: Yes, I know, I'd -- just an observation. I think we have a well-deserved and well-earned reputation for being a low-cost-oriented company. We know from experience, I think, how to do that thoughtfully and in the best interest of the business. I think Brian's comment is right. We're determined to be successful in the business. We have an $8 billion premium combined personal lines business, and in fact, everything is on the table. But we do know how to do this. And the comparative rating technology, I get asked all the time, is the product becoming a commodity? And I'm always quick to answer, no. A commodity is a product where the only thing that doesn't matter is the price because all the prices are the same. Every -- oil, the price is the same. And that's not the case here. There are value differentiations and value perceptions and strength to agents and strength to customers, and there are differentiations. What the rater is doing, though, clearly, is increasing price competitiveness at the point-of-sale. The technology has introduced the ability of agents to see greater multiples of prices much more easily. And we do think that the onslaught of advertising over the last, and this is just an opinion, I can't prove it as a fact, but the onslaught of advertising in the space over the last 10 years has brought customers to the view that value is a more important component value dollars of the purchase than perhaps it was previously. So it's going to force a greater level of price competition and I think we're up to the task. And that's what we're going to do.
Jay S. Fishman: The decision is certainly not being driven by the direct business, but the direct business will most certainly benefit from a lower priced product. So it will certainly help in that regard. I do want to reemphasize, so that everyone understands clearly, that the intention here is to lower cost and increase profitability. So the reduction in cost will, in effect, not be passed on entirely to the price of the product. Some of it will be retained in the form of improved profit. At least that's the plan. So it'll help. It'll certainly help the direct business.
Jay S. Fishman: Brian, can I also ask you to speak because Greg asked the question with Home, Auto, direct, and I think there is a distinction to be made there as well.
Jay S. Fishman: And just a closing comment on the direct because, Brian, I think you got both of those just right. The dynamic in direct is very much what we've been intending to do. We've been doing a test, a test of pricing sensitivity. And so our -- and people have asked you, your advertising is down. Yes, our advertising is down very intentionally because we've been focused on testing price elasticity in a very limited number of markets and gaining some insight into what that means. So I would just observe that there isn't anything in our direct channel other than also seeing and observing, of course, that pricing really matters, great shock, pricing really matters. And so again, what we're going to do in the personal space here will most -- we hope, we believe, will certainly help the direct channel as well.
Jay S. Fishman: The analytics that we have indicate, maybe even more than indicate, that pricing sensitivity for new business through comparative raters is just significantly different than it was in the past. And we have all sorts of data that shows when you're lowest in the comparative raters space, when you're second lowest and when you're third lowest. And so we know what it takes to be successful. And so I -- we don't believe that there's anything, with respect to our product, that needs to be reengineered or -- I mean, we're always filing changes. We're always filing changes in pricing. We're always filing changes in underwriting and claimants. So there's always changes going on. But we believe this is the issue in the new business front. And you're right, the renewal business has been quite stable, and that is very encouraging. So we think we're on the right path here.
Jay S. Fishman: No, I don't believe so. This was -- there were a couple of things about the Dominion transaction that were really appealing to us. One, is it gave us some real size and scale in a market where we just were lacking badly; two, there were some scarcity value up there. There are precious few companies to be acquired. They're either mutuals or subsidiaries of larger companies or very large companies themselves. So there is a scarcity value. And it provided a first-rate management team, we think, and a terrific systems and technology and a platform to do business. So it had several compelling reasons that really just had us think about it as a special opportunity but not thinking about it differently in the context of capital management, no.
Jay S. Fishman: Yes. Brian, I was actually just going to interrupt because I do think that's so important. These conversations, there's almost a backdrop as if somehow pricing is magically obtained from a third-party source from somewhere. What we're getting is what we're trying to get. I ask the question all the time, are we trying to get 12% and we're getting 7%? And the answer is no. We're managing this process very thoughtfully, always with a focus to not having disruption to agents or customers. We're in the business for the long term. We look at returns over time and will continue to march in improving returns. And as long as we're moving that way, we feel pretty good. And by the way, the retention remains as solid as it has and you can see from the more detailed graph how strong that really is.
Brian W. MacLean: So let me start. This is Brian MacLean. Let me start with an answer and then, Jay or Jay, chime in. I -- the first observation I'd make is when we look at the actual results, so we're not going to go far out in the crystal ball world, but if we look at the actual results over the last 6 quarters, from Page 10, it's incredibly stable. The red line there of renewal rate change is basically rounding off of 7.5% for all of those quarters. So what we saw in the quarter was very consistent with where we've been. Our view about it -- I would want to emphasize what we said in the presentation, that we don't have a target and it's not necessarily about attaining a specific level of rate gain, it's about achieving returns. So we're looking very granularly and obviously trying to retain the best business and drive the price increases on the weaker stuff. There can be a -- next quarter, a rate change number identical to the one that we just have, which might be generating much better returns or much worse, depending on where you get it. So we're very focused on the segmentation. As far out as we're going to go is what we saw in the quarter was very consistent. June was a pretty strong month. July looks like it's trending pretty consistently, but where the market's going to be in 3, 4, 5 months, we'll all see. But we haven't seen anything in our results that would say that the market is about to shift dramatically and the fundamental situation with interest rates and weather volatility continues.
Brian W. MacLean: Right. When we look at our granular execution and the impact of now a couple of years of rate increases on the portfolio, we feel the round numbers, 80% retention, 7.5% rate we're getting today, is producing a much better result than the 80% and 7.5% renewal rate change we were getting 1.5 years ago. So we feel very good about it.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. So 2 things that I would add because, Josh, in your question, you put in there rates moving. I would just point out that the rate movement that we just saw in interest rate has really had virtually no impact on our pricing, and to some degree, because it was a relatively small move in rates. But even the 100 basis points, at one point in time, at the 10 year got a lot of play. The duration of our liability is significantly shorter than that. So you have to look at the whole yield curve and see where rates are moving. So that has had minimal impact. And we'd need quite a bit of movement in interest rates before started changing pricing significantly. And the other...
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. The other quick thing I'd point out is that weather volatility is still there. And although our second quarter cat number was dramatically less than what we have seen the last 2 years, it is dramatically higher than what 3 years ago we would have said was historical second quarter norms. So that is still out there and the marketplace needs to deal with it. So that's kind of our view.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, Mike. I think there's always -- as Jay Benet was saying before, there's always volatility in the individual quarters. Nothing fundamental with the trend has changed over where we were with first quarter. And I know deltas have shifted a little bit. If you look at our data on Page 9, 3.1 points of underlying combined ratio better than last year and the first quarter was better than that. That was the movement in those other things. So we're going to have large losses go up or down or non-cat weather go up or down relative to the previous quarter. I think that we're still in the same place we were in the first quarter, where we think the core underlying margins here in BI are improving somewhere between 2.5 and 3 points for the business. And that is unchanged from where we were in first quarter. And everything has been, as I said before, pretty stable, both rate and loss trend there. So we don't see any fundamental shift. I know the numbers do move around a little bit.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, that's -- I think what I was trying to say, Mike, is the rate-driven margin improvement is the 2.5 to 3. When we try to back out the quarterly periodic volatility and what's the impact of the rate we're earning in versus the core loss trend, that continues to run at 2.5, 3 combined ratio points. And again, you have to do the arithmetic to get the -- just bring it through the combined ratio to get the math to work.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. Let me start, Jay, and then throw it to you and so I'd -- several comments there. And maybe one of the things I'd say right at the front is that the actions we're taking today are somewhat -- the expense actions are somewhat a reaction to what's going on in our top line but more focused on reacting longer term to some changing dynamics in the marketplace. So it's not just a -- because the PIF is down 12%. I would look at -- so a couple of things, number one is...
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, Brian, this is Brian MacLean. I'll start. There's several things that going on there. We've talked a while back about what was going on in the larger end, plus we talked a little bit about Auto trends that we were seeing in commercial and specifically in the Select world. So there were some targeted underwriting actions that we were taking, which we have now pretty much worked through. And it was a business, if you think of -- it's almost a great example of the segmentation concept that I was talking about in commercial accounts. If you looked across our spectrum of businesses in Business Insurance a couple of years ago, Select would've been one that, from a return perspective, we were struggling with more than others. So it would've been on the writer side of the graph of our businesses. And if you look at the pricing that we've gotten there, and in that business, RPC is really driving to the bottom line, we've gone to the point where we feel pretty good. We've worked through some underwriting actions, and that's one that we would be hopeful expecting that as the return picture has improved, we're going to be retaining more of that business going forward. So it is -- it's -- we feel good about how we've executed but we think the trajectory there should be changing in the future.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, and I think -- so I completely get it. I'll, on one hand, admit that we obsess over fractional movements in these things, but I think we and the marketplace are obsessing a little too much. And I know, we've got a better window into the detail than you do. So if you look at -- we ticked down a little bit from last quarter, literarily rounding off of 7.5%, which had ticked up a little bit from the fourth quarter. So the numbers have really been about, in the aggregate, 7.5%. Within Business Insurance, June was the strongest of the 3 months in the quarters. But again, I'm talking about fractions of a point here, of the difference between 7.2% and 7.4% in total rate. And July looks like -- right now, our look of July looks like it might be a little bit better than June. But again, I'm talking about rounding a couple of cents of a point. So I don't mean to overemphasize it. We get the sensitivity. I think we're all watching the market closely. But it's been about where it's been for a while. And then the last point I'd make is we're really actively managing the business. We're trying to make sure we're getting it in the right places and...
Brian W. MacLean: Yes -- no, I completely agree. And Jay, basically, I think the way you asked the question, yes, we'd agree with that, that what we've seen in our results and what we see and what were out in the marketplace quoting on, the market looks the same to us as it's been for a number of quarters now. We hear the same rhetoric but what we see and what we hear from our people is that it's continuing to move at about the same pace.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Sure. Amit, it's Alan Schnitzer. But when you're talking about the current strategy, I'm not sure exactly which one you're asking.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Sure. Let me take a stab at that. So stepping back, the transaction really is a strategic transaction for us. It gives us important scale and competitive position in a big market that currently we're -- we don't have either in. So from a strategic perspective, we think it's important. In terms of what's driving that combined ratio, a lot of that is their personal lines Auto business. And we think that when we bring our data and analytics and claim expertise to that marketplace, we can -- and it'll take some time, but we think we can substantially improve that result. Also, they've got a small commercial platform that we like a lot. We think we can bring our expertise and analytics from that business into that marketplace. And one of the real benefits for us in this transaction is that they've got a terrific distribution platform in Canada, and we like the opportunity to expand our commercial middle market products through their distribution. So we think that there is good premium growth in the platform from that. So -- and looking overall in international, we've been, certainly over the last couple of years, focused on investing in that business and managing the loss side, which we've done very effectively over the last couple of years. So we're very confident that when we apply that same expertise to the Dominion, we'll be able to have positive effects on that. One of the impacts of what we've been doing for a couple of years is the expense ratio has ticked up, both from investing in people and data and analytics and also from, over the years, having shed some premium that didn't meet the risk and reward calculation for us. So the additional volume that comes on from Dominion really helps us from the expense side as well. So that's really sort of the outlook and the strategic positioning of the transaction.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Yes, Jay, it's Alan Schnitzer. Certainly, it did pick up a little bit. I wouldn't call it an inflection point. And I'd say that the pricing dynamics outside of the United States continue to be very different than what we see in the United States. I think what you're seeing in our results, in particular, come from our efforts recently to increase our use of data and analytics and manage the portfolio and profitability. I wouldn't say there's an overall shift in the market though.
Jay S. Benet: Yes. This is Jay Benet. As we've said in previous quarters, any individual quarter is going to be impacted by things that go well beyond the general flow of earned rate versus what you'd consider to be the underlying loss trend. Now we spike out at least verbally because that's probably as good as it's going to get. We have things like large loss activity and some view as to, with the non-cat weather, favorable or unfavorable relative to the prior year and we try to give you that perspective. What we always suggest you do is look at the longer-term view as to what the combined ratio looks like x cat and few ID [ph], and with those words around and what others say, try to get a view as to what the weather looks like and build that into your models. I hope that's helpful because that's probably as granular as we can get with it.
Jay S. Benet: Yes, because the other thing you could do is we wrestle with this as well. So we try to put some words into the outlook within the 10-Q that might also be helpful.
Jay S. Benet: Yes, if I could add a couple of things. The -- we talked about the short position in treasury futures. And by eliminating that at the end of the quarter, that had an impact of slightly expanding the duration of the portfolio. Having said that, too the rise in interest rates also expands the duration of the portfolio, given the expected impact on bonds that would be called or not called under that circumstance. So the change in duration is really not a structural change at all in the portfolio. And as Bill just said, the rise in interest rates would have a fairly moderate impact on the reinvestment yields so -- given how much is rolling over versus what's enforced. And in our 10-Q, in the outlook section, we talk about all of this having an impact that would suggest about $25 million less in after-tax net investment income off of the fixed income portfolio per quarter going forward, if interest rates stay where they are, and I think before we said the out number was about $30 million. So it's a relatively modest impact.
Jay S. Benet: Yes, this is Jay Benet. Well, first of all, as we've said in the past, we operate the business as a gross under -- gross lines underwriter. We don't rely on reinsurance to be in a particular marketplace. And when we do have reinsurance, it's generally in the larger risk or certainly in the cat area. As it relates to our view of the market, and I'm sure there are others who have a more intense view with their utilizing the market a lot more than we are, but given our view of the market, it would seem like there's a lot of capacity that's come in on the upper level cat kind of coverages. And that's helped drive prices down. And as I mentioned, the cost that we had this July of renewing our coverages were favorable, so it costs us less. How that's going to translate or if it will translate into the working layer-type benefits to companies that rely on that, we don't have any great insight, but it would seem, to us at least, unlikely that that's going to be where this capacity would want to play. So it's not a big impact on our business for sure and we'll see what happens going forward in the marketplace. But it seems like most of this capacity would be for higher-level cat coverage where the expectation of loss -- of actual losses taking place would be very, very low.
