Jeff Klenk: Thanks, Greg. Bond & Specialty posted strong top and bottom line results for the quarter. Segment income of $230 million was up slightly from the very strong prior-year quarter. The combined ratio was a terrific 77.1%. The underlying combined ratio was a solid 87.8% for the quarter. A small number of surety losses drove the roughly 4 point increase in the underlying loss ratio year-over-year. As we've said before, surety losses can be a bit lumpy. Even with the incremental losses this quarter, our returns in the surety line remain excellent. Turning to the top line, we delivered record net written premiums this quarter. In domestic management liability, we are pleased that we drove record retention of 91% in the quarter, up 2 points sequentially and 3 points from the second quarter of 2022, while continuing to achieve solid renewal premium change. This result reflects our team's deliberate execution to retain our high-quality book of business in light of the very strong returns. We're also pleased that we increased new business 11% from the prior-year quarter. That's a reflection of the strong franchise value we offer to our customers and distribution partners, and a lot of hard work by our team in the field. Additionally, we are pleased to report record surety net written premiums in the quarter. So both top and bottom line results for Bond & Specialty were once again strong this quarter driven by our continued underwriting and risk management diligence, excellent execution by our field organization, and the benefits from our ongoing strategic investments to extend our market-leading competitive advantages. And now, I will turn the call over to Michael.
Jeff Klenk: Hi, Brian. It's Jeff. Thanks. I would say that we're watching inflation in materials and labor costs relative to construction. But honestly, really I think the prepared remarks really summed it up for you, right? We had a couple of losses that drove the underlying loss ratio change and ultimately this can be a lumpy line, and we feel really good about our market-leading surety book.
Jeff Klenk: Sure. The credit availability for our contractors is absolutely an issue. We take that into account with our high credit quality book of business the way we underwrite this book. We got a high-quality book of contractors that we focus on there. And so your point is well taken. It's a part of the underwriting process. That's where I'd leave it. Thanks for the question.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone In Personal Insurance, the second quarter segment loss of $538 million and a combined ratio of 122% were significantly impacted by catastrophes. While it's not unusual for us to have a loss in the second quarter given it's typically the quarter with the highest weather-related losses, catastrophe losses this quarter for both us and the industry were significantly elevated compared to historical results. Net written premiums for the quarter grew 13%, driven by double-digit renewal premium change in both Domestic Automobile and Homeowners and Other. The underlying combined ratio of 94.1% improved 2 points from the prior-year quarter, reflecting an improvement in the underlying combined ratio in Homeowners and Other, partially offset by an increase in Automobile. In Automobile, the second quarter combined ratio was 108.4% with an underlying combined ratio of 103.5%. The underlying combined ratio increased 1.7 points from the prior-year quarter due to higher severity, driven by increased vehicle replacement and repair costs and a mix-shift from collision-only claims for its claims with bodily injury and third-party property damage, which is more consistent with more cars on the road leading to more multi-car accidents. These increases were partially offset by the growing benefit of earned pricing and a lower expense ratio. While some of the inflationary pressures in auto are beginning to show signs of easing, they are not improving at the rate we expected. Consequently, we're not yet achieving the written rate adequacy levels, we had anticipated. While we continue to make progress and expect to get there in the coming quarters, exactly when will depend on a few things. For example, how quickly inflation comes down, how quickly we can get additional rate through the regulatory process and our actual loss experience. In Homeowners and Other, the second quarter combined ratio of 135.1%, increased 17.1 points, due to significantly higher catastrophe losses. The underlying combined ratio of 85.2% improved 5.1 points, primarily driven by non-cat weather losses that were lower than in the prior-year quarter. Non-cat weather losses in the quarter were also better than our expectation, as more events reached our catastrophe threshold. Turning to production, our results continue to demonstrate disciplined market execution of rate and non-rate actions in both lines as we remain focused on improving profitability and managing growth in response to continued inflationary pressures in the environment. In Domestic Automobile, renewal premium change of 16.1% increased 2.1 points from the first quarter of 2023. We expect renewal premium change to continue to increase from current levels throughout the second half of this year. In Domestic Homeowners and Other, renewal premium change of 19.2% was broadly consistent with the first quarter. We expect renewal premium change to remain in the high-teens through the end of the year. Before I conclude, I just want to take a minute to thank our claim partners for responding to our customers when it matters most. Behind the aggregate statistics of catastrophe events occurring virtually every day of the quarter, our tens of thousands of individual customers whose homes and vehicles are damaged or destroyed and whose lives are disrupted. In each case, our claim team is responding, helping those customers get their homes repaired and their cars back on the road, continuing to deliver high-quality customer service despite the high volume of clients. Both the loss environment and the personal insurance marketplace remain dynamic. We continue to respond to the changing environment with a steadfast focus on execution quickly addressing changes in loss experience with targeted pricing, underwriting and other non-rate actions, remaining disciplined in writing business that is consistent with our appetite and making thoughtful and impactful investments for the future. We're confident that the actions we've taken and we'll continue to take will improve profitability as we move through 2023 and beyond. Now, I will turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure. So I can start on the property side, Greg. Certainly, the catastrophe experience in the quarter was significantly worse than prior year and n worse than our expectations. In terms of our shift in strategy, what I would say is we continue to execute a series of actions in the property line to manage growth and improve profitability. And again, first and foremost, you see that in the pricing and the production statistics that we shared with you on the webcast. But beyond that, we're managing terms and conditions, think deductibles, think roof age eligibility, think coverage levels on roof replacement, and a variety of actions that we look at very granularly state by state, market by market, account by account. And then one of the other things we're really encouraged by, Alan had mentioned in his discussion around artificial intelligence, is our aerial imagery and artificial intelligence-enabled capability we have there to refine our underwriting and our risk selection. So less the shift in strategy and more a continuation of a really broad array of profit management and profit improvement efforts in the personal lines property space.
Michael Klein: Hi, Ryan, it's Michael. Yes, all of that. So I think your point is a good one. So if you look at the quarter, I think the number of events, PCS designated events was 19, that is above the long-term average. So there is a frequency of events that's higher. And that's a relatively high number for Q2. But actually, the majority of it really is severity. Now, some of that severity, to your point, is the underlying weather activity itself. I think on average, the events in this second quarter impacted about eight states apiece as opposed to six states apiece, so they were a little broader and more all-encompassing. And then again, historical averages. So you've got the number of events and then the size and magnitude. There certainly are anecdotal total evidence of more severe larger hail, those types of things. But the other item that you mentioned, it really is as big, if not a bigger factor than sort of the frequency and the magnitude of the events, and that's just insured values and cost to repair and the severity pressures that we've been talking about across both auto and property and frankly any first-party coverages that we offer as an organization really exacerbating that. So I think it's - I think it's all of those things, but it's at least as much a severity issue, and at least as much driven by economic inflation as it is the weather activity itself.
Michael Klein: Yes, Brian, thanks for thanks for the question, and I think it's - I think it's a good observation. As we talk about pretty consistently, we feel pretty good about our relationships with the departments of insurance, are we really endeavored to make sure they have all the information necessary to evaluate and approve our rate increase requests? And starting with us, we continue to file for increases that align with our most recent experience and our indicated rate needs. That said, what we're seeing and you're seeing in the headlines, some news about increased scrutiny and/or states considering or proposing changes to the way that they regulate pricing in response to the continued period of increases necessary to keep up with loss costs. And so I'd say, on the margin, there is a couple of places where it's getting a little more challenging. But broadly speaking, we have still been able to file and get approved the rate we think we need in response to the increased costs.
Michael Klein: Sure, Meyer, I don't - I don't know that - that the external indicators that we look at are significantly different than the ones you look at or have - or do have available. What I can say is, auto severity has sort of remained stubbornly in the low-double-digits, and we had not anticipated that it would remain in double-digit territory for this long. I think the other thing I commented on in my prepared remarks was that we are seeing some signs of easing. The predominant thing, I'm talking about there is the Manheim Wholesale Index. And again, an update just came out this week on that, and I believe Manheim's estimate now is that used car prices will end 2023 below 2022 levels. But importantly, that's just one element of our loss cost, right? So wholesale car prices impact retail car prices, which impact our total loss settlement values, which is a portion of our loss cost. I think one of the reasons you continue to see double-digit pressure on severity is continued elevation in repair costs, labor, materials, et cetera. And then again, we've talked about just broad-based severity pressure. I think what we are seeing is some of the potential good news that we're starting to see in the physical damage coverages is being offset a little bit by this shift in mix to more claims with bodily injury and property damage and so on a mix - that mix impact impacts those loss costs as well. But again, the short answer is, we're still seeing low-double-digit trends in auto severity and we hadn't anticipated that they would last this long.
GregToczydlowski: Hi, Greg. This is Greg. Just to follow-up on the commercial side, and so many times the catastrophes - the split between personal and commercial can be - really depends on the concentration of where the catastrophes hit in terms of where commercial businesses are. In terms of your comment, I think you referenced in my prepared comments, when I was explaining the underlying combined ratio, and I mentioned that property was better than expectation, and that really was non-cat property.
GregToczydlowski: And Brian, from a Business Insurance or a commercial point-of-view, we weren't immune from some of the same dynamics that Michael just articulated. I think we just have a broader array of products that you get a little more diversification when you add the workers' comp, the GL and all the other products on top of that.
GregToczydlowski: Yes, Elyse, you're right. I mean, clearly, we had a real strong quarter in terms of both rate and exposure in property. But we also had significant movement across the rest of the portfolio also, again, in both rate and exposure.
Dan Frey: Hi, Greg, it's Dan Frey. I'll take the PYD comments. So in the quarter for Business Insurance, as we said, overall unfavorable $101 million. Comp continues to be favorable. The comp favorable was very strong this quarter, more than $250 million of good news. So that leaves us with the other liability lines including run-off being unfavorable. And that's really led by umbrella, which is sort of the poster child for perpetual core levels of inflation just compounding and pushing more claims up into the umbrella layer. But a couple of things to put - to put that in context, I guess, we're making a relatively small adjustment to those liability lines, given the fact that there are more than $15 billion worth of reserves in those lines. The returns in BI continue to remain excellent. And across the company, I'd just remind us, including the good news coming out of Bond & Specialty, which is also liability type coverage, we had a net favorable of $60 million for the quarter.
Dan Frey: Yes. And David, it's Dan. I'll just - you mentioned Fidelis, I mean, we said at the beginning of the year that Fidelis was not going to be big enough to have a meaningful impact on the underlying combined ratio, and that's still the case including Q2.
Dan Frey: Yes, Ryan. The only thing, I think, I'd add to Alan's comments, which I agree with. We've said, as people have asked over the last several quarters and pricing has continued to be strong for quite a while now, is that sustainable? And here you see it ticking up and I think we just keep going through the litany of pricing is going to be a reaction to what's your - what's your return target and what's happening in the loss environment. So we talk about continued increased frequency and severity of weather losses and you see that certainly this quarter, headline inflation, social inflation, that we said never went - never went away, and an uncertain overall macro environment. So those things continue to factor into our pricing. Those things also get evaluated every quarter and every year in terms of our view of loss trend in prior-year reserve development. So what you're seeing here again across the place, net favorable prior-year reserve development, I get the focus on the liability lines so - but really what you're seeing there is a degree of difference as opposed to some surprise. We've been talking about inflation for a long time and we were the first people to be talking about social inflation and never thought that went anywhere. So directionally, it's not a surprise. It's just an adjustment to the order of magnitude.
Dan Frey: Yes, Alex. It's Dan. We're really - we don't do profitability by line. We're not going to go into that level of detail. You call out comp, it has been a good line for us. It continues to be - continues to be a good line for us, but really the way to think about BI is the blend of the products and that's the level at which we will talk about the underlying.
Dan Frey: Yes, Elyse. It's Dan. So I think you're thinking about the property piece, the right way. And then there's 50 basis points left over, and Greg mentioned the continued benefit of earned pricing. That's not the only thing going on in there. As always, there are - there are pluses and minuses. We're trying to call out the main drivers for you, and those are - those are the two main drivers. If there was anything else of real significance, I think we do a pretty good job of trying to make sure we include that in the commentary.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, David, good morning. It's Alan. Thank you. Two things in response to that. One, I would say that - I would just point you to the combined ratio and underlying combined in BI in the quarter, and obviously, we think about how prior-year development influences that through - base your changes and you can see a pretty solid results. And as we've shared with you before, I always - I always want to just preface this by saying, it's a very blunt instrument to try to capture what's going on across billions of dollars of premiums in a single loss trend metric. Every line has its own dynamics, and the question usually comes in, in terms of loss trend, but, of course, there is base year changes, there's exposure changes, there's other adjustments to loss activity. So always puts and takes in all those - in all those measures. But all-in, I'd say there really hasn't been much significant change. And I would go back to a comment that Dan made, on $15-odd billion of reserves, this is a relatively small adjustment. And we're always every quarter looking at all our reserves, and sometimes they go up, sometimes they go down, but relatively small. And as Dan said, the returns in BI continue to be exceptional.
Alan Schnitzer: No, I mean other than - Greg mentioned in the script that the non - the non-cat property losses came in a little better than we thought. But for the most part, I think the way you slice it up is about right.
Alan Schnitzer: Let me start, Ryan, and I will turn it over to Dan. But we're squaring triangles, and we're doing - we're applying actuarial analytics to a series of triangles and historical losses, and that's really how we're coming up with this. I mean, the overwhelming thing that all of us are looking at is higher levels of economic inflation. And so that - you know, that is no doubt a contributor here.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, I think, we're going to try to stay away from forecasting margins, and I think, it may have been David who went to this question earlier, and just said renewal premium change is close to 13% and you're saying there's not a lot of movement in loss trend, it was - sort of should we take it on face value? I think, broadly the answer is yes. But really, I think what's going on here is there are some headwinds. There is - there - reinsurance costs are higher, inflation is higher, we're in a tight labor market, there's weather and so on So we're reacting to all those things. And on the other hand, after years of pretty good pricing returns, we're in a pretty good place. And so hats off to our field organization. They are threading that needle incredibly well. And returns are excellent, and we're pricing to continue to maintain and maybe even improve the returns.
Alan Schnitzer: I'd say, at least, if you're asking whether it was broad-based or narrow, I think the answer to that it was broad-based.
Alan Schnitzer: I would say the answer to that Josh is, yes. And I think we've said pretty consistently over the last few years that we have been cautious and reflecting that level of uncertainty into the way we think about loss cost and reserves. So I think the answer is yes, and we've been doing exactly that.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, it's probably a longer conversation, Josh. We can follow-up it. But let me just give you one example, and I think we've said this over the last couple of years. If you were just looking at the data, you might have assumed that some aspects of loss trend had improved over the last couple of years. And whether that's true in Personal Insurance, and you see the lack of negative PYD in personal auto, for example. Or if you look at social inflation, we said if the courts were closed, then that data could have been misinterpreted to mean things are getting better. You look at that data and you say, I don't believe it and we understand that it's distorted and that there are other things that could be impacting it. And so we are going to do the best we can to try to understand where the uncertainty is coming from and to make sure that we're - that we're reflecting our view of uncertainty as we're thinking about either our prior-year reserves or managing our current loss taxes.
Alan Schnitzer: I'm not sure we're quite ready to talk about that or to certainly give an outlook for that. Obviously, as we start to put our views together for 2024 and beyond, we'll think about the experience that we've had this year and in recent years, and other factors whether that's changes in exposure in our book or other things and we'll come up with a view that we hope will be sort of thoughtful and appropriate.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Tracy, it's hard to answer a question like that without claiming a policy. So I'm going to - I'm going to avoid that. And we're happy to take this offline with you and talk a little bit more about it if we can do that consistent with Reg FD. About PFAS, what I would say about that is, this issue has now been around for a while. What we know about it is, it is reflected in our reserves, and I'm not sure there's a lot more to say about it at this point.
Alan Schnitzer: Didn't say that Tracy, but we're not going to really go into the drivers. We gave you the big drivers of the - of PYD, We're not going to go into the specific coverage issues in PYD.
