Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance had another great quarter with strong financial results and terrific execution in the marketplace. Segmenting gold was $558 million for the Quarter up more than 50% from the prior-year quarter. The improved year-over-year result was driven by higher underlying underwriting income. Prior year reserve development. And higher net investment income, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses we're once again, particularly pleased with the underlying combined ratio of 90.2%, which improved by 3.8 points from the third quarter of 2020, primarily attributable to three things. First. Of up two points of the improvement resulted from third, pricing that continued to exceed loss - cost trends. The other nearly two points resulted from a combination of a favorable impact associated with the pandemic and a lower level of property losses. Turning to the top-line, net written premiums were up 5%, benefiting from strong renewal rate and exposure levels as well as high retentions. As for domestic production, renewal premium change was once again historically high at 9.9% while retention increased to an exceptional 85%. The 9.9% renewal premium change was up more than two points from the third quarter of last year with strong renewal rate change of 6.3% and continued improvement in our customer's exposure growth. In addition to our granular price execution, we've also focused on careful management of deductibles, attachment points, limits, sub-limits, and exclusions, which can also contribute to an increase in the price per unit of rest. New business was down from the prior-year quarter as we continue to be thoughtful about balancing risks and reward for new business in the marketplace. For the individual businesses, in select renewal premium change was a strong 9.7% while retention improved for recent periods to 82% underneath RPC, renewal rate change was 4.1% up well over a point from the third quarter of 2020. We're also encouraged with the improving exposure, which was up about three points as the economy continues to reopen it. New business was up a bit from the prior year, driven by the continued success of our new BOP 2.0 product, which is now live in 39 states. In middle-market, renewal premium change of 9.5% and retention of 88% were both historically hot. Renewal rate change of 6.2% remains strong. As always, we remain disciplined around risk selection and underwriting. To sum up, Business Insurance had another terrific quarter. We're pleased with our execution and further improving the underlying margins in the bus, and we continue to invest in the business for long term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to our new partner in the room, Jeff Klenk.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yeah. Good morning. Yeah, we continue to see workers' comp, this is Greg by the way, good morning. Workers' comp below the water level and so we had a slight negative with workers comp. Other than that, we continue to be led with excess casualty at Umbrella automobile in property that gives you just a little bit of color, in terms of the range of rate activity from the most positive to least.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yeah, David. Let me give you a bit of color on what's underneath the quarter of number. Clearly, as I said earlier, we still have a slight negative in rates. So that's going to have a large weight, the overall net rate, and premium. We had strong retention overall if there's an area that that brought the number down was on a new business basis. And when we look into the marketplace and particularly larger accounts for this quarter, where we saw the clearing price relative to our price to risk to make sure that we're getting an adequate value over the long term, we didn't hit on some larger deal. So really, it's a functional disciplined underwriting. So the combination of all those drove that minus 3.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff, and welcome. Good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance, bottom-line results were impacted by weather, our return to pre -pandemic claim frequency in auto, and higher loss severity impacting both Auto and Home results. Segment income declined by $394 million from the prior-year quarter. $262 million of that decline is attributable to lower favorable prior-year reserve development as the prior-year quarter benefited from the PG&E settlement Dan referenced. The remaining unfavorable variance was primarily driven by lower underlying underwriting results. Our underlying combined ratio increased by 6.5 points to 95.2%. We were pleased to see our top-line momentum continue in the quarter, with net written premiums up 7%. Automobile underwriting results reflected higher loss levels for the quarter. The combined ratio was 100% and included 3.4 points of catastrophe losses, mostly from Hurricane Ida. The underlying combined ratio was 97% up approximately 15 points from a prior-year quarter, which reflected our unusually low loss activity due to the pandemic. The underlying combined ratio increased mainly due to claim frequency effectively returning to pre-pandemic levels. In line with the trend we referenced in our prior quarter call. To a lesser degree, higher severity -- higher loss severity impacted the combined ratio as well, as the vehicle replacement and repair costs remained at elevated levels. We believe these profitability challenges are environmental, and in response, we are executing on our plans to file rate increases in about 40 states over the next three quarters. As we indicated last quarter, it will take time for future rate actions to earn into results. But we do expect to have higher rates in market in several states by year-end. In Homeowner and Other, the third quarter combined ratio increased by 16 points from the prior-year quarter to 109.3%, driven by a 24 point reduction in net favorable prior-year reserve development primarily related to the PG&E recovery from last year. The combined ratio included 17.6 points of catastrophe losses, mostly from Hurricane Ida. Homeowners' catastrophe losses were 4.7 points below a very active prior-year quarter. The underlying combined ratio was 93.3%, an improvement of 3.5 points over the prior-year quarter, which experienced a very high level of loss activities. That said, the underlying combined ratio was above our expectations, reflecting elevated non-catastrophe weather and non-weather loss activity, both of which included higher severity related to a combination of labor and materials price increases. Again, we believe these trends are environmental and we continue to see price increases in response. We're short -- Before I shift to discussing production, I'll remind you that looking ahead to the fourth quarter, there tends to be a good amount of seasonality in our combined ratio results by line of business. With the fourth quarter auto losses typically higher and fourth quarter homeowners losses typically lower than our annual average levels. Turning to production, we were very pleased to deliver another strong quarter in both auto and home. Automobile policies in force grew 5% to a record level, driven by strong retention at 85%, and continued growth in new business, which increased by 8%. Renewal premium change was essentially flat, reflecting the continued impact of the rate increases we filed in response to the pandemic. Domestic Homeowners and Other delivered another excellent quarter, with policies enforced up 7%, also to a record level, driven by retention of 85% and new business growth of 5%. Renewal premium change increased to 8.8%. In the quarter, we continued to deliver solutions that meet customers where they are, give them what they needed and serve them how they want. A couple of highlights from the quarter include, our new digital self-inspection process for property customers, which improves their on-boarding experience and provides valuable information to our underwriters and Intel will drive our proprietary auto telematics offering, which now has distracted driving as a rating variable in 40 U.S. markets and Ontario Canada, providing valuable feedback to drivers and continuing to advance our sophisticated pricing segmentation in automobile. We will continue to invest in new capabilities like these for our customers and distribution partners. Despite a challenging third quarter on the bottom line, we remain pleased with our overall performance and we are well-positioned to profitably grow our business over time. Now, I will turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Yeah, sure, Michael -- and it's Michael here. I would -- I would say a couple of things about that. So dimensional that a little bit more for you, the auto underlying combined was up 15 points in the quarter. We say three quarters of that was loss experienced returning to pre -pandemic levels, and about the remaining quarter of that is the trend then increased costs to repair and replace that we talked about last quarter that essentially continued into the quarter. In terms of how long it's going to last, I can point you to a little bit of external data that might help there. There's certainly pressure on the system. A lot of the costs relates to total losses and replacement costs values for total vehicles, which tracks pretty closely with used car prices. And inside the quarter, we were actually encouraged by the July and August data from places like the Moody's Used Car Price Index that looked like the peak had happened in May and June and was starting to decline in the first part of the quarter. Now, that data picked back up again in September, and I think it's kick back-up reflects the pressure on the system. You had Ida occur in the quarter. Estimates are that over 200,000 vehicles were destroyed in that events. At the same time, that you have vehicle inventories in the U.S. at historic lows. And so you know, I think we're going to -- we're going to see continued pressure on the cost to repair and replace. Related to supply chain, related to labor, and related to used car parts and prices. But again, that was about a quarter of the 15 points and we will factor that into our underwriting pricing decisions as we move forward.
Michael Klein: Sure. It's Michael. Thanks for the question. And before I address the question, I think I may have misspoken in the script. I think I said that auto RPC was impacted by the rate increases we filed in response to the pandemic. Obviously, we didn't file rate increases in response to the pandemic. Those were rate decreases, which by the way I think is relevant to your question. So as we are in the conversation with regulators which are active and ongoing as we speak, we're in conversation with them about that loss history. We're also in conversation with them about the actions we took in response, which included rate decreases in a variety of jurisdictions, which included premium refunds to customers in a variety of jurisdictions. And so we're having conversations with them around how we align pricing with loss costs over time. and are engaged in discussions with them about how to view the 2020 loss experience in that context. If I take a step back and think about the process a little bit more broadly, What we would say about the process of getting rate on is that it, you know, it is an ongoing dialogue between us and the regulators. It's about an exchange of information to justify the pricing that you think you need on a go-forward basis. And generally speaking, what we have found is we've been able to get to a point where we can align price with loss costs over time. You will, you will have some challenging conversations in some jurisdictions and maybe less challenging conversations in others. To put a little bit of a point on the 40 jurisdictions, we do expect some of those increases to become effective in Q4, and actually, a couple of them literally this month. So we're on the way to getting those increases filed and approved. And then, as we've talked about, it'll take time for them to get written and then earned into the book of business. But we're making progress.
Michael Klein: Yeah, as you'd imagine, we're looking at all the data that comes in every quarter and there are some things that are moving up, and there are some other things that are moving down. It varies by line. We've got still some frequency benefit and the commercial auto space. There are some severity in certain elements, but those are things that we are more levered to in Michael's business than we are in Greg 's business in terms of the relative next to loss cost. So we've got our finger on the pulse of all those things and our aggregate conclusion is there's not much of a change there.
Michael Klein: Good question, Ryan. I think there's a couple of things there. We generally, I would say, are going to be impacted by commuting patterns that are more related to office jobs. When you think about the general profile of a preferred book. I think the other dynamic you see in a preferred book though is newer vehicles with more technology. And so when you think about them, the cost pressures on repair and replacement costs, that's going to put upward pressure there. And I would say that while we saw I think some differences over the past 12 to 18 months that you could point to in different parts of the country, different books of business in terms of how the pandemic impacted different segments differently. As we sit here today, the economy is broadly recovering, the country is broadly recovering so you don't see quite as many differences. I don't think geographically or by segment that are driving differences in loss experience across the bit segments of the industry. The other thing that's true of our book of business is, it's heavily rounded and so it's a -- well, we talk a lot about the individual line of business, we certainly look at customers and the total portfolio as we look to manage it.
Michael Klein: Yeah, it's a great question, Ryan. I would say underneath frequency, we look at driving activity, we look at trips, we look at mix of activity, and a lot of the patterns that we've talked about in the past, we continue to see. So on the one hand, we continue to see whether we look at our own IntelliDrive data, whether we look at Google mobility data. Again, fewer commute trips. On the other hand, we actually see elevated shopping trips and recreational trips. And so the mix of miles has changed, but mileage broadly, when you look at Department of Transportation data, again, our IntelliDrive data, MS2 sensor data is back to pre -pandemic levels as is frequency. Again, the mix looks a little bit different, but miles-driven trips broadly are back close to where they had been. And so, as we talked about a little bit earlier, we see their frequency return in line with the trends we outlined last quarter coming into this quarter.
Michael Klein: Sure, Jimmy. I t's Michael, I think first of all, we would not have expected any rate increases to take effect this quarter. As we talked about it last quarter, where we were beginning to the process of seeking rate which means we've got to put together the filing package, we've got a file that with state, we've got to negotiate with state, we've got to get it approved, We've got an agree upon an effective date which is always in the future from the date you get the approval. So there's a fairly long tail on the front end of any rate filing process up or down. And so we really wouldn't have expected any of those increases to take effect in the third quarter. As I mentioned, we've got 40 plan need over the course of the next three quarters and a couple two or three will likely take effect this month on several, call it another handful will take it back, probably before year end again, all subject to getting approvals from the states that we are working towards those effective dates with. And then the remainder will be in the first or second quarter of next year. The few that we have likely to take effect in the back half of this year will represent 25%, 30% of the written premium volume we have across the country, so it's a relatively small number, but it should be impactful on a written basis, but again, I'll just caution you, it takes time for that to earn into the book. But we've started and we are making progress.
Michael Klein: Sure, Paul. It's Michael. Certainly, there are conversations that link the two. I guess I'd start by separating the two, right? There are certainly conversations with state regulators and a handful, I would say, that are talking about and/or actively pursuing the removal of credit scoring as a variable on pricing auto insurance. The two most notable are Washington and Colorado. Colorado has a bill that was approved by the state legislature, that's in the rule-making process, around removing credit score in that state. In the state of Washington, again, pretty widely followed, but Commissioner Kreidler issued an emergency rule to ban the use of credit scoring in auto insurance. That rule -- that emergency rule was actually just overturned by a judge in Washington earlier this month. So we're in the process and that -- the overturned by the judge is now being challenged by the commissioners, so there's a back and forth in Washington, those are probably the two most widely viewed views on credit scoring. As respects credit scoring and telematics, what we would say is, first of all, credit is a powerful variable and pricing auto insurance, it's very predictive off claim experience. And if you remove it, then you have subsidization in your rate plan between higher-risk drivers and lower-risk drivers. And in fact, in the context of a telematics program, the credit score and the telematics data are powerful together. If you're in a situation where you don't have credit and can't use credit, telematics is very valuable, probably becomes increasingly valuable. And in that kind of a world, we're encouraged by the capability we've got, the tools we have, the success of our IntelliDrive program, and the power that it has in segmenting loss experiencing and helping us segment pricing.
Michael Klein: Josh, I would say the difference is precisely what you just described. You talked about driving levels in May, which is partway through Q2, you talked about severity in May, which has partway through Q2. And so, as we talk about -- in the second quarter, we saw a frequency trending towards the pre-pandemic levels throughout the quarter, which means it was below at the beginning of the quarter. And similarly, some of the severity impacts we've been describing really started to impact the results in the back half of Q2 and into Q3. That's really, I think, what's going on there and there's no interim period, our entry year, adjustment to talk about.
Michael Klein: Sure Josh. Michael again, as we've talked about pretty consistently. Our goal is to profitably grow the portfolio over time. We remain confident in our ability to do so. And again, as we've talked about, really the profit pressure at the moment really is timing. And it's a mismatch between our ability to get rate filed and approved [Indiscernible] relative to the loss experience we're seeing at this point in time, but we expect that's going to align with loss costs over time. We've seen movies like this before, right where, where we've written business, we've grown the business, we've improved the profit on that business we wrote over time and so. That's the path we're headed down. As we do start to put more price in the market, could that impact growth on a go-forward basis? Certainly could. But again, we're comfortable with our ability to profitably grow the auto book over time.
Michael Klein: David, I'm not too terribly worried about cash at the Holdco at any quarters, and we're really looking at overall capital position and still feeling very strong about that and I think you see that in the capital actions that we took this quarter. The decline from where we were, we also because of the strength of the position that we started with didn't need to bring up as much from the underlying companies. We're not signaling anything there with a variability in the holding Company liquidity, we're really just trying to make sure that we've got what we need to cover, and if we've got a little more than that at any point in time, that's fine.
Michael Klein: You know, it's just a combination of, we're pushing consistent with our strategies and others are executing on their strategies, but it's pretty well known how the cyberdynamic has been in the marketplace.
Michael Klein: Sure, Meyer. I would say we talked a lot about property damage and liability because that's the place where it's really elevated relative to our expectations. I think on the personal line side, there are certainly is a loss trend in bodily injury liability, but it's much closer to what we would have expected.
Michael Klein: I understand that the risk of getting to o granular, we'd rather not parse that out. You could think of them as being fairly equal in terms of their contribution.
Michael Klein: Tracy, I'm not exactly sure what you're trying to get at with that. I think the point we were trying to make is, we are always very disciplined underwriters, starting with risk selection and then evaluating the terms of every single deal that we underwrite, paying attention to all the levers that contribute to price per unit of risk. And so I think that's the point we were trying to make. Those -- that's important. It's not overpowering to the results in any quarter, but those things compound over time. And to the extent that we are making those types of changes on an individual risk, it will improve the price per unit of risks that's not apparent in the production statistics. And also, that tends to unwind more slowly than read online s over time. But I don't think we meant to make more of it than that.
Alan Schnitzer: Good morning and thanks for the question. You're very narrowly I think focusing on rate versus loss trend. And by the way, there's still a margin there. And even if you look at your rate over some long historical periods, the rate we continue to get is actually a pretty good number. But if you look at the overall pricing number, I mean, at 9.9, that's, you know, practically an all-time high and there's a lot of margin in that exposure, so we continue to see a nice spread between written price and loss trend and I do think that's the right way to think about it. Nonetheless, as we know what our product returns are, we know what headwinds are, we know what our objectives are in terms of our returns and we know what we need to do, so I think that from here, pricing will continue to be strong. Now, we've also been getting pretty good pricing for some time now and it's been compounding for a while and so you've got different lines in different places. Some need more help and others. And so, from here the rate of increase is going to be impacted by that. Some lines or the rate of increase will be higher, some will go sideways, some -- there still be an increase, the rate of increase may go down. But overall, we continue to expect pricing to remain strong. I'm not sure we're going to put much more dimension around it other than that, but hopefully that gives you some color that's helpful.
Alan Schnitzer: And I would just add to that, the good news is this is impacting short-tail lines where we can see it very quickly and react to it and the reserves are obviously significantly way less leveraged, given the duration of those liabilities.
Alan Schnitzer: And [Indiscernible] I'd add to that. There is nothing unusual about this quarter relative to any other quarter. We're always looking at frequency and severity in every line and usually there's something a little here and there. But again, this is a view of long-term trend and -- so nothing really unusual in the quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: Jimmy, we certainly see it but you've got to start with, what are we seeing relative to our expectations because we certainly expected some levels of inflation. Also on the commercial side, say relative to Personal Insurance, you got to think about the impact on a mix adjusted basis. So you've got the casualty and the property in there. You don't see this cost of goods sold type of inflation so much on the casualty side. And while we did see a little of it on the commercial side, there was an offsetting frequency benefited here; I heard both Greg and David talked about. So it's not that we don't see it, it's not that we're not aware of it, but we expected some and it just doesn't have the same overall impact on that segment.
Alan Schnitzer: Paul, good morning. I don't think it's entirely unrelated or uncorrelated, but I think it's less leveraged. I think of social inflation is being driven more by things like aggressive tactics by the plaintiffs bar, and advertising, and litigation finance, things like that. Now, of course, that -- the whole debate on damages, in any case, starts with the underlying compensable damages, and to the extent there's inflation in that, maybe the starting point goes up a little bit, but -- so it's not completely uncorrelated, but also not so leverage.
Alan Schnitzer: I wouldn't say we're necessarily agnostic. I think as Michael pointed out, it is highly predictive and, so we support and promote risk-based pricing. But you end up with some subsidization and so it is what it is. The fact is we compete without it in places like California just fine and we'll continue to compete without it. And in that world, having the data and scale to invest in other rating methodologies is important and we think we have that. So I think either way will be just fine.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Josh, it's not a catch-up of our second quarter loss, it looks pretty consistent with where we had coming out of the second quarter. It's really the difference of a full quarter of the higher frequency and severity Q3 versus Q2.
Alan Schnitzer: Just to put a finer point on that, we had this experience a few years ago in personal lines and we ended up with a larger book of very profitable business, and we would expect this to play out in exactly the same way. So very pleased with the volume we are putting on.
Alan Schnitzer: You know what? Loss trend has been pretty benign in w workers' comp, but it hasn't been negative, it's been positive, and the rate, the overall pricing has been closer to 0, so below that. if you look at a calendar-year basis, that was being equal yet expect some compression. Of course, we've had a lot of prior-year development so the line has been on a -- is been -- if you look back and actually we're more profitable than we would have predicted the time. And we would have predicted some quarters ago that we would have hit a bottom and made a turn. But again, we've had pretty good results in that line throughout the pandemic and so, I think the outlook is probably going to continue to bounce around, call it 0ish for a little bit longer before it makes a turn. But it will. It'll bounce around, but it will make a turn and go north from there.
Alan Schnitzer: Brian, I would also add two things. One, we've been very, very disciplined about enforcing minimum cyber hygiene and I don't know that other markets are necessarily as disciplined about that. So when that business leaves us, it's presumably going somewhere. And given the profitability challenges in that line, we're just fine with that.
Dan Frey: Hey Mike, it's Dan Frey. Just to clarify Greg 's comments of about a 4 point improvement, you had about two points come from current price versus trend, and then 2 points come from the combination of favorable impact of the pandemic and some favorability in non-Cat property losses. You're right in terms of the impact on Business Insurance from the pandemic. Last year, into the third quarter, we gave you that the favorable impact was about a 0.5 point, and that was the net of direct charges that we took related to COVID I think things like workers comp charges for COVID-19. Somebody contracts the disease and that was more of an offset by indirect impacts, things like lower frequency on commercial auto. This year, you've got a larger net impact, but it's really the impact of the absence of those direct charges. We're not seeing that anywhere near the same level we saw a year ago. But the 2 you're talking about was not just attributable to COVID, it was attributable to the combination of COVID and non-Cat property experience.
Dan Frey: So a little different between the two in Business Insurance, you've got a lot of moving parts, including mix of business, but we haven't seen a meaningful change in our view of long-term normalized trend, and Personal Insurance, given Michael 's comments we've taken slightly increased view of what we say as our view of long-term normalized trend.
Dan Frey: And Tracy, it's Dan. So really what you're seeing in the current quarter is the impact on commercial auto, and that's a frequency event. So I think what we'd expect there over time is we get to a full post-pandemic recovery. If things go back to the way that we're pre-pandemic, I don't think we'd expect that frequency benefit to persist. I think the language -- we could take it offline, but I think the language you're reading out of the queue is more specific to the cash flows related to the operations in the quarter, and that would be lower claim payments. If you look at paid to encourage on a year-to-date basis, it's almost identical to where paid-to-incurred was on a year-to-date basis for the first 9 months of last year, when we were talking about the fact that ports were closed and it was taking a long time to get settlements out the door.
