Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Lina. Good morning, and welcome to Travelers' discussion of our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. Other members of senior management are also available for the question-and-answer period. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will open it for questions. Before I turn it over to Jay, I'd like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available in the Investors section on our website. And now, Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: This is Gabby. That is -- those are returns on capital, so obviously, it's underlying margin and the investment component on those cash flows.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you all for joining us today. As usual, myself and Andrew Hersom, and the Investor Relations department will be available for any follow-up questions. Thank you, and have a great day.
Jay S. Benet: This is Jay Benet. I think in terms of looking forward as it relates to capital management, the absolute level of capital that's needed to fund growth in the business is relatively small. So what we've said in the past is to look at operating earnings as a rough base as to what might be available for capital management activities like share repurchases, subject to what needs to take place with regard to, as we just said, funding the growth of the business, possibly making a contribution to the pension plan. Although I will say our pension plan at the end of the year was overfunded at this point in time. So that doesn't require, in our view, much in a way of funding next year. But it's always subject to all the things that might take place in terms of how the world will change next year. But operating earnings would be the base to look at.
Jay S. Benet: What might be the range of earned rates in those buckets? Yes -- no, I understand. I'm trying to -- I wouldn't know how to answer that actually, because it's aggregated by product, by business.
Jay S. Benet: This is Jay Benet. It is weighted by the premium volumes associated with each one of the businesses. So I think it's a proxy. You could probably look at those weightings as, rough justice, approximately what the earned premiums are. But keep in mind, what Jay said earlier, this is an economic product yield going forward, what the returns are going to look like. This is not a GAAP yield. That's why we're having trouble answering your question. So let me, as a proxy, you can kind of divide the earned premium.
Jay S. Benet: What -- this is Jay Benet. Let me talk about the development for a second. First of all, I do want to correct one thing. Worker's Comp developed favorably this year. It didn't develop unfavorably. What you heard us talk about before is that we have a very, very granular by-business line approach to calculating and evaluating our reserves. So when one of our business units -- and these can be very relatively small business units, says they're seeing a trend, and maybe the trend is they have a few losses that went tabular, that were more than what they expect and, therefore, they feel they should be strengthening their reserves in that business line. That will bubble up through the reserves setting process, so I can't stress enough that when we're talking about a modest increase, it's against a reserve base or -- I'm sorry, a premium base of $3.5 billion in any given year. So I think it's more a function of our businesses looking at things that are taking place, not putting news in a drawer, hoping that it goes away, but just reacting to whatever they currently see. It's not an indication that if you have a negative development in 1 quarter, you're going to get more development of a negative type in the next quarter. It is just the normal variations that we see going forward, and the quarterly reserve settling process. And as I've said, overall, Worker's Comp. developed favorably. And we can see the same thing in all of our lines and in same kind of variation.
Jay S. Benet: Yes. One of the other things that's always going to impact the year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter look at the loss ratios, in particular would be mix changes in the business, which -- what products are of higher percentage 1 year versus the next, how much loss sensitive business there is relative to guaranteed cost, so I mean that's also impacting some of the quarterly variations that you're seeing.
Jay S. Benet: Yes. I think just as you said, the agent reaction has been very positive. We're 3 months in to the big wave that went out in October and we're actually not surprised on that. We have a lot of co-development with the agents that were right here in Hartford in helping us to design the structure, the features of it, and so we got a lot of feedback from them in helping build the product. And the 2-key metrics we're watching right now are we seeing an increase in flow, the amount of at bats or quotes and we are seeing that. And then the actual success of our competitive position of those quotes that we're seeing a meaningful uptick there. So when we put both of those together, we're very encouraged and as Jay said, the loss experience will be the third leg of the stool, that we're not waiting for a full loss ratio to develop. We're spending a lot of time looking at surrogates or leading indicators, including the profile of the business. And again, we're encouraged on that. So across-the-board, we're going to continue rolling it out with the same level of discipline and we are very enthusiastic as we do that.
Jay S. Benet: Jay, this is Jay Benet. First of all, there is some fluidity in what the statutory surplus balance is going to look like each quarter, because we have earnings and those earnings will get dividended up to the holding company. So that's part of it. But we also have, as you know, asbestos and environmental reserves and some other runoff businesses, so there's capital that supports that as well. So what we've done in this model is we've allocated all the capital that supports what we've referred to as The Business, to those -- to the products associated with the business. So we think it's a -- in that regard, a full allocation of the capital that we have for the businesses.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Mike, it's Alan Schnitzer. In FPII, the small weather and the large losses compared to a very favorable result in the prior year. So that's really driving the difference.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Sure. It's Alan Schnitzer. Let me try to take that. In the quarter, actually, the Dominion was all in neutral. It was adverse to the loss ratio, but favorable to the expense ratio, so that sort of netted out. But that was really the result of a couple of, I'll say, unusual things related to the transaction and just as an example, purchase accounting. So I think the way to think about that going forward is, for next year we expect the Dominion to have about a 2-point adverse impact on the overall FP&II combined ratio. Now I'll also say that we expect that to be offset by some other things going on in the segment, so the way to think about the segment for next year is for 2013, we had an underlying combined of about 92, and we're expecting that to be broadly consistent in 2014, so just to put the Dominion in perspective. Certainly, there are -- we're harder at work on that business and trying to bring all the Travelers sophistication and know-how, and working with our FP&II and BI colleagues here in our U.S. based business to try to bring all the Travelers benefits to that business. When you talk about regulatory constraints, you're probably referring to Ontario Auto. That's a fluid situation and, obviously, the regulators in Ontario were looking for some significant rate cuts. But we're also hopeful that, that will be combined with some commensurate reductions in loss cost. So it remains to be seen what the impact would be on the overall margins. But we are quite confident that even though we'll have that 2-point impact in 2014, that all the work that we will bring to that book over time will improve that result, and clearly, we'll evaluate that transaction as it impacts our ROEs for our international business over time, and we remain as optimistic about that today, as we did when we announced the transaction.
Alan D. Schnitzer: It's right. I understand the question. I think given the size of the transaction and its significance to the segment in the overall business, we're not going to -- we're going to stay away from that level of detail. But I'll try to give you the combined ratio impacts to help you with the modeling as you think about it for next year, but I think, what we're trying to stay away from that level of detail on that side of business.
Alan D. Schnitzer: Yes. I think, well, because in Business Insurance, there really wasn't much of an impact of non-cat weather. Last couple of years were very comfortable. It wasn't exactly the same number, but around it. There wasn't -- when you look at the full year 2013 in Business Insurance, there was a little bit of movement in large losses and mix change. But nothing really material. So that's probably a pretty decent benchmark of run rate, combined ratio or loss ratio. And then you can see our written rate numbers and how they're going to earn in overtime. So I think you can -- as we said, loss trends holding at about 4%. So I think you can kind of do that arithmetic. There isn't a lot of unusual stuff that's really distorting that number this quarter.
Brian W. MacLean: Amit, this is Brian. Let me go back, I think -- go back to my comments in the webcast. And you can kind of translate the ROE slide roughly into the poorer performing businesses, obviously, the bottom of the ROE chart and vice versa. And as I said, for the poorer performing accounts, obviously, we've got some that are still well into the 20s, but think solid double-digit rate increases. Now I'm talking written, and you mentioned earned. So I'd have to think through how everything's get earned in. And although there, over the last couple of years, there hasn't been a great volatility. In the better performing businesses, as I've said in the comments, we're still getting rate increases on a written basis that exceed our loss cost growth. So you can kind of approximate what that would be, about the 4 percentage, 3 percentage range. But we -- and then there are other things in between.
Brian W. MacLean: So just -- and so I'll give you a couple of comments, this is Brian, on the -- from a business perspective how we're feeling about comp. And first of all, I'd say if you're looking at net written premium, the growth in net written premium is because of pricing, primarily rate. So that's been driving the growth there, not necessarily account growth. I'd also say, we understand comps very well. We understand this -- its challenges and its volatility. For the last 2-plus years, it's gotten the strongest rate increases across our portfolio. And I think we've got real competitive advantages there. So it's a state-by-state industry, class-by-class gain, and there are clearly some states and some classes that still need rate improvement, but in the aggregate, we feel very good about the returns.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. That's right. And that's because while the Dominion transaction on itself has about a 2-point adverse impact, there will be other things that we expect to offset that. For example, a change in the reinsurance program in our management liability business, and as earned rate continues -- as written rate from that prior year and this year continues to earn in at a higher level than loss cost, so that margin improvement, together with the reinsurance program, on a segment basis we're talking about, should be about -- on an underlying basis x cats and PYD.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. So in the quarter, there were some moving pieces, and there's always a little bit of weather and a little bit of large losses and a little bit of mix and are you talking this loss ratio, so expenses aren't impacting it. We saw about a 2.5 point, when we net through all of that stuff, the -- what we think of is kind of pure margin, the rate, x earned rate, x net to the loss cost trend was about 2.5 points in the quarter, down a little bit, it was about 2.7 points in the full year.
Brian W. MacLean: So several comments there. I mean, clearly, in the poor performing business, we feel very good that our ability to get price improvements, terms and conditions, whatever we need to approve the account is pretty consistent with where it has been in the last couple of years. So there, we don't see a lot of -- a lot of market movement.
Brian W. MacLean: On the BI front, as Jay mentioned as, were about returns and as returns improve, we're going to be more interested in retaining more business and we feel good that we had record net written premium in BI. It is clearly being driven primarily by pricing actions. Independent of price, there are a lot of things that we're doing to leverage competitive advantages and various strategic initiatives to grow and we've got a lot of that. The thing that we won't be doing is trying to grow through playing a price game. So we're not going to run a sale in the hopes of increasing our market share at the expense of returns, so.
Brian W. MacLean: So, Brian, this is Brian MacLean. The -- clearly, the Homeowners combined on a -- on any basis you look at it, we feel very good. There's obviously been a huge story of weather volatility that we're still -- so there's still a decent number of places around the country that we are still taking some underwriting actions and looking at managing that. Broadly speaking, you can look at our rate filings and see that our rate there is tempering a bit. But in the aggregate, still haven't a need. We do expect that we will get some lift through the Quantum product. We are very much an account-focused personal lines company. So we sell more combined Auto and Home than any of the other major competitors. And so we should be getting a lift as our Auto product moves out into the marketplace and get some of the traction that we were talking about before.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes. In the aggregate, no. And that's something we're put [indiscernible] encouraged with, so we feel good about that.
Brian W. MacLean: I think, Jay, the honest answer is it's too soon to tell. But no question, when you get the severe temperature changes that you get, we get claim activity from that and we've seen some of that. We can't really assess the magnitude of it and forecast here in Northeast is another round in the next couple of days. So we will watch it. But -- and it's actually maybe less about the Northeast and more about when you get those severe temperatures in mid-Atlantic and down south, where you really start having some challenges. But there will be claim activity coming. There is claim activity coming out of it, but we don't -- we haven't scoped it.
Brian W. MacLean: So I think, again, this is Brian, Jay. Things we worry about all the time, we are seeing a little bit of exposure movement from a positive kind of GL and comp driven, which are good things. Nothing dramatic. But there's a little bit of movement there.
Brian W. MacLean: It's quite positive news, right. And on the -- so supporting your comment about signs of some economic growth, we -- all I can tell you is we obsess over looking at every metric we can about what's going on in loss trend, and we continue to be encouraged that we're not seeing anything out of pattern, that probably the biggest thing that we look at that we've been talking about for years now is the Auto BI trend, bodily injury trends, and -- across all of our businesses. And that continues to run at elevated level, but it hasn't been getting worse in the last several quarters, so -- but we look at it closely.
Jay S. Fishman: I think this will be our last comment on it, because it's an unusual question. The analysis is our best estimate of the economic capital returns of the products being sold, I'll say, today, but think about it over the next quarter. And so there really isn't much of a rate assumption in terms of change in written rate. It is largely an earned rate embedded in what has already been written and will be earned in the quarter. But it's looking at the returns on a fully discounted basis. And so we're discounting that projected investment income. It is an economic return concept based on allocated capital. But it is, as of today, as of the next 3 months, that's why we say for the quarter.
Jay S. Fishman: I am -- Hi, it's jay Fishman. I misspoke on a comment about that Slide 5. Let me just correct it. I -- I'm told I said it's earned rate. It's not. That's a written rate analysis. It's the price, the rate at which the product is being written today. And so, again, just to correct the record on that.
Jay S. Fishman: And this Jay. To the point that Brian made in his comments, what you'll see in the fourth quarter on that graph is a slight deterioration in rate and an increase in retention in those poor performing classes. So the comments about our own actions is that we would look back on that and say we didn't execute to allow retention to go up and rate to go a tiny bit down, a little bit down, in the poor performing classes. Not perfect, not perfect. It would have been better if we had achieved flat retention and rate have moved differently there. So Brian's comment was more specific to the management of those poor performing classes. The question that I always ask when we're talking about marketplace competitiveness is, do our field underwriters think that if an account in a particular class came up for renewal today versus 1 year ago or 2 years ago, would the opportunity for rate improvement be viewed differently by a field underwriter today than it would have then? And I've asked the question many times in a lot of ways, and the answer that I get routinely is, in the poorer performing classes, no, no difference at all. In the best performing classes, perhaps a little more difficult. Perhaps a little more difficult is quite literally the words that we hear. As we looked at the numbers, our rate gains, even in the best-performing classes, more than offset loss costs. And so that continues to be pretty good. The point about the headline number is that as business moves from poor performing classes to the better performing classes, by definition, the headline number is going to go down. And it would be, I think, inappropriate to make a direct conclusion that, that number going down, therefore means that rate opportunity has peaked. What you're seeing much more is a change of mix within the classes than the ability to get a rate improvement in a particular class. And lastly, Brian mentioned that the poor-performing classes, that graph that's in the materials still represents about 20% of our...
Jay S. Fishman: Middle-market business. So there's not -- it still represents a meaningful portion on which to improve rate. Now, I wish the answer for rate peaking or not peaking was a lot easier to say than that. It's just not. It's a complicated business with a lot of moving parts, different business, different lines, and after 3 years, different levels of profitability. But that's the most fulsome response I think that we can provide.
Jay S. Fishman: I think it's very difficult for us to project in the short term, because it's a function of which accounts in particular come up for renewal in a given quarter. So it's difficult to compare a third quarter to a fourth quarter or a fourth quarter to a first. They're not the same accounts. It's a different batch. So in the short-term, I'd -- we would struggle to answer that. We just don't have the insight that I think you all think that we do. In the longer-term, if we continue to be successful, I would say with certainty the headline number will continue to go down. As accounts move into our best-performing business, our goal changes to the highest retention possible consistent with maintaining margin. That's very, very different than the philosophy in the poor performing accounts where lower retention, if we're unable to achieve meaningful rate gains, is just fine. Our goal is always to improve product returns. And once accounts get into a range that are consistent with the highest levels of profitability in our industry, we begin to move much more to retention. And so if we're successful, my expectation is that our retention will slowly tick up over time, again, I'm not speaking about quarter-to-quarter because the mix will change, and that the headline rate number will continue to come down over time. If it doesn't, there's really something that we're executing that's not quite right. Now, again, quarter-to-quarter because the accounts themselves are different, not nearly as predictable, but as an overall trend, that's really is -- that's the way that we look to the business.
Jay S. Fishman: It's Jay Fishman. I'll start with Quantum, and I'll ask Gregory Toczydlowski to chime in and provide perspective, and then I think we'll look to Brian for comments and Bill come in as well on Business Insurance. Our goal in Quantum, remember we shared with you that we had back tested it and had a view of how the product would be positioned in the comparative rating engines, our goal was to achieve a meaningful improvement in its positioning in those comparative raters. That doesn't mean a reduction in profitability because of cutting price, you got to absolutely remember that Quantum's premise is a lower cost, lower commissioned product and, therefore, could support the same returns at a lower price. That's the entire philosophy of it. As of year-end, we were in 18 states. The -- we do know, were it's positioned in the comparative rater. We get the data. And its positioning so far is consistent with our back testing modeling. It is doing, from a comparative rating positioning, just what we had hoped it would. Now, no idea what competitor reaction will be perspectively, or what will happen. Our goal initially was to do the analysis thoughtfully and see that we have the product positioned in the comparative rating engine correctly, and the price was what we had contemplated it would be. In that regard, so far, so good. It, obviously, you don't get -- we have an analysis, an assumption of loss content. We will find out as losses begin to develop, how good that is. We don't have a point of view, or view on that yet other than the analytics that we did when we developed Quantum 2.0. So we're not yet declaring victory that the underwriting margins coming from it will be consistent with what we modeled. We're hopeful. We will know more of that relatively soon, I suspect over the next, I don't know Greg, a couple few quarters we'll begin to have a view on the loss content. In terms of agent react -- why don't you, one of you go through the agent reaction, anything else you want about that.
Jay S. Fishman: I think that's important. The questions that we get on many of these calls seem to center on the impact of pricing and growth. We do have a series of initiatives in our Business Insurance segment that are designed to produce growth, including in 1 case, more salespeople. And hopefully, it actually turns around and has an impact, but we will find out. Because we have a disciplined view of price, doesn't mean that we refuse to think of, or abdicate responsibility for finding growth opportunities that are there by product, by people, by expertise, by underwriting skill, and we remain committed to that. As a business that generates 20-odd-plus billion dollars of premium a year, it's a challenge to generate numbers that are consequential in the total. But it doesn't mean that are -- we don't have serious effort and work to try to find those opportunities. We do.
Jay S. Fishman: And the majority that is not allocated is attributable to what we also would call these runoff businesses, meaning specifically asbestos, environmental and such.
Jay S. Fishman: And I'd love Greg [ph] to comment on -- I'd just make an observation, we take it for granted. Our pricing, terms and conditions profile in Homeowners is not anecdotally driven. Right? It's not as if it's instinctive. We're basing it on the data and the information that we have.
Jay S. Fishman: And I think that it’s -- we still far fear to say, broadly speaking, I'm not speaking about the insurance industry now or us [ph], but broadly speaking, there remains not yet a meaningful change. In fact, but argue there isn't any change in actual inflation, at least by the traditional measures by which it's reported. We pay a lot of attention. We read everything we can. But it’s very much kind of an outlook question, and who the heck knows. I think it's the answer there.
Jay S. Fishman: I think we have -- I think the property-casualty industry has some specific areas where we have a little bit of, what I'd call, inflation concentration dynamics. So wage inflation as it relates to Workers' Comp, medical inflation as it relates to Workers' Comp. Tort inflation as it relates to general liability. Building products as it relates to Homeowners and to some extent, Select. Like, we're not about food, we're not about energy, really, there are some pockets that are more relevant to our loss cost trends than the basket kind of dynamics that you'd pick up from traditional economics. So we rely pretty heavily on our own look, our own ability to look at the data, the actual data, the emerging data on those areas that affect us, and look, you can speculate on a lot of things. You can speculate that perhaps medical inflation will actually continue to decline. I don't know, you could also speculate that it will go up. There certainly more than enough economists who share an equal number of views on that. The tort environment takes a long time to change. Things don't change so quickly in that regard. So while it's always on our minds, because it's important for us, it's not something that, that's going -- I don't -- we don't think -- I don't think personally, in my point of view, that it will be something that will occur quickly, or be a great surprise when it occurs. It will begin to evidence itself slowly, and I hope that we'll see it and be able to react from a pricing standpoint with respect to it. Now I could always be wrong, it might not be the right assessment, but that's how we think about it.
