Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance had another strong quarter, rounding out a terrific year with respect to financial results, execution in the marketplace and progress on our strategic initiatives. Segment income for the quarter was $867 million, up more than $150 million from the fourth quarter of 2020 driven primarily by higher underlying underwriting income and net investment income. We're once again particularly pleased with the underlying combined ratio of 89.8%, which improved by 3.8 points from the fourth quarter of 2020. A little more than 1.5 points of the improvement was from earned pricing that continued to exceed the loss cost trends. Another 0.5 point came from the improvement in the expense ratio. The remaining approximately 1.5 points resulted from a combination of a lower level of property losses than we expected and a favorable impact associated with the pandemic. Net written premiums for the quarter were up 9% from the prior year quarter, benefiting from strong renewal premium change high retention and an increase in new business levels. We're very pleased with these outstanding financial results for the quarter and more broadly for the full year. Before turning to production, let me provide a little color on the full year results to put the quarter in context. The top line of $16.1 billion was an all-time high. Segment income was $2.4 billion and the underlying combined ratio of 91.7% were both excellent. These results were driven by the successful execution of our thoughtful and deliberate strategies, and we're well positioned for continued profitable growth. Turning to domestic production for the quarter. Renewal premium change was once again historically high at 9.2%, while retention remained exceptional at 85%. New business of $505 million was up 16% from the fourth quarter of last year, driven by our success with large accounts in middle market. The 9.2% renewal premium change was up one point from the fourth quarter of last year, with renewal rate change of 5.2% and continued improvement in exposure growth to levels we haven't seen in more than a decade. The 5.2% renewal rate was down a bit sequentially, similar to the trends we saw in the first three quarters. The rate gains we achieved reflect our deliberate execution given the significant improvements in profitability across the portfolio after several years of meaningful rate increases and improvements in terms and conditions. Written pricing, including the portion of exposure that behaves like rate remains in excess of loss trend. So all other things equal, margins will continue to improve as this price earns in. Given social and other inflation, the frequency and severity of weather-related loss activity and the persisting low interest rate environment, we will continue to see pricing gains to further improve the profitability of our business. As always, our execution in terms of rate and retention will be granular at the account or class level. In addition to our granular price execution, we also remain focused on careful management of deductibles, attachment points, limits, sublimits and exclusions, which also contribute to an increase in the price per unit of rest. As for the individual businesses, in select, renewal premium change was a strong 9.4% while retention was 82%. New business was up 12% from the prior year quarter, driven by the continued success of our new BOP 2.0 product, which is now live in 44 states. As a reminder, BOP 2.0 is our completely redesigned state-of-the-art product which includes industry-leading segmentation and a fast, easy quoting experience. Looking back on the year for Select, we're pleased with the progress we've made in improving the profitability of this business while continuing to invest for future growth. In middle market, renewal premium change remained strong at 8.8%, while retention was once again historically high at 87%. New business was up 25% from the prior year quarter, driven predominantly by our success with large accounts, as I mentioned earlier. To sum up, Business Insurance had a great fourth quarter and full year. We continue to improve the profitability of the book while investing in digital assets, analytics and industry-leading expertise to enhance our position as the undeniable choice for the customer and an indispensable partner for our agents and brokers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Greg Toczydlowski: Jimmy, this is Greg Toczydlowski. In Alan's prepared comments, you mentioned that we saw a little more of a negative than we have in prior quarters on that. And that really is generated based on the strong industry profitability and profitability from ourselves also. So a couple of quarters back, we would have thought that we would have been getting above zero, but the pandemic had -- with the contraction of the economy. Some very favorable results overall on frequency on workers' comp. And so the bureaus that really regulate that particular product or all at a state level looking at direct COVID losses and indirect COVID losses, and they do a pretty good job of predicting where the future loss costs are. And so think it's going to be a little bit longer than what we did a couple of quarters ago just because of that strong profitability before it might get above zero.
Greg Toczydlowski: David, this is Greg. In my prepared comments, I did share with you that we were more successful in some larger accounts in middle market. And if you go back, I've shared with you that that's lumpy at times. Last quarter, we didn't hit that as many large accounts in the quarter before we did. And so you get a little bit of lumpiness when you get into accounts greater than 500,000. And that was one dynamic. But generally, also our underlying combined ratio is across our full portfolio of the book of business, and that includes new business. So as we continue to improve the margins on the business, we continue have better outlook in terms of what our new business is. Our underwriters are incredibly disciplined around risk selection and they want to be active partners for our agents and brokers and our as our business continues to improve. We continue to be more active with our hits on our new business.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance for the fourth quarter, segment income was $327 million, and our combined ratio was 91.1%, both solid results in the context of a challenging environment. We were pleased that our top line momentum continued in the quarter with net written premium up 10%. In automobile, the fourth quarter combined ratio was 104.1%, an increase of 18 points compared to the prior year quarter, which reflected unusually low loss activity due to the pandemic. Automobile loss levels increased mainly due to miles driven and claim frequency effectively returning to pre-pandemic levels and to a lesser extent, higher loss severity as vehicle replacement and repair costs remained elevated. These profitability challenges are environmental, and we anticipate that they will persist into 2022. In response, we began implementing rate increases. Rate increases have taken effect in 11 states since August. We anticipate additional increases in approximately 25 states throughout the first quarter, with more actions planned in subsequent quarters. As we indicated last quarter, although it will take time for these rate actions to earn into our results, we remain confident we are on track to address the near-term profit challenges and continue to profitably grow our book over time. In Homeowners and Other, the fourth quarter combined ratio improved by 4 points from the prior year quarter to 77.8% despite the fact that we continue to see higher severity related to a combination of labor and material price increases. As a reminder, for homeowners, we expect the fourth quarter to be the seasonally lowest quarter for loss levels. So notwithstanding the relatively low fourth quarter combined ratio, the homeowners product line continues to experience elevated weather and non-weather loss activity, and we will continue to seek rate in response. In addition, we are increasing insured values to align with labor and materials inflation which will further contribute to higher renewal premium changes in the coming quarters. Turning to production. We were very pleased to deliver another strong quarter in both auto and home. Domestic automobile policies in force grew 6% to a record level, driven by strong retention at 85%, while new business growth slowed to 4%. Renewal premium change improved from the prior quarter to 1.2% as the impact of our recent rate actions started to take effect. Renewal premium change accelerated during the quarter, and we expect it to accelerate further over the next several quarters. Domestic Homeowners and other delivered another excellent quarter with policies in force up 7%, also to a record level driven by retention of 85% and renewal premium change of 8.7%. New business levels were strong and consistent with the prior year quarter. As I mentioned, we expect higher renewal premium changes going into 2022. Our Personal Insurance success continues to benefit from ongoing investments to modernize our suite of products, expand our distribution partnerships and leverage the power of technology. One notable example was highlighted in our press release last week regarding the introduction of IntelliDrive Plus in three states. IntelliDrive Plus builds on our existing IntelliDrive capabilities by capturing mileage in addition to driving behavior, demonstrating our continued investment in telematics solutions to offer customers even more options to personalize their insurance. Reflecting on the full year, we are pleased with our personal insurance results, which includes segment income of $760 million, a combined ratio of 96.5%, 10% net premium growth and record policies in force in both product lines. In closing, while we face some environmental headwinds in the near term, we remain confident in our ability to execute in the face of these challenges and are well positioned to profitably grow our business overtime. On behalf of Greg, Jeff and myself, I'd like to thank our distribution partners and our teams for a successful 2021. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure, Michael, it's Michael Klein. So I would say the short answer is no, but let me unpack that a little bit. So first, the fact that we're a package writer, I actually think the benefit of being a portfolio of solution providers showed through in our results this quarter with relatively strong performance in home balancing some of the challenges we see in auto, number one. Number two, because we have a balanced portfolio of about 50% property, 50% auto, our overall segment results are actually less sensitive to the trends in auto than the average competitor who was more, say, 60-40, 70-30. Probably most importantly, though, is there's nothing about our being a portfolio solution provider that influences our resolve to improve profitability in auto. As you mentioned, the 1.2% that we posted in the quarter is encouraging, but clearly not enough, which is why we're on a path towards accelerating renewal premium change over time. And we're in the process of continuing to evaluate our loss experience, final adjusted rates based on that loss experience and file for take and get approval for the rate we need to improve the profitability of the line.
Michael Klein: Sure, Jimmy. Thanks for the question. It's Michael. So the 1.2%, right, is the written renewal premium change across the portfolio. You could sort of think of it as including a weighted average of the rate we've achieved in the states we've gotten it, right? So 11 out of, call it, 46 states, we got rate in. The other important thing is the 11 -- the number, the 11 that I gave you is a new business effective date, not a renewal effective date. So there's a little bit of a lag in the impact on renewals. Underneath that 1.2% -- what I would say is in terms of the process, we are largely being successful in achieving the rate we're asking for state by state. Obviously, every state is a little bit different. But as I mentioned, we're pursuing the right we think we need based on the trends we see. Your point about what happens with severity and loss trend from here is a really good one, right? The filings we got approved in the fourth quarter of last year, were based on our experience and our outlook for trends at that point in time. And as we seek additional rate as we move into 2022, we'll continue to update those assessments and those assumptions, and that will drive the rate we request on a state-by-state basis. But the 1.2% is really mostly a function of the fact that it's in 20% of the states we're writing in. And as we get more rate approved in more states, that will drive that acceleration.
Michael Klein: Again, I would say most of the states that we are working with, we've been able to get approved what we thought, and I really wouldn't point to any states that have made a particular challenge.
Michael Klein: Sure, Paul. Michael, it's Michael. It's a great question. I think it's something that we continue to monitor. I would say that there are a couple of places that we have data that demonstrate changes in driving behavior. One is just the driving patterns, right, commuting versus noncommuting, time of day. And whether you look at external data sources, whether we look at our own IntelliDrive data, we do see a shift in those driving patterns. The other item that, again, I think you'll see in here, talk about quite a bit is just change in driving behavior. And so in the context of those new driving patterns, we and industry observers have observed increased speeds. When you look at the -- unfortunately, the continued rise in fatalities on highways, some of the data shows increased evidence of fewer people seatbelts, having an impact on fatality data. And again, our own data and that from others also indicates increases in distracted driving, interacting with the phone while operating the vehicle. So I think we do see changes in again, time of day, type of driving and actual driving behavior that will have an impact on losses. Quantifying exactly how much of the change is driven by that is more challenging. Frankly, when we look at increased severity in auto, the biggest drivers continue to be used car prices and labor in parts to repair vehicles, particularly in the context of coverages like collision and property damage.
Michael Klein: Sure. Thanks, Josh. It's Michael. I would say the answer to the second part of your question is yes. We like to make money on the customer, but we really do. We price at line of business. And while we talk about account pricing sort of across the organization, Greg talks about it all the time in business insurance, the way that pricing works in the personal line space, you get rate filed and approved by product. Now we have some interline dynamics in terms of the way our pricing models work, but we really do seek to earn our target margins by line and in aggregate, whether that's across the business or customer by customer. In terms of the profitability in home, again, I think in my prepared remarks, I indicated this, right? I wouldn't overreact to the 78 in the fourth quarter. We're pleased with it. We're happy with it. That said, the full year is still at 98, which is up from last year. Underlying is an 85 from last year. So the fourth quarter really hasn't changed our resolve in terms of our need to continue to drive price and terms in property. And then the other thing, I think, is an important dynamic to watch for in 2022 is RPC for property will also be impacted by insured values. And I mentioned it in the script, but we're seeking to increase values in the homeowners' line in response to home prices and labor and material inflation. And so you'll see that start to show up in pricing in 2022.
Michael Klein: Yes, Tracy, great question. I would say you got to look at both the year-over-year and sequential quarter numbers there. 5%, 6%, 1%, 2% sequential quarter growth we do think it's driven by the investments we're making in the product. But it's also a function of our pricing relative to the market notwithstanding the fact that the 6% is up from 5%. Policies grew less than 40,000 in this quarter versus more than 40,000 in the prior two, which is why you see the sequential quarter growth coming down. And then again, in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that new business production has slowed. So again, we're focused on the rate we think we need to drive into the product and improving the profitability in response to the loss trends. The growth is really going to be an outcome as opposed to a target, and we'll see how our pricing strategy plays out relative to the market over the next next several quarters.
Michael Klein: Yes. So again, it's Michael. I'd say those are two different things. right? So one is your filing strategy, the other is your product mix. We do tend to write more 12-month policies than a lot of our auto mono line or autofocus competitors, but we do write a mix of 12 and 6-month policies. The fact that we write more 12-month policies, though it doesn't mean that we can't take multiple rate changes in a jurisdiction in a year. And so we may, in some states take a couple of rate increases in 2022, and those will hit the renewals as they hit them depending upon the policy terms. But I think our filing strategy, we can be as agile as anyone else, what that impacts renewals will vary a little bit based on our policy. But we don't see it as a significant barrier in terms of our ability to make progress.
Michael Klein: I guess I would say that it's reasonable to -- I wouldn't assume it. I think it's reasonable to monitor that. I would say that our pricing strategy is reflective of our book of business and our loss experience. And so in many respects, we have a different rate need than another competitor because of the profile of our book, the mix of our book, we also do tend to write more full coverage. So even the product we're providing to the customer, right, when you get into the nonstandard market, you tend to see a little more liability only. And so that's going to change the pricing dynamics. But again, I would say we're seeking the rate we think we need based on our loss experience and the trends we see. But profile and mix of business could definitely in addition to what you just described, state mix is going to also have an impact on the aggregate headline number than any given carrier needs.
Michael Klein: Yes. Great question, Mike. It's Michael. I think our own data in terms of miles driven and external sources, whether you look at Department of Transportation or others, show a little bit of a slowdown in the back half of December. I'd say it's too soon to call that a trend. You've got the holiday in there, you've got weather impacts in there. There's a lot of noise around whether you got a good baseline comparison in terms of the data we're seeing, but it's certainly something we're paying attention to. But again, broadly speaking, in the quarter, we saw miles driven in claim frequency, again, largely approaching pre-pandemic levels across the period.
Alan Schnitzer: Michael, it's Alan. Let me start, and then I'll just kick it over to Dan. But just to clarify, we never said the sky was falling. We never said this was going to be the worst Just to clarify industry commentary. But let me -- let me turn it over to Dan for the substantive response.
Alan Schnitzer: Brian, it's Alan. I think we said price and the industry observers get very, very focused on that rate and loss trend number. And I think in some circumstances, that's appropriate and some is just you look at the overall 9.2 points of price, if you look at our effective execution and segmentation of that across the book that 9.2, if you look back over 15 or 20 years, you can't find that many quarters with price at that level. And so the combination of the rate we're getting and the exposure continues to contribute to written margin expansion.
Alan Schnitzer: I think we're going to stay away from giving a lot of specific forecasts. I mean, Greg, I think, did speak to that in his prepared remarks. So we do think that there are continue to be headwinds, and Greg specified what they were. We continue to think that we've got to do more to offset those. And so we'll continue to to price and execute to do that. But I think we're going to avoid giving specific outlook on a metric.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Elyse, yes, we have not changed our general view of loss trend in BI. But remember, loss trend is a long-term view of a loss inflation. And there are other levers for us to account for other sort of loss activity going on that we don't necessarily think as part of long-term trends. So we can change the base here. We can book losses relative to what we see in any particular quarter. And so I think you heard from Michael, in particular, I know your question was about BI, but you heard from Michael, in particular that we did book some losses in PI and BI as well for severity, think labor and material inflation. So we did see a little bit of that, and that's reflected in our numbers. I think you heard from Dan in his prepared remarks that in terms of social inflation, while I would say what we're seeing maybe is a little bit better than what we saw a few years ago, but we're assuming that's due to distortion in the data, and that hasn't abated at all. So we continue to account for that. And you mentioned climate change. Climate change is a hard one to think about in any given period because you think about weather patterns over a long period of time. But clearly, if you just look at four of the last five years, our cat experience was worse than what we would have expected. And so whether that's climate change, whether that's other factors, think demographic changes, people moving into harm's way, people building larger homes. I mean there's all sorts of things that are contributing to that. But we do see weather patterns, and we do take weather patterns into account in our loss picks and our pricing.
Alan Schnitzer: As we look out into the future, and this is always the case, there's nothing unusual about this moment in time, but the crystal ball gets a little bit easy sometimes. And so, it's hard for us to be very specific about how long anything is going to last. Any trend is going to last in this business. But when we look at overall pricing in BI in excess of nine and think about where loss trend is, we're comfortable where the trends are heading. And I shared as we do from time to time that our pricing ex workers' comp was seven, which is also a historically very strong number. And so we look at all that and say it's going to continue to -- certainly based on our view of estimated loss trends, continue to contribute to margin expansion for exactly how long, I don't know, and it's going to vary by line. Greg pointed out and you can see in the data we've been getting pretty good price increases for a while now, which has changed our overall return profile and view of rate adequacy. So from here, some lines are will keep going up. Some will go sideways, some -- the rate of increase will decrease. But we're very comfortable. We executed on a very deliberate basis. We've got the data. We've got the insight. And really importantly, we've got the underwriting expertise at the point of sale to know what we want to do on that marginal account. So it's about getting the right price on the account and either putting it in the portfolio if we don't have it or keeping it if we do. And so we're very comfortable with the execution and what the outlook is.
Alan Schnitzer: I don't know how to answer that question with great precision. I mean, it's in part why I chose to point out the wage inflation from the Bureau of Labor statistics because wage inflation relative to headcount increase, for example, you'd think of as a relatively larger increase to margin contribution. But other than that -- and it's all sort of a blunt instrument. We spent a lot of time thinking about how we should be thinking about the contribution of exposure to margins and it's complicated for us. And again, another place we probably have more insight into the data. But it's a complicated analysis and there's a lot of judgment involved. But at least one component to think of is wage inflation versus headcount increases.
Alan Schnitzer: David, we typically actually don't give that number. We get it from time to time episodically when we think it's relevant for providing an insight into the results we're achieving. But we don't give it routinely. I'm not even sure I know of and how that number is necessarily trended, although I would probably just pull the lens back a little bit and say, over the last few years, pricing has been very strong. And so I mean that's probably the lens I'd give you on that.
Alan Schnitzer: And David, I'll just share just stepping back from the results in the quarter. Key to everything we do and key to I think the success we had in BI is franchise value. It's having products and services, our customers, agents and brokers value. It's having the data and analytics to segment the risk and get the right price on it. It's making sure we've got great experiences for all of our constituencies. It's a lot of hustle. And all of our innovation priorities and all the investments we're making are generally speaking, aligned to those things. So I do think that has an impact on everything. It's on our retention and our ability to get the pricing did and on the new business.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Well, I guess that's not exactly true. I mean for -- just to give you an example on the top of my head, we acquired Insurer match not too long ago. But I think you're asking a philosophical questions we'll give you a philosophical answer we approach it pre agnostically. So we're happy to buy it. We're happy to build it and are happy to license it. And in virtually every significant investment we make, we take a step back and we say, what are the capabilities we need and what's the fastest, most cost-effective, least risky way to get it. And if it's proprietary, we want to own it or control it or buy it or develop it. If it's not, we're happy to go get it in other ways. But in any significant investment we make, we do a very thorough evaluation of all the opportunities.
Dan Frey: Sure, Michael. So it's a fair question. We say the same thing exiting 2021, as we've been saying for the past several quarters, which is when we look back, back to the beginning of the pandemic and the reserves that we established related to losses specifically for the pandemic sitting here at the end of 2021, it's still the case that the majority of those losses are sitting in IBNR. And as we've said in each of the last few quarters, I think we've taken a cautious approach in that regard. I think there's uncertainty as to what the ultimate severity may be for some of those claims. We know courts are not yet fully reopened. So, reporting patterns may be slowed we're just going to continue to take a cautious approach. Having said that, within our PYD figures, there is favorability from accident year '20, there's also favorability from accident years, '19, '18, '17, '16, '15, '14 and so on. So I think we're trying to be cautious. We're not ignoring where there's good news. I just think the degree to which we're reacting to that good news has been pretty cautious.
Dan Frey: Ryan, it's Dan. So I know I go through the comments fast, but in my comments, I gave you $34 million of benefit to the underlying in the quarter, which was $10 million to BI and $24 million to PI, but the lion's share 220 plus was to cats.
Dan Frey: So a couple of comments there, Ryan. One, I think some of the analysts have assumed that the attachment point was a proxy for our for our cat load. We've never said that and it doesn't work quite that way. Having said that, the increase in the attachment point is generally going to be reflective of the growth of our business. So, as the business is bigger, we would expect cat losses on a dollar basis to grow. And then, the attachment point and the change from $5 million deductible per event to a $10 million deductible per event. That's the combination of what was available in the marketplace and what we felt was an appropriate deal to pursue.
Dan Frey: Yes. We're really -- so the printed number just to make sure we're looking at the same thing as an 83.3% this quarter, down from an 85% last quarter. That's mostly driven that improvement is mostly driven by the impact of earned price relative to loss trend. COVID in the fourth quarter of last year was not a big factor.
Dan Frey: I don't think so. There's a lot of things around the edges. I think the fundamental point is it's not -- margins are not just going to necessarily behave in line with the headline rate versus trend.
Dan Frey: Tracy, it's Dan. It's really more of the latter. So if you look at -- this is now the fourth year we've had this treaty. And it's always covered a $500 million layer. How much of that lighter we place each year is a function of our view of appropriate price in terms and conditions and the reinsurers view of appropriate pricing terms and conditions. And so, we went from 86% the first year down to 56% the second year. This last year was up to 70%. This year is in at 45%. It's -- we're not trying to manage the total cost of the treaty. Pricing did not move that significantly on the treaty. It's really just an intersection of our appetite and the reinsurance market's appetite.
