Alan Schnitzer: Sure, Jay. Thanks for the question. As you can imagine we’re always following all of the emerging issues and talc has been on our list of issues to follow for a long time. We don’t comment on any individual insurers. That wouldn’t be appropriate. But we will say as it relates to that issue and virtually any other issue – maybe not even virtually just every other issue, all the news is in the public domain and all the news that we’re aware of in the public domain or not is reflected in our thought process that goes into reserve. So I think I’ll leave that there.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Randy, it’s a broad question because I think you got to sort of almost look at it business-by-business across the place. You can definitely see in the exposure numbers that it’s at a healthier clip than recent periods this quarter and we do look at that and there’s nothing really unusual going on underneath. So we do attribute that to economic activity. But there are others strategic things going on in the business that we think are driving premium growth. So we’ve spent some time at Investor Day talking to you about the things that Greg and his team are doing in Business Insurance. All designs create top line opportunities for us with no change in appetite, no change in approach to risk but just the value proposition that we offer to our agents, brokers and customers. And it’s still reasonably early days but the traction has been good and that’s reflected in the new business numbers you see Middle Market there. And I’d say the same thing for Tom’s business, a lot of strategic things underway. I think he also talked about most of them at the Investor Day last fall and we think that’s making a difference. Are these seismic changes in market share, I doubt it, but I think it is contributing to really healthy production and really healthy earned premium results.
Alan Schnitzer: Randy, I think it’s an even mix. And let me just reiterate something that I said in my prepared remarks which is when we look at the change in written premium quarter-to-quarter, for example, there’s a large part of that that’s coming from retained dollars. So that’s an equivalent retention rate on a higher base of expiring premium and rate. And so we view that as a very positive thing and a reflection of a lot of hustle by a terrific field organization and great data and analytics at the point of sale. But we think that really speaks to the quality of the business that we’re putting on. And again the fact that we’ve got no change in appetite, no change in our approach to risk just really solid execution again account-by-account basis whether that’s on a retained basis or a new basis. There is some exposure in that 5.3 points of price and again we do think that’s a function of economic activity and there’s some rate in there. So I think in terms of what we’re doing in the marketplace production top line, Randy, we free great about it and firing all on cylinders.
Alan Schnitzer: Good morning, Elyse. Thanks for the question. Obviously, tariffs in conversation about trade generally is in the news and it’s completely appropriate to point it out. Tariffs presumably would impact the inputs that go into loss cost as are a lot of things, by the way, that impact the way we think about loss cost. I think generally we would look at that as affecting short-term lines and things that we could react to. So we don’t look at it. There’s no sort of outsized expectations here but we’re watching it. There’s a lot of rhetoric out there, so we’re just anticipating what could happen. I think the important takeaways are largely affect short term lines and we can react to it. And you and anybody can have a view on what those tariffs are likely to do to economic activity which we think has as much leverage for us positively or negatively as on the inflation side of things. So that’s the way I think about tariffs at least.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, as always, we give you some texture on outlook in the 10-Q for renewal price change and so we’re probably not going to get more granular than that. There’s not much more competitively sensitive than our pricing strategies. I’ll make some observations though. We do see a steady trend over the course of the year actually probably going back to beginning of 2017, we feel pretty good about that. The breadth of where we’re getting the rate gains continues to widen. We think that’s a good thing. Retention hasn’t shown any stress at all at where we are in the mid to high-80s, we got a long way to go before we’d feel like we were sacrificing retention. But we haven’t. Retention has held up. And so we feel pretty good about it. We are not – as I always remind you, we’re not executing for a headline number. We’re executing one account at a time to achieve a targeted return on that account and on our portfolio. So all-in-all, we feel pretty good about that. So maybe I’ll leave it there and happy to respond to a follow up if you have.
Alan Schnitzer: I think what Greg’s comment was is that and this is for all of BI that earned pricing is about covering loss trend. And so we’ve had a bunch of quarters in a row where we’ve told you that loss trend outpacing pricing has been a contributor to the underlying combined ratio. This is the first quarter probably in a while we haven’t mentioned that because the impact really is quite small. And that’s on an earned basis not a written basis. Obviously written basis would be more favorable.
Alan Schnitzer: So, Kai, Greg mentioned a bunch of the sort of smaller items that – those things move around every quarter. They’re not predictable. And we try to do our best to give you a sense in the outlook section as good as we can but there’s obviously a lot of estimation in that. And obviously whether it’s base year or small weather or whatever, those things are going to move a little bit in positives and negatives and you tally them up and there’s a net impact. But it’s that kind of thing.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s a variety of things for which there’s always going to be normal variability. There’s no fundamental change in our view of loss trend in the quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: And Kai that’s not to say that our view of trend is zero, right. We’re aware of everything going on out there – at least we think we’re aware of everything going on out there that has the potential to impact those sorts of things and it’s reflected in our view of profitability and in our pricing.
Alan Schnitzer: No, that’s not what we’re saying. If you take the underlying combined ratio and you eliminate, for example, the fire losses, the observation was there are a number of factors and Greg mentioned the significant ones in his prepared remarks that impacted unfavorably the period-over-period underlying combined ratios. So the net of all those things; some were good guys, some were bad guys but the net of those things was a quarter-over-quarter negative.
Alan Schnitzer: Let me just follow-up quickly on your – my answer to your prior question. I just want to make sure I’m clear about this. There are always going to be things in a quarter that are variations from our expectations because our view of base year is going to change or the underlying weather is going to change or all the things that Greg mentioned, there are always puts and takes in that process. But what we’re telling you is there’s no fundamental change in the underlying trend. Those are just things that are always going to move one way or the other. So that’s the color I was trying to give you.
Alan Schnitzer: So if you look in our outlook in the 10-Q, we give you a view on what the underlying underwriting margin and underlying combined ratio is going to do compared to the same period in 2017. So you can take a look at that. A significant part of that is we are assuming that putting this quarter aside, what we saw in the corresponding periods in 2017 where we had adverse small weather and we had adverse large loss activity, our view going forward for the second half of '18 is that those things will return to more normalized levels.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. We’re giving you our best view of outlook in the 10-Q but there are things that are going to change in small ways and there’s a number of those things this quarter and they net – you can do the math, take out the large losses but they net to what they net to.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure, Greg. You’re exactly right. We have a very active innovation agenda going on. We view that as a very important part of the strategic work that we’re doing and we think it’s important for us and for this industry. So we’re hard at work. Yes, we have for a long time been an independent agent broker company and I think we will for the foreseeable future. I don’t think that distribution channel is going anywhere. And I would say that as we think about insured tech, it goes way beyond distribution. There are opportunities to invest and think about opportunities whether it’s in collection and leveraging new data sources or whether it’s in leveraging artificial intelligence, whether it’s in using drone technology to reduce claim cost. We think very aggressively about innovation across the entire value chain, and so from marketing to claim settlement and everything in between. We do think that distribution is obviously an important part of that and we’re highly focused on it. And we bought Simply Business last year because we knew that advancing our capabilities as it related to engaging with commercial accounts was going to be important and we needed to advance our capabilities. At the moment where you see distribution on a direct basis in commercial insurance, it’s micro. And that’s not just us; that’s the industry. It’s really, really small stuff, think hundreds of dollars of premium but we do see something of a trend there and we’re not going to miss that. We’ll see where it goes and we’ll see how fast it goes but we’re on top of it.
Alan Schnitzer: The answer is yes. Clearly our view of margins does incorporate a view of loss trends that has a view of severity which in turn has a view of inflation in it. I’ll just remind you that our results are most heavily leveraged to medical wage and toward inflation. So we’re not as highly leveraged to the typical sort of CPI kind of inflation that impacts short-term lines and that we think we can react to. But whether it’s CPI type stuff and the potential impact of tariffs or whether it’s wages or whether it’s medical or social inflation, whatever it is, our view of it is reflected in our outlook in margins. We could be surprised. It could be worse than we think, of course, but we do have a view of it and we look at it on a very, very granular basis aligning to the individual components of our lost cost. So we have a pretty sophisticated process of looking at it and it’s incorporated in our view.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so the question is over what cycle do you look at, at changes in weather patterns? And so just to take you back on a slightly longer-term view, if you go back to 2009 weather was better than we expected; 2010 to 2012, a few year period, that was worst than we expected. Then 2013 to 2015 I think it was better than we expected. 2016 was about on plan. So my point is you look back over time and you have some good periods and you have some bad periods. And so we look at now what’s been a four to six quarter period and we’re not going to overreact to it, but we will react to it. So the first thing we’ll do is we will update our actuarial and weather models for the actuarial activity. So just that alone rolling through our models will change our view of the world if we did nothing else. As we are always looking at recent weather activity and trying to decide how to weigh more recent periods as compared to longer periods, that’s an ongoing process here and part of our thought process around weather. Again, we wouldn’t look at four to six quarters and overreact to that. And then we always look at lessons learned from weather activities and there are always lessons learned any time you have catastrophes like this. So we look at it. We take it in stride. We take it into account. We put it into our models. But we would not look at a year or so and say that we’ve seen a fundamental change because we’ve seen this before.
Alan Schnitzer: We will push for rate in those lines and on those accounts where we need it and that’s the way we always execute. We got lots of accounts in our book of business that are rate adequate and we’re going to try really hard to keep those accounts. As always, there’s some portion of our book where we look at an account and say that needs rate and we will continue to try to get rate there. And the aggregate of those individual account decisions will aggregate up to a number. I would say there is sort of a lot of things out there that are working together. So pricing is better. Interest rates are picking up, that’s on a lag basis. It will work its way into net investment income. You’ve got the benefit of tax reform. You’ve got all the other levers that impact profitability; things like selection, mix, claims handling and expense initiatives. So all of that goes into the hopper and we’re always managing all of those levers to make sure that we’re executing towards our return objectives.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, let me take the second one first. So we don’t think – we think it’s appropriate that it’s covering loss cost trend. It’s just the map we have and maybe what you’re leaving out, Josh, is the economic impact of the earned exposure, a significant portion of which behaves like rate. And then again – we all and by that I mean you all get very, very focused on this very narrow rate versus loss trend. And again that ignores the economic component of exposure that behaves like rate and it ignores all the other things that go into improving margin. And again I just mentioned the list but things like selection and mix and claims handling and expense initiatives, that’s all in there. So you can’t look at that 2.1 in isolation without thinking about all the other factors that impact margin. In terms of the outlook, a significant part of the improvement is what was adverse small weather and large losses last year returning to more normal levels. But everything is in the number, right. It reflects everything we know in terms of the outlook. But as we identify in the 10-Q, that is very significantly a return to normal level of small weather and large losses.
Alan Schnitzer: We update our models on a pretty regular basis and they reflect everything that we know or are aware of or think about on an outlook basis. It’s hard to look at any one element in our pricing model and isolate it, but we do have a view of inflation and we put it in there. If you’re talking about interest rates --
Alan Schnitzer: You think about net investment income in particular. I would say you need to think about the fact that that will flow through our fixed income portfolio on a lag basis because as Jay Benet just explained the portfolio has to turn over. So the impact of – the favorable impact of interest rates will be muted by that fact.
Jay Benet: Kai, this is Jay. What we’re referring to is not just the non-cat losses. We’re just talking about non-variability – I’m sorry, return to whatever view is of normal for these things that will vary from quarter-to-quarter, non-cat losses being one of them, but we said all other loss activity. So we weren’t trying to just spike out the non-cats.
Jay Benet: I think my response is going to be something you’re going to feel all that great about in the sense that we don’t have a view and have never had a view of future PYD. Every quarter we do a very, very thorough and diligent review of all of our reserves to make sure that whatever trends we’re seeing, whatever changes in those trends we’re seeing, whatever data we’re seeing is not only factored into the reserve estimates but factored into our pricing on a very current basis. So we make no predictions whatsoever as to the future of PYD. Now looking back at history you can see that we have had considerable amounts of PYD in some periods and less PYD in other periods. So it has fluctuated. There’s no change in the way we think about the business. There’s no change in the way we think about reserving. So I think you can draw your own conclusions as to what might happen in the future but we make no predictions. Our view is we need to get the reserves right. They represent management’s best estimate. And what new information comes up in the future, we adjust it.
Jay Benet: It’s a good question but you have to realize that it’s really being driven by the actual securities that are maturing in a particular period of time and assumptions associated with the reinvestment rate that’s going to be available at that time. And it will be determined by the actual investment opportunities then and what the yield curve looks like and where interest rates are in general. But at this stage that’s our best view as to what’s maturing and what the interest rates might be.
Jay Benet: Hi, Brian. This is Jay. Within our pricing models as we’ve said in the past, we take into account not an embedded rate in the portfolio when it comes to looking at the product cash flows. We look at the product cash flows associated with a current interest rate environment and a view towards the future with regard to how things are being invested along the yield curve. So the pricing models themselves would be updated based on current views of interest rates. However, having said that, it’s not done in isolation, as Alan is talking about. And one of the things that you have to look at is what are your return expectations? The return expectations for products change when the 10-year treasury is at 2% versus when the 10-year treasury is at 3%. So it’s not just that it goes in and immediately has a point-for-point, dollar-for-dollar impact on the pricing. It’s a very thoughtful approach to it.
Jay Benet: When we think about how that portfolio is doing, we like its performance and on a long-term basis or a plan basis we think it’s performing well. It’s just not performing as well as it did in the prior year quarter. But if you look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, I think you’ll see the second quarter is very much in line with some recent quarters. And as you know, it’s got a combination mostly of private equity and real estate partnerships and real estate owned. So there’s going to be some fluctuation in it. But we liked the performance of the portfolio.
