Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our third quarter 2017 results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, Chief Operating Officer. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions. In addition, other members of senior management are in the room, including Bill Heyman, Chief Investment Officer; Michael Klein, President of Personal Insurance; Tom Kunkel, President of Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Greg Toczydlowski, President of Business Insurance. Before I turn it over to Alan, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that available in the Investors section on our website travelers.com. And now, Alan Schnitzer.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. We're now ready to open it up to Q&A and if I can ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you very much for joining us today, and also we look forward to seeing a number of you at our Investor Day on November 13th. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Kai. Good morning, it's Alan. Thanks for the question. Let me start with it. We're going to try not to in the outlook try to break this down between the components of loss and expense. We give you a sense as best we can looking at our crystal ball which is never perfect and the world is never going to turn out exactly as we thought, but we try to give you as good a sense as we can on the overall profitability by segment. In terms of the rate in particular, you can see the written rate that we've been getting and obviously you can see for example, in BI, quarter-over-quarter, and so that will of course earn in and that will be a component of what gets reflected in our outlook, as will the impact of the expense ratio that you see in the nine months, but we're going to try not to break it down between the loss and expense ratio component.
Alan Schnitzer: And Kai, as it relates to the reinsurance you asked that as well. We certainly try to evaluate as best we can from the outside every deal we see announced by others and we are talking to the same people that are on the other side of those transactions evaluating them for us. So no lack of analysis on our end or looking into it. If we found a deal that we thought really made a difference from an economic perspective we would certainly be interested that. We certainly see transactions that provide some limited duration benefit in terms of the GAAP accounting, but when we look at it from an economic basis and get down to the cash flows, we just haven't seen one yet that makes sense for us.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. We've been saying for some time Jay that for over a year now as we look at our book and we look down the road out at the horizon that we're going to need to improve written rate to meet our return objectives as part of our overall strategy and we've been doing that for some time and you can see we've had some incremental but steady success in it. And when we look at the factors, when we look at the weather we had in the third quarter, when we look at some of the other things going on in the world, that's what's captured everyone's attention. I actually don't think that's the bigger part of the story. I think the bigger part of the story are the underlying dynamics that are driving the overall margins and profitability in this business. And when we look at that and we look at the accounts that we have, we say that it's time to move a little bit. We're not executing towards a headline number. You take all our accounts and we take all our accounts and we segment them very thoughtfully and for some time we've been getting rate in excessive loss trend on the accounts that are most returned challenge for us and we're getting to a point where our need to get rate is sort of extending up the continuum and that's reflected in the fact that this quarter we got rate on the higher percentage of our accounts than we did last quarter and the quarter before that et cetera, et cetera and its been our intention to lead into that. And the events of this quarter and the overall circumstances that I've described caused us to say that we're going to lien into it a little bit more and we feel a little bit more confident in our ability to achieve it.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Randy, it's Alan. I'll start and maybe Jay will have something to add, but the only reason that we gave a view on Harvey is because we were speaking at a conference that wasn't FD compliance and we wanted to talk about it at that conference and so we made a disclosure about it. That was relatively near to the event and so there was a relatively higher degree of uncertainty around our losses at that point, and so the range we gave reflected what we thought and all the information and uncertainty we had at the time, and we've had a significant amount of time elapse from then to now. We've had the opportunity to inspect virtually all of our claims and as I said, the vast majority of our property claims are closed. Not that there's no uncertainty left, but we feel much better from a certainty perspective and are confident in the number we put up. So I would really say nothing dramatically changed. It was the passage of time that gave us more insight into the losses.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, you know, we - in terms of the storms in the third quarter, we ended the third quarter with our balance sheet in very strong shape, so there's nothing from the third quarter where we feel like we've got to build back a capital deficit to any degree at all. So the fourth quarter will be business as usual in the sense that we'll look at what our earnings are expected to be and we'll consider buybacks accordingly. As Jay said in his prepared remarks, the wildfires are out there. That's an ongoing event that will be significant for us and so we'll evaluate that in our fourth quarter outlook for earnings as we make decisions about buybacks.
Alan Schnitzer: Amit, I don't think we've got a lot of insight to give you on that. Obviously, we'll be thinking about it over the coming weeks and months, and I guess one reason we're not particularly preoccupied by this, we don't buy all that much reinsurance. We're gross line underwriter. We like our underwriting and so we don't buy that much. So on a relative basis we're less impacted by that. I would hope that our thoughtful underwriting as it was demonstrated in these storms would factor into whatever pricing we negotiate when it comes up, but it's just not something we spend a lot of time running our hands over.
Alan Schnitzer: You know, Amit, you've got commercial auto on one end of the spectrum, you've got workers comp on the other end of the spectrum and everything else sort of falls in the middle in terms of where it is in terms of rate adequacy. But what I would tell you though and one of the reasons why in my prepared remarks I was so deliberate about talking not just about the storms that is captured everyone's attention, but about the other underlying factors in the business is those are real. Things like where interest rates are, things like what weather has done, we've got pricing and loss trend over several years that that impacts all the lines. So we view the - our pricing objectives I should say go beyond the property line, really extend across all our lines and all our geographies. So we're not thinking of this as property-related or coastal related. We're thinking about it much more broadly.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Elyse it's Alan, I'll start and see if Brian has anything to add, but Harvey was by and large a flooding event for us and as it turns out, our underwriting held up and we feel good about it. It's not, you know, we have a pretty good market share in the State and our losses we think are reflected of the fact that we do have proprietary address by address flood underwriting that really stood up to it and so we feel good about it. Whether there's incremental opportunity, you know, after every one of these big events we take a step back and we think about how we feel about our exposures and how we feel about opportunity and what the lessons learned are from that event and how we apply those to exposure elsewhere. So we will be going through a post-mortem process and assessing how we feel about our coastal flood exposure and we may look at that and say, boy we could take on a little bit more. We may look at it and say we're just right or we may look at it and say we would like a little bit less and we're in that process, but it could be we find more opportunity there. On the personal line side, I think that's a much more complicated question and you get into the NFIP. It's really hard to compete with the government program that prices at the discount that it does and as long as there's that program out there, pricing at the discounts at actuarially sound rates, you know, it's not going to be an opportunity for us or anybody.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, we're as interested in it as you are. I would say it's early. The event is ongoing, and it's hard for us to give a sense right now, so I'm not sure what else to add there.
Alan Schnitzer: I'm also not sure that on such a small component that we're necessarily going to give a perspective on a run rate expense versus strategic initiative like that. It's all factored into our outlook and margins for the segment.
Jay Benet: Yes, thanks. As it relates to the asbestos like every other reserve we take our best shot looking at all of the data we have available at points in time to evaluate what the reserve should be, and as part of that, we're making assumptions as to what the future looks like with regard to the level of activity that it will take place in terms of meso deaths and also look at what kind of settlement costs or litigation costs we face, and come up with as I said our best estimate, and what's been taking place over the last several years, as we said in our description of the environment is the environment really hasn't changed very much, but the assumptions we've made that possibly would lead to a fall off in the amount of activity just haven't borne out. So there’s nothing about our reserve increase that reflects a dramatically changing environment and we thought we’d add some color to it this quarter with regard to this page we added to the webcast as it relates to what's been taking place in the various cohorts associated with mesothelioma deaths and we'll see what happens in the future. But as it relates to making any change in process or whatever we didn't think that was appropriate.
Jay Benet: You know, so and I missed a little bit of the beginning. You said accounts of 32- 3Q, I am sorry, yeah. So, I think it's - some of the stuff is obvious. In the really cat-exposed areas, the conversations are very clear. The perspective on the flood risk, the exposure to the wind, we were reminded once again of what those are, so there's more momentum there. But I think that it's more what Alan said in his opening. The overall environment of what we've been seeing in property. Two or three years ago we were saying that the line was in very healthy condition and although experiencing some price decreases.  The largest price decreases we were seeing in the book a couple years ago we thought it was a healthy line and we would manage it. A couple years later that compounding has impacted the core profitability. So we're looking at that. We're also seeing a little bit of inflation running through the book of business and that is you know in the labor and material side, a number that wouldn't even be big enough to warrant a comment other than the fact that we're beginning to see the line is already under some pressure and the potential for demand surge out of all of the cat activity is making that more dramatic. So a bunch of stuff going on in the line today and we think there's an opportunity to improve the profitability there.
Jay Benet: Any time you have large cats, you're settling claims quickly, but generally, those claims that you're settling are more straightforward ones. So when you look at the level of IBNR, that remains a great deal of uncertainty associated with the cat losses. So you know, we'll take - we've taken our best shot based on all of the information that we have available and we can't predict whether that will actually be higher or lower than what this will ultimately come out to be. I think we have a good track record of being fairly good at these estimates, but there is a lot of IBNR at this point in time.
Jay Benet: Yeah, you know, well first good morning, Sarah. Thanks for the question. I think that's a broader brush than we think about it. I think what you should takeaway is more than the one you see now. We talk about loss trend being for and we’d like to get to a point where we've got rate and the component of exposure that behaves like rate offsetting inflation and maybe even improving from there. So - but the other thing I would tell you is we're intent on doing this in a way that is thoughtful and controlled and close partnership with our agents and brokers and doing it in a way that isn't disruptive to our customers and we think that's actually a much better model for them. So this isn't anything we need to achieve tomorrow or next week or all one fell swoop next quarter. This is going to be a gradual process over time.
Jay Benet: Yeah, the four is a broad number and it covers our whole Business Insurance premium base. So obviously, there's variation among the products and businesses within that, and the fact that we've had as much PYD as we've had over recent years suggests that it's come in lower than that. We don't, in terms of our pricing, expect that that's going to continue forever. We expect that over time loss trend is going to return to a longer term average and so our longer term outlook continues to be four.
Jay Benet: Yeah, what you're saying, we closed the acquisition of Simply Business this quarter, so what you're going to start seeing is the G&A expense is going to be influenced by what's taking place with regard to their expense base, and from the other side of the coin, the other revenue line is where their revenue numbers are getting consolidated, so that will just work its way through our consolidated results going forward.
Jay Benet: There's also costs associated with the acquisition itself that are flowing through that and so I wouldn't look at it at this point as a run rate, but you can develop it over time. I think ultimately what you'll see is if you look at what's taking place with regard to revenues versus expenses, in total, it's not a big delta.
Michael Klein: Hey, Jay. This is Michael Klein from Personal Insurance. Thanks for the question. And first, thanks for noticing that the underlying combined ratio was below a hundred and actually improved year-on-year. That's actually the first time in a while that that's been the case. Brian gave the main drivers of the quarter-over-quarter change. I think to your question, you know what's the longer term outlook, we think really, there are two or three really key questions there. One is when are we in terms of pricing, where are we in terms of pricing for the increased bodily injury loss estimates that we recognized in the back half of last year. The second is 10 year playing out the way we anticipated and the third really is you know, at the core of your question what's our outlook for personal auto profitability and I'll just take those three real quickly in turn. Brian did mention we'll have achieved enough rate on our written basis by the end of 2017 to cover the increased level of bodily injury losses. That's on a written basis, so on an earned basis we remain on track to have done that by the end of ‘18 which is consistent with that 18 to 24 month timeframe that we laid out at the beginning of the year. With respect to 10 year, just a couple comments. One, it's important to note that the reason we spiked that out initially was that it had an outsized impact on these kind of period to period comparisons due to the elevated levels of new business that we were writing. As we've talked about the impact of 10 year from one period to the next, the delta that it drives dissipates as new business levels return to normal and as the portfolio matures, which is what's begun to happen in 2017. So from this point forward, 10 year becomes less of an anomaly quarter-over-quarter and just one of many factors that you need to think about as you look at our results. I think what's most important to takeaway this quarter as respect to personal auto as we have begun to turn the corner on profitability. Earned rate is exceeding loss trend and it's combining with underwriting and process changes, growth and expense ratio reduction to drive that improving underlying profitability that you see. As noted in our outlook, we expect underlying profitability and agency auto to improve over the next four quarters relative to the comparable prior periods. I would remind you given we're going into the fourth quarter that fourth quarter is a relatively high combined ratio period from a seasonality perspective, so you've got to sort of factor that into your overall evaluations. But at the end of the day, we feel good about the progress we're making towards our target combined ratio and that progress will continue through 2018 and into 2019.
Michael Klein: Sure, Brian. I would say as with respect to the industry trend information, we've seen the second quarter ISOFastTrack data taking a look at it. I would make - I think the same comment we typically make about that data which is it's paid data. It's an interesting data point and certainly not complete, but as we look at the ISOFastTrack data, we look at our own trend experience, you know, we think those results are relatively consistent with what we're seeing. As I mentioned in the earlier questions, sort of dissecting the components, you know, not a lot of change - and I think that I mentioned this, as you think about all of the dimensions underneath the underlying combined ratio there's not really any significant change in any of them this quarter.
Michael Klein: Yes, stepping back I would say that there's an increasing awareness and consciousness in the mind of the risk manager and whether that's a job description for somebody in a big company or proprietor in a small business. I think there's a greater sense of the need for the product and we think that's a healthy thing and we think to a degree that we'll be there to help solve that problem. Having said that, we are extraordinarily mindful that it's an emerging risk and there's a lot about it we know and there's a lot about it we don't know and that gets factored into the way we think about the industries we want to write in, the individual risks we want to write, the lines we put out, the reinsurance programs that we have. And so we do think that it will continue to be a growing opportunity and we will continue to be cautious in the way we approach it.
