Tom Kunkel: Thanks, Greg. Bond & Specialty delivered strong returns and double-digit growth in the quarter despite the ongoing headwinds of COVID-19. Segment income was $164 million, nearly flat with the prior year quarter as the benefit of higher business volumes and a higher level of net favorable prior year reserve development were offset by an underlying combined ratio, which while still strong at 85%, was higher than the prior year quarter, the underlying combined ratio of 3.7 points driven by the impact of higher loss estimates for management liability coverages, primarily losses attributable to COVID-19 related economic conditions. As we discussed last quarter, the products that we write in this segment are susceptible to elevated loss levels in times of severe economic downturn. We experienced that during the financial crisis, and again, in recent quarters due to the impacts of the pandemic. Nonetheless, with the strong rate levels we’re achieving, we expect that the underlying combined ratio in 2021 will improve a little bit from the roughly 87% in the second half of 2020. Turning to top line, net written premiums grew an outstanding 12% in the quarter, reflecting continued improved pricing in our management liability business with nearly flat Surety production despite the continued economic impact of COVID-19 on public project procurement and related bond demand. In our domestic management liability business, we’re pleased that renewal premium change increased to a record 10.9%, driven by record high renewal rate change, while retention of 89% remained near historical highs. These production results demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy to pursue rate in light of elevated loss activity, while maintaining strong retention levels in our high quality portfolio. We will continue to pursue rate increases where warranted. Domestic management liability new business for the quarter increased $13 million, primarily reflecting our thoughtful underwriting in this elevated risk environment. Consistent with last quarter, submissions are up, while quote activity is down. So, Bond & Specialty results were again strong despite the challenges brought on by COVID-19. Beyond the numbers, notwithstanding our focus on managing through the challenging environment, we continued to invest in differentiating our businesses in the eyes of our customers and agents and broker partners, while positioning ourselves for continued profitability and competitiveness in the future. Some highlights from 2020 include, continuing investments in our surety business to help our contractor clients more effectively manage risk, while providing insights that will enable them to more profitably manage their business, piloting digital platforms that will improve the speed and convenience of accessing management liability and small surety products for our agents and brokers and investing in a new sales management platform that will enhance productivity, optimize workflow management and increase sales. Lastly, I’d like to thank our employees and distribution partners for their commitment to creatively and effectively addressing the needs of our customers in these most unusual times. And now, I will turn it over to Michael to discuss Personal Insurance.
Tom Kunkel: Michael, this is Tom Kunkel. I just want to jump in quickly and mention that I did misspeak when I was discussing management liability new business. I believe I said it increased by $13 million and it actually decreased by $13 million.
Tom Kunkel: And the way it looks really in the management liability businesses is the focus has been largely on pricing, but certainly a lot of work on deductible, self-insured retentions and limits coming down in a number of cases. And if we are really going to see a change of policy terms in the near future, cyber would certainly be the most likely place where that would occur in the short-term.
Alan Schnitzer: Michael, we are at record levels and we are compounding on compounding, so it’s hard to look at this execution and find any negative in that. And from here, the outlook is positive also on the historical numbers the segmentation is really important and I think the point Greg made in his prepared remarks up about the benefit of the tightening terms and conditions and other numbers, so all that’s really important. And from here, I think this plays out for a while and it’s a function of rate adequacy. All the drivers are environmental. So, primarily loss activity think about social inflation, think about weathers, think about wildfires, if you got the interest rates that appear to be lower for longer costs and availability of reinsurance, pandemic losses impacting the industry and I suspect for some markets, maybe so reckoning with social inflation. So, I expect that as the favorable rate environment to continue and to persist at levels that will result in expanding margins for a while.
Alan Schnitzer: I will just add to that, Ryan that our book is – Greg’s point is exactly right. There is a correlation there. But I just think given the high quality of accounts and business that we write we have actually done a little bit better than even we might have thought related to relevant – relative to economic activity.
Alan Schnitzer: Good morning. Our view on business interruption exposure for us remains unchanged. There is nothing in that FCA decision in Europe that causes to think any differently about our exposure or the reserves that we’ve put up for it. More recently, there was a decision earlier this week in Ohio related to another insurance company that was adverse to that company. And generally speaking, we prefer not to comment on pending litigation whether it’s ours or anyone else’s, but since you asked a question, I would just point out that our standard policy language is different from the language issue in that case in some very key respects. And so in Ohio and elsewhere, we remain very confident in our policy language and feel no differently about our business interruption exposure. And I guess I would just caution everybody to keep in mind that over the last few months and across the country, the vast majority of these cases have been in the favor of insurers.
Alan Schnitzer: Jimmy, there is just not much more competitively sensitive than our pricing strategy. So, I think we are going to probably stay away from where pricing is going by line. But I will just reiterate what we said before, which is we think this is a favorable pricing environment that that’s going to play out for a while and it’s a function of rate adequacy and there still is a rate need in commercial auto. So, to one degree or another, we will continue to I think benefit from the rate environment in commercial auto.
Alan Schnitzer: I just don’t have that data in front of me from prior recessions. And so I am a little hesitant to shoot from the hip. I am just not sure. I mean, as we are looking around the room at each other, I don’t think there is anything that we think would be all that particularly significant, but again, I just don’t have the data in front of me to be responsive to that.
Alan Schnitzer: Brian, just to put a finer point on Greg’s comment which I agree with, we have been at these types of retention levels before in Select. So, this isn’t an unusual place for us to be and I guess you are all looking at headline numbers we are looking at a very granular set of data underneath that shows us exactly what the execution is in terms of rate retention loss ratios. So, we feel very, very good about this execution.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, it’s a great question. I am glad you asked. We would have hoped that there would have been some federal liability protection, I just think given the way things have played out that’s probably less likely to happen. But there are a couple of things that still help one, there have been a number of states, I think more than 30 states that in one form or another have taken some kind of action to provide some COVID liability protection. At the federal level, we have got a more right leaning bench today than we did 4 years ago, certainly. So, that helps a little bit. And then we can address it through things like rate and risk control and risk selection. And as I mentioned before, in some industry classes, we have started to put in communicable disease exclusions where we think that could be important. So we are – it’s an exposure, it’s out there. I think it’s unfortunate, because I think it’s the plaintiff’s bar that benefits at the expense of economic recovery, but we will manage to it just fine.
Alan Schnitzer: Paul, let me just jump in. And I will let Greg fix whenever I get wrong. But I think neither actually, what in a market like this where in some cases, you got some capacity issues where you got firming rate distribution generally is solving problems in the market and so the accounts that end up in the market for trading are just more difficult risks to write. So, it’s not that it’s necessarily moving to E&S and it’s not their business is necessarily with economic issues, these are just difficult from an insurance risk perspective.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. So, circumstance subject to continuing pending litigation, so I am hesitant, particularly without the policy wording, there is – or certainly right in front of me to start parsing the language for you. So, maybe we can take that offline and figure out a way to do it, but probably right now, it’s not the right venue. I will say, we have said from the very beginning that we have got confidence in our policies in the way we think it would respond to business interruption. So far in virtually every case we have had, we haven’t had a bad outcome anyway. So I think I will just reiterate our confidence in the language that we have and say that we don’t feel any differently about our business interruption exposure and leave it at that for now if that’s okay.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes. Good morning, Michael. This is Greg. Yes, we continue to think we are at or near a bottom in workers’ comp and the evidence that we will get as the bureau loss cost recommendations and our own rate structure. And so yes, we continue to believe that and I’ll just remind you that we are an account solution and we feel terrific about our entire book of business. Workers’ comp is usually just one of the many solutions that we are offering our customers, but yes, we continue to believe we are at or near the bottom.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, as you said, Ryan, we have seen improvement with exposure. As the economy starts picking up we have shared with you for some time now that we do believe we are highly correlated with the overall GDP in terms of the GL workers’ comp, the ratable products that follow payrolls and sales receipts of that sort. And so as that starts picking up, we we believe we will see some as we are starting to see in our book already, some improvements in our production, specifically through the exposure metric.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, sure, Tracy. Just to give you a sense, you have two different dynamics between the property and the casualty wise. Property, you have a lot more opportunity on terms and conditions, I think deductibles insured the value margin clause language changes that help improve the margins for us and provide some coinsurance back to the customer. In terms of – I reference the term deal structure you can think of that more on the casualty side. And so umbrella, attachment points are increasing in women’s management making sure that we are putting very thoughtful capacity around the limits that we offer. So, that’s some of the activity that we are doing across the portfolio.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey, David. It’s Greg. Yes, that’s just competitively sensitive. So, we give you exposure overall, we give you rate, we give you our PC, but we really don’t breakdown exposure in terms of the insured exposure versus deal structure and terms and conditions. So that’s just something we don’t provide.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, good morning, Brian. Yes, it really is a combination of both our profit improvement initiatives, which isn’t just for Select, as we have been sharing, that’s across the entire BI portfolio. But when we look at the uptick in rate and the offset in retention, our product managers and underwriters can see the variance of the loss ratios versus what we retained and what we – what lapse that we feel very comfortable with the tradeoff between those two. So we are going to continue to improve the margins on that Select business. And then in terms of your comment on the pandemic, we have certainly seen since the pandemic, the Select business has felt the flow, the most reduction with the pandemic on smaller businesses. And so new business has absolutely felt that, but we feel great about the quality of the new business that we are writing in the Select business right now.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey, Josh. This is Greg. Yes, national accounts was down 5% for the year and that’s a business where a couple of large accounts can make up a quarter or a year and that was the case for us in 2020 where we just had more loss larger accounts than new and we felt that on the top line. Now, as you said, that it’s an important part of our portfolio where we are encouraged around the national accounts. And we have recently re-launched a service entry for claims service and we continue to invest in it and it’s an important part of our portfolio.
Dan Frey: Yes. So, I remember Tracy, when we talked about loss trend in BI that’s all in and that’s including our more recent views over the last couple of years of elevated loss environment for things like social inflation. And so when we are looking at – and now earned rate numbers that are coming through Business Insurance, that’s clearly ahead of loss trend. I think to your second point, where we are looking at the data as it comes in now and not assuming that that’s the new normal, we are assuming that what we are seeing is slower levels of claim payments that won’t necessarily ultimately be lower levels of claim payments. So we have stuck with our more normal long-term view that we think those lost costs are higher, but having said that, where rates are now we think rates ahead of lost trends.
Dan Frey: Yes, Elyse, it’s Dan. I will take that. So, price versus trend, I think Greg’s comments was a little more than a 1.5 point, so think about that as being between a 1.5 and 2 points. The other thing that Greg called out, which we would say in terms of the comparison might be a little unusual remember, in last year’s fourth quarter, we told you we took about a 1.5 point of sort of prior quarter catch up as we adjusted our view of the liability loss ratios last year. So that impacted the year-over-year comparison as well. To the COVID question, very modest as it was last quarter, so not really big enough to mention a small favorable, but think about that in the 10s of points, which is why it didn’t get attention in the scripts.
Dan Frey: Yes, Elyse, COVID has had some pluses and minuses on the expense side. On the one hand, there have been some higher provisions for things like bad debt, but there have been savings in things like travel and expenses. When you step back and look at the full year and on a consolidated basis, I am not at all surprised where we were I think coming out of last year, we said we would be happy with something around the 30, the full year this is at 29.9, I said again, in my comments, we are probably pretty comfortable at this level. So, I think we have settled and we are probably going to say on what we are thinking about expense ratio.
Dan Frey: Hey, Mike, it’s Dan. I think just thinking about the right dynamics, I don’t know that this necessarily leads you to conclusion about what we are going to do in the near-term. And again, we are going to think about this over a longer period of time, to the degree that, as Alan commented, we have experienced and been able to generate more top line growth in recent years than we had historically, the current COVID environment sort of notwithstanding, that’s something that we look to do on a go forward basis. And even this year plus 3%, when you adjust for the personal insurance auto refunds that we made, the comments that we made a year or so ago would still hold true, I think to the degree that the top line grows, that’s going to require us to hold more capital, because everything that requires capital grows with it, reserve balances grow, your investment portfolio grows. And the only point we were really trying to make when we made those comments a year or so ago was don’t think about us perpetually being able to return 100% of earnings in the form of dividends and buybacks. We are going to have to hold some of that for growth. So that would still be true, the amount by which we would have had to increase capital this year might be slightly less than we would have expected coming into the year, because COVID had a little bit of a dampening effect on the top line, but directionally all those same things would still hold true.
Dan Frey: Yes. Let me just give you a little bit of color on how we see or thinking about the workers’ comp loss activity. So, first of all, the, the COVID related claim rate is relatively low relative to the infection rate and lower than we might have expected. And the severity on COVID related workers’ comp is also coming in a little better than we had thought. There is – there continues to be some benefit from non-COVID related frequency as people are working from home, but there still is in our minds a degree of uncertainty to your point about how COVID related workers’ comp claims are going to play out over time. So we have been pretty cautious in the way that we have been looking for workers’ comp losses to make sure that we don’t get surprised by that.  Now, historically, putting COVID aside historically, in a recession, you get sort of offsetting forces in workers’ comp, you got people who want to stay on the job. So, they are less inclined to go out and so frequency is down a little bit. But severity goes up a little bit, because once people go out, they tend to stay out longer on workers’ comp, but historically for us in recessionary periods, the net of those two things have been a little bit of a positive. You mean every circumstance is different and so hard to know for sure, but that’s generally what we have seen in the past. And so, I think that’s sort of the landscape as we see it on workers’ comp loss activity.
Dan Frey: Hey, it’s Dan. All else being equal, no, you have seen mathematically, I think what you have seen in the last couple of quarters is what you would have expected to see based on the comments that we started making a year ago when we felt that we were reaching the point where rate was reaching or exceeding loss trend and then that would start to come through on an earned basis to the extent that written pricing has continued to increase. We would expect the earned impact of that to continue to increase on a lagging basis. Again, all else being equal and rarely is all else equal but looking at those two things, yes.
Dan Frey: Josh, it’s Dan, I am not quite sure I understand your question, but to the degree that, a lot of our Business Insurance accounts are subject to audit, including some business and national accounts. Generally speaking, in this year, we have seen a lower level of audit premium additions not surprisingly given the lower level of overall economic activity. I don’t have the data in front of me I don’t know that we have heard anything that’s particularly different in the national accounts front than say in middle market. So I think broadly speaking, we have seen audit premium activity behave probably not surprisingly in response to what you are seeing in the more general economy.
Dan Frey: Yes. And I would be careful about thinking headwind in terms of year-over-year there is less audit premium than there was last year. We haven’t yet reached the point where in aggregate audit premiums have turned negative, they are just lower, positive. So, it impacts the growth rate year-over-year. And to your point, it will continue for a while because in many cases, you are doing audits, 15 months after the policy terms were set in the first place. And so there is still a while to work through the COVID impact on policies that haven’t yet reached that maturity level.
Dan Frey: Hey, Meyer, it’s Dan. So, mix will contribute as you suggest right in the degree that there are different loss ratios in different parts of the book are growing at different paces, that’s going to have an impact. I will jump in here on this one, because on the exposure front, we have said when exposure is positive that a portion of exposure behaves like rate and therefore can be helpful to margins. It’s not necessarily the case that when exposures are modestly negative as they are here that the same holds true on the inverse. Here, what you are seeing is generally lower levels of insured exposures, fewer employees, lower levels of cash register sales, things that drives GL type exposure, unless you actually got to the point where say there was wage deflation and the price per risk was going down, but you don’t at least at this point have the same kind of adverse impact on margins from negative exposures that you do help to margins when exposures are running positive.
Dan Frey: Hey, Paul, it’s Dan. So, I guess I point you to the net investment income slide in the webcast presentation and I’d point you to Page 6. So, we gave you some outlook in terms of what we think the run-rate looks like for the fixed income portfolio. The variability that we have seen in the last three quarters has really been in the non-fixed income portfolio. And so if you look at the bottom right hand quadrant of that chart, it shows non-fixed income over the last eight quarters or so. And what you could see is sort of pre-COVID that was the last three quarters, pre-COVID had been $70 million or so of non-fixed income, then you see a big dip in the second quarter. And remember, at that time we talked about that was the impact of the disruption to the equity markets that happened in the first quarter coming through our results on a lagging basis in Q2. And then as markets have come back, we have seen some of that rebound to come through our numbers. And so what you see in Q3 and Q4 are very strong results in the non-fixed income portfolio. But if you just look at that chart, you should get the sense that part of that is to bounce back from the big dip we saw in the second quarter. And so I wouldn’t take that as indicative of a new run-rate on the non-fixed income base.
Dan Frey: Phil, it’s Dan. Let me jump in. I think we look at both of the last few quarters as extremely good results and the third quarter was maybe an outsized good result. Remember, as we have gone throughout the year, we’ve been trying to set our expectation of when you look at miles driven when we then filter that through what are the specifics of our book, what do we expect to see for losses then as months and quarters go by, losses actually emerge. So, it’s a little bit of a moving target. The variances have been significant, I wouldn’t put a tremendous amount of stock in and the difference of what came through the loss ratio in one quarter versus the next, I think, as Michael probably indicated and as you would not be surprised by on a go forward basis, we wouldn’t expect margins to continue to be that strong in auto and you see that reflected in our pricing actions in the most recent quarters. So I’d step back more and think about the year in aggregate, which has definitely had a benefit – definitely had a benefit from the COVID environment and recall that in response to that we have also returned more than $200 million of premiums to policyholders. I don’t know I can give you anymore specific answer than that.
