Alan Schnitzer: I don't think that we or any company could ever give that kind of assurance, we take our best people our best processes, we look at the data that we have, and we come up with our best estimate every quarter. When we look back over the last four quarters of decisions that we've made, and the estimates that that we published, we look at it and say gee based on the information we had at the time, we think we made the right call, we weren't too aggressive in any of our assumptions, we in fact picked close to the top end of the range and in many of those cases and again this quarter we looked at the data and we think we've done the right thing. So and that's one of the reasons why we wanted to provide Slide 21. You can see this is an industrywide phenomenon and you can see the extent of the shift at least from an industry perspective. This isn't in our data, but it's illustrative and relevant in thinking about our data, it's quite a significant shift. And in one of the associated factors is just lengthening of the claim development pattern and that's a difficult thing to assess as it emerges. And so, with every quarter, we get a new data point, with every new data point, we get a different trend line and we put our best estimate behind it and we continue to think running the business by the numbers, being very disciplined about that is the right way to do it. So, the answer is, we have got a long track record of managing that way over time. We think we're running it the right way and we think we have got the right estimate now, but I don't think we or anybody could give you a guarantee.
Alan Schnitzer: And Jay, I'll just add two things to that. One is, no change at all in our thought process or growth toward capital management. This is in ordinary course just a function of what we have been able achieve in terms of growing premium base. And two, one of the reasons why we can't give you a number is it's going to depend on what lines we're growing in and what the geography is and it's just not linear math behind it. So, we couldn't actually give you that target.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, I'd just add. It's just ordinary course. We treated workers' comp this period like we treated it every other period. And we didn't actually make a change to either our frequency trend or severity trend. It's the impact of adjustments to prior-year reserve that's rolling through the current year. 
Alan Schnitzer: No. Mike, I don't think that's the way we think about it at all. We don't ring a bell and say grow or ring a bell and say don't grow. We execute one account, one class of business at a time, and we do that with a return focus. And so, we're out there executing on our accounts, trying to retain the ones we want, on the prices and terms and conditions that we want. And we're out there hustling our new business that we find attractive and that meets our return objectives. And when the sum of those things adds up to growth, we'll grow. And when it doesn't, we won't. So, there's nothing about the growth that's contributed to the loss environment and we are pretty good about reflecting the loss environment into our pricing models. And so, the answer is, I don't think so. The other thing I would say is the growth that we've seen is -- and I don't want to diminish the strategic efforts that's led to new business. I think that's important and it's been successful. But a very big component of the growth that we've reported has come from a very strong foundation of retention and price on top of that. So, that's important to keep in mind as well. 
Alan Schnitzer: We've definitely increased the base year. And we also, last quarter, as we told you, increased the loss trend from there. So, we have increased both in commercial auto. Is that responsive, Larry? I'm trying to make sure... 
Alan Schnitzer: Larry, in response to that, given the environmental nature of that, most of the PIK for that is going to come from price. To some lesser degree, it will come from some risk selection, and that's a factor as well. And then, we'll calibrate our litigation strategy and those would be primarily the three levers we use to address it. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. Paul, again, we're executing one account at a time. And so, we're making the right decisions on price and retention, we think. I think one takeaway that we take from the retention is that there is certainly more room to go. The market is not pushing back on us, which I think is evidence that these really are environmental issues. So, we think the execution is terrific and we think there's more room to go. I think, also, in terms of our customers and our distribution relationships, doing this thoughtfully, slowly , steadily, I think there's a lot of benefit to that. And so, that's part of our execution strategy. 
Alan Schnitzer: David, it continues to be both. Again, I think the right way to look at this is, broadly, over the last year, as we've been addressing this issue, and if you look at it in that context, commercial auto and the excess GL where the underlying event is auto related continues to be the majority of it. But GL has been a not insignificant factor. And, in fact, in this quarter was a bigger factor than commercial auto.
Alan Schnitzer: We've just never given the severity at that granular level, and I don't think we're inclined to do that. We stop at the segment level where we've given you the 4.5%. And I also think there can be some confusion when we're talking quickly about loss trend because, ultimately, we're trying to get to a loss PIK and there's two things that contribute to that. One is base year changes and two is a change in loss trend. And as I said earlier, over the course of this year, as it relates to liability lines, we've raised both the initial loss PIK, which we refer to as base year and the loss trend. So, those are both up.
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, I don't -- my instinct is no, and that's one of the reasons we shared the industry data, is we don't that -- we believe this is environmental. We don't think there's anything about our book of business that makes us more susceptible to these types of claims. And you turn on the TV, you see attorney advertising. The rate of attorney involvement and the aggressive behavior is up and I think that's going to impact anybody writing liability coverages. So, we don't think there's any reason to think that our book of business is more susceptible than anybody else. 
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, it's broadly across geographies, business and accounts. I guess, if you're -- again, it's always hard to generalize broadly in a sentence or two because this is a complex issue. We've spent hundreds of hours on this internally. So, it's always difficult to try to summarize in a sentence or two. Broadly speaking, it's probably groups have homogeneous type claims where a potential plaintiff can be reached by television commercial. And so, whether that's commercial auto accidents or slips and falls or things like that, once you get into the bigger stuff, you tend to have cases that are and always have been associated with claimants being represented and aggressive litigation, but, again, that's -- it's a very high level summary of a complex issue. 
Alan Schnitzer: Brian, we're looking at the math. Yeah, I don't think it's quite so easy to look at it that way. You're getting to a very narrow view of rate versus loss trend. And I understand why that's so appealing to look at. But the fact is, there's a lot of things that go into margin. And whether it's mix or reinsurance or claims handling or risks, there's all sorts of things that go into that. And so, really hard to look at rate versus loss trend and think you've captured it. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. We just don't break that out. There's a lot of estimation that goes into that number. And we have a view on the pieces, but to imply that we've got that level of granularity out a year, that would be a false impression. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. We definitely don't have that breakout at our fingertips here, Ryan. We can look for that and try to figure out whether we can share that outside of this call, but we definitely don't have that in a vetted way that I think we'd be comfortable sharing. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. Ryan, I think it was the first question of the call. I wish I could stand up and guarantee that we've got it and this will never happen again. Obviously, I can't do that. I don't think anyone can do it. And I'd point to the magnitude of the shift, which is very recent information, and the long tail line. The lengthening of the claim development pattern really does complicate our ability to assess it. So, it's a complicated process. And it's taken us a couple of quarters to get to where we are. We're going to get another quarter's worth of data in a couple of months here and we'll see where that comes in. There is an incremental level of confidence that comes from the fact that we've now got a couple of quarters strung together and a view on what a new trend line might be. So, that gives us a little bit more comfort. But I can't tell you now where the next dot was going to come in on the chart or what that's going to do to the trend line. It's data we haven't seen yet. I can tell you that we now have four quarters of data and a new trend line. We've certainly reacted to that and we're confident that we're taking the right swing at it. But I don't know what I could tell you beyond that. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. For sure it would be more reflective of the more seasoned accident years. You've got the '17 and '18 accident years, which I -- I think the '17 accident year is, on commercial auto, less than 50% paid. And so, the GL would be even less than that and the '18 accident year would be less than that on both. So, we've got a couple of recent and accident years that are still developing. But the older accident years, yes, as they season, we certainly feel much better about those. And as I said, we now have four quarters where we've -- it's not just another data point. It's another line. And we've reflected that in a way that we feel is very responsible in terms of coming up with our best estimate. But I can't and nobody could tell you what the next data point is going to look like. 
Dan Frey: Jay, I don't think, it's Dan. I don't think, we would target a number and I don't think you should think about it as a target per say. That's going to be an outcome of the things that we always talk about, which is, how much capital do we have? How much capital do we think we need to adequately support the business that we're writing and that we expect to add on a go forward basis? What are all the investments we make in the business that we think can generate an adequate return and then we look at what's left and return it. The comment was intended to raise awareness, as you say, from this point forward, as we continue to grow premium to support a business that's got a bigger premium base you're going to need a bigger capital base. And if you perpetually return to 100% of earnings your capital base wouldn't change. So, it's simply to give an indication that, as we continue to grow, if all of those remained equal, you should expect something lower than it otherwise wouldn't have been. But, we're actually not going to target a particular percentage of earnings that we're looking to return.
Dan Frey: Elyse, it's Dan. So, I'll start. Thematically, what gives us the conviction to move on workers' comp is, as we see results come in, again, there's a long-term assumption around what's going to happen to the cost to settle workers' comp claims. A lot of that's driven by medical cost inflation. And we see in our data and there has been discussion in the industry that medical cost inflation has continued to be pretty benign relative to our expectation. So, that drives the prior-year release as another period of data comes by where, again, the cost of loss settlement comes in favorable to what our expectation was. In this quarter, in round numbers, order of magnitude is around $100 million pre-tax, a little less than that. That flows through into what we're seeing in the current period as well. Obviously, in the current period, you're reacting to both what are you seeing in terms of the number of claims coming in and those settlement trends. So, workers' comp has been a pretty steady level of good news relative to our expectations and that's why we adjusted both numbers. 
Dan Frey: Mike, it's Dan again. I think as we discussed the treaty from when we first talked about it going back to the first quarter, it will depend on what weather actually comes in over the remainder of the year. If we have a treaty benefit, how the treaty benefit will be allocated back between what we would call major cats versus minor cats. So, if all the losses that come in from this point forward are major cat and that's what causes us to trip the treaty, and then those are the recoveries, most of the benefit would be attributable to major cats. If on the other hand, most of the weather that comes in is $10 million to $15 million PCS events that don't meet our major cat threshold, that's where the money will go. So, it really is too early to tell and it will depend on what actual weather we experience in the fourth quarter. 
Dan Frey: Paul, it's Dan. I'd say, across the place, generally not. It's been pretty consistent. And contingent commission is a relatively small component of the overall commission mix to begin with. 
Dan Frey: Josh, it's Dan. Not really. The comp is something that we have enough data and enough information that's in the regular flow that we're assessing work comp reserve levels every quarter, and I've commented on work comp in PYD in earlier quarters this year. 
Dan Frey: Yeah. Ryan, it's Dan. It would. It would come through the same way we would record any prior-year reserve development. So, it will be in core income. It won't affect the underlying combined ratio because it relates to prior accident years. 
Dan Frey: I would say the retention rates remains very, very strong by historical standards, particularly an environment where we're getting rate at the level that we're getting it. So, we feel terrific about the retention. We don't project where that's going. So, I don't have a comment on that. But I will say that we like our book of business and our objective would be to keep a lot of it. 
