Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our second quarter 2014 results. Hopefully you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian McLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will take questions. Other members of senior management are also available for the question and answer period, including Alan Schnitzer, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Business and International Insurance. Doreen Spadorcia, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Personal Insurance and Bond and Financial Products. Before I turn it over to Jay, I’d like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials available in the Investors section on our website. And now, Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: Kelly we are ready for the question and answer portion. May I ask that you all limit yourself to one question and one follow-up please? Thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Very good, that will conclude our calls today. Thank you very much for joining us and as always, Andrew Hersom and I and in Investor Relations will be available for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Jay Benet: Yes thanks Gabi, before we open for questions I did want to mention one additional item. We’d be remiss if we did not say how pleased we were to have been recognized as a A++ company by AMBEST [ph] this past May so we just thought we’d end with that and we’d be happy to take your questions now.
Jay Benet: So another way to say that Brian is this quarter, the way the arithmetic worked out, is rate that we got on the entire portfolio approximated the aggregate loss trend, but that could be very different and we could be thrilled with the result or unhappy with the result either direction depending on how we get there.
Jay Benet: Actually, this is Jay Benet, Jay, actually if you go to the proxy, there’s a discussion about results and in it we do talk about what the expectation was for the CATs in the year versus where we ended up. And my recollection is the numbers about $550 after tax dollars. In dollars yes, so we’re just having somebody open up the proxy and make sure we’re right about that.
Jay Benet: Not permanently, it can obviously year-to-year. And that’s really a function of timing, but the only way that it could actually exceed earnings permanently would be if we look today at the company. That’s the only way to do it, so you know not permanently, no.
Jay Benet: It’s a comment more than a correction. We said we would give you the number from the proxy as it relates to the quote, unquote normal CAT losses. And what we’re remembering was actually from two years ago, the proxy from 2013 had $645 million as the after tax cost associated with CAT. So we had $550 before, and as I’m reflecting on that, the thing I’d want to share with you is really the fragility of these kinds of estimates, because looking at the $550 going to $650; it’s not a reflection of increased exposure. It’s really a reflection of trying to refine year-over-year what these CAT estimates are. And it’s not all that long ago that if you ask the same question, we would have said something like $350 million after tax. And thinking back to those times, it’s our exposure base was actually quite a lot larger than that. So this notion of – so while we’re saying this is quote, unquote normal, I just want to highlight the fragility of the estimates.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet, when we’re doing; we’re dealing with reserves, by definition we’re dealing with incomplete information. So we’re looking at new information that’s coming in every quarter and evaluating that with regard to whatever the assumptions have been. So I wouldn’t look at any one of our reserves as being at finality. We’re always looking at the flow of information and adjusting. There are times when you see some things; you’re not sure whether you’re going to react in full or in part to it. So I think it’s the best I can do to answer your question.
Jay Benet: I mean our reserves are always a best estimate, so we don’t really comment on whether they’re going to change, we’ll see what the data says going forward, there’s always new information coming.
Jay Benet: Yeah and the most volatile part of it is non-CAT weather. Our loss trend numbers make an assumption about non-CAT weather and that’s obviously, at least I think, the most unpredictable part of that loss trend dynamic, it is one of the reasons why you’re hearing us relentlessly talk about upset by favorable non-CAT weather or upset by adverse non-CAT weather, it’s just who knows.Jay Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: On that topic you talked about non-CAT weather relative to a year-ago being worse. Can you speak to non-CAT weather relative to a normal second quarter, was this worse than you might have expected normally, instead of just compared to last year versus the normal expectation.
Jay Benet: I’ll take that and it’s a little different BI to PI so in, in personal insurance we would say this quarter was the non-CAT weather was about normal. It was a couple of points worse than last year, which was abnormally low. In BI this quarter non-CAT weather was a little bit high, so about a point unfavorable to both last year, which was kind of normal and what we would have expected this year. And the difference there is especially when you get into tornado, hail the, the impacts in the commercial business can be really random and volatile. Personal lines you have a storm and it hits the neighborhood and we can kind of see the claims. In business insurance you can hit our risk or not hit our risk and it could dramatically change the number. So that’s the perspective relative to kind of normal. PI about normal this quarter BI a little bit worse than normal.
Jay Benet: And I fully agree with that. It’s always about best estimates; it’s always about getting it right. I just echo what Jay says.
Jay Benet: Well we try to give you as much information as we can with regard to what the drivers of favorable development are. So in the case of PI, do you think about the first quarter, a lot of it dealt with weather related losses both CAT and non-CAT and we had some additional non-CAT weather related losses that turned out to be more favorable. And business insurance, you just mentioned of the level of favorable development was 25, but that was after the environmental. So if you just look at the numbers, you’ve got a storyline that over the last many years has provided insight as to what are the drivers of it and we’ll see just how those drivers, or others, manifest themselves moving forward, but I don’t think there’s more that we have to offer that relates to that. We try to be pretty transparent, very transparent.
Brian McLean: I’ll answer the second part of it; I’ll let Jay Benet – if he does the math in his head. We’ve been saying for some time that our stated target of achieving the mid-teens return on equity overtime was simply really not achievable in this interest rate environment, but we were willing to keep it as a statement, an aspiration goal but also because so much, so many of our systems and our culture are geared around it. Having said that, we’ve chosen to avoid the notion of an artificial ceiling on what rate adequacy or return adequacy is on an individual line or an individual business. Some of that is driven by competitive dynamics, what is the rest of the marketplace doing, some of it is based upon capacity. So I – it feels obviously at 2.5% tenure treasury, a 12% number feels pretty good, but that doesn’t mean that we’re going to not pick the actions on an account-by-account or class-by-class basis, that would continue to lift it if it’s possible. So that’s really our honest assessment of it, it feels pretty good to us, but maybe there’s more and we’re certainly going to try, but that again is a specific comment more than it is an aggregate rate number. It’s so important that we always keep that in mind, we price individual accounts, we don’t price the portfolio.
Brian McLean: We have much more to say, we put out a press release its part of management’s responsibility, our responsibility here is to make sure that the younger talent in the organization gets additional exposure internally, exposure externally and position the company for continuity and just felt to us like a very ordinary and inappropriate thing to do. The real alignment was to a great extent, driven by reporting relationships within those changes, so much more about the people than about any particular realignment about the business.
Brian McLean: Absolutely and I think that echoes about how we feel about loss performance, we’re very encouraged when we saw that increase in quote flow that Jay talked about. Obviously our focus then shifts right to the margin about how we’re feeling about the profitability in that business given that we’ve just launched our three largest states last month. We’re not up on our 1 year anniversary, obviously we don’t have a credible set of earned premium yet to really declare a victory, but our focus is really looking at long-term surrogates of profit right now, including the mix of business, short-tail coverage’s like the frequency on physical damage coverage and all of those things that we’re looking at, they’re right within expectation. So we’ll continue to aggressively measure the ultimate combined ratio, but all those proxies that we look at are within expectations. So we’re feeling as good about the quote flow that Jay talked about that we are with the early loss indicators.
Brian McLean: Our actuaries, our finance, our business folks are always looking at what they think frequency and severities going to be and you know, building in you know various assumptions they take into account, what recent trends have been. There’s always the question of gee, if you’d seen – and make up an example, if you’ve seen recent inflation running at 1% or whatever, what does that mean going forward? Is it going to continue at 1% or is it going to get better, is it going to get worse? So at a very granular level, we’re making assumption everyday and pricing and reserving as to what the future has in store based on current events and past trends. And when you look at the kind of environment that we’re faced with today, looking at very tame inflation, but some of the factors at work as to creating uncertainty as to what those inflation rates are going to be going forward. You have to take that into account and ultimately, that along with every other assumption comes down to a series of numbers for frequency and severity. And things have been running pretty moderately, but when we say there’s a 4% trend factor and you go back in time, I think you’re absolutely right in saying well maybe it was actually a little less severe than we had expected. So we had favorable development, but going forward, you have to make a determination as to whether that’s going to continue or whether the world is going to change.
Brian McLean: Looking at each other, Jay and I my own view is that our goal is to get it right. If we could pick the right number, and first of all, that’s our responsibility, our obligation is to record a best estimate. So that’s what we do, we attempt to record best estimate. And the accounting rules are critical, they’re a really big deal, but it’s also how you price and how you think about the returns in your business. And where you perceive risk versus rewards. So the importance of making it our best estimate is just critical. We struggle to figure out how to manage the business if we were recording something other than that, because we priced to that loss ratio, we priced to that trend, we priced to that yield curve, it’s just critical for us. So I’m sure Jay and I would say this but – give you the same answer, which is our expectation sitting here today, is that there won’t be any development. We think we’ve got it right, it doesn’t mean that we don’t have issues that we’re watching and aware of and you’ll ask us often about emerging trends and claims. We keep track of all that, but our goal is to get it right and so the notion of a question about a normal level of reserved development, just doesn’t resonate with us. We don’t think of it that way, we don’t think there is a normal level of reserve development.
Jay Fishman: Oh no, no what Brian said was that our best accounts are getting modest loss trend. I believe I’m trying to go back to his comments and that our poorer performing accounts, whatever that means in that framework if the three years of rate increases, but there are always poorer performing accounts, if the poor performing accounts are getting significantly more rate increase at lower retention.
Jay Fishman: And I think the other part of that, that really is important, is that we wouldn’t contemplate that we can improve our profitability by getting meaningful rate increase on our best performing business. Our focus there is to do our best to offset trend and to maximize retention. Our improvement in profitability is going to come from identifying those segments that under perform. And continuing to make real progress there, I recall in the last quarter, we actually put up a slide which showed the rate gain in our fifth bucket in commercial accounts I think. I can’t remember whether it was commercial or middle market, but compared to the number of accounts in the rate gain to the previous year’s quarter, and the rate gain in that fifth bucket, was 21% I think last year and 20% this year was the rate gain. That’s where the improvement and profitability is going to come from, not just from that shift class, but that’s the example here. It’s going to be identifying those segments that continue to underperform and continuing to drive one.
Jay Fishman: The other thing I would add before I’ll address your first question is that we have this internal discussion about margin improvement. And you have to look at it in terms of what you’re talking about. Are you talking about combined ratio or you are talking about dollars. And when you talk about combined ratio, now if you do the arithmetic, if you’re covering loss trend let’s make up some numbers, let’s say you have a 60% loss ratio, obviously premiums were at the 100%. If you’re covering loss trend that’s 4% with rate increases, you’re multiplying the denominator and the numerator by the same number. And you come up with the same combined ratio at the end of it 60%, loss ratio, 60% in this case, which you lose track of in that of the dollars because you’re applying a 4% increase to a 100 and another 4% increase to 60% of that. So you’re actually increasing the dollars of margin and increasing profitability, therefore, even when you’re loss trend. So I just say that for all of you to keep in my mind that you’ve got to look at it as to what question you’re really asking. Is combined ratio changing or dollars of margin changing. Getting back to the first question about the overall returns, we do an analysis of our quarters, our year-to-dates. And if I look at the year-to-date operating return on equity, which was 14.6%, there is prior year development in there. Prior year development to our accounts, because a lot of it relates to recent periods where we’ve seen trends different than what we expected and they’ve been favorable. So in any given period, you can adjust for, but if you look at the 14.6% and back out the amount of PYD and divide by the average equity, you’ll come up with something that looks like a proxy for an accident year, this year. So that’s a way of looking at it, but as Jay said, we look at these returns over time, and we try to manage as close as we can to that mid-teen’s goal.
Jay Fishman: Hi Paul, it’s Jay Fishman. We think a lot of pitching a little on that, first I just observed that broadly speaking, we are really not a large account writer. I suspect in the context of the question that you’re asking, we are a small commercial and middle market account company. We do large accounts on a fee for service basis that are largely independent of the reinsurance decisions. And we obviously do some national property business; we certainly do that for large accounts. Anecdotally, although some evidence I think exists, the layered national property business, and my recollection, we did this last quarter. I think it’s less than 5% of our premium business overall but the layered large account property business is a much more a price sensitive price driven marketplace, more challenging than it was before. Now there are returns in that segment that are awfully attractive, and so you’ve got to balance up the notion of competitive dynamics within the overall returns. But nonetheless, I think you’re seeing, we think you’re seeing some of the changes in the new capital formation. Whether it’s reinsurance by the way, or excess in surplus, bumping into that layered national property account business. And I would say on a primary side, for us, that’s probably where the impact is most significant. I’m trying to see if anybody else here has a different view? We’re really not – our treaty reinsurance is, for a company of our size, relatively modest. And so we’ve got either savings opportunities, they’re nice but they’re not going to move the needle very much, or we can change the way in which we purchase. We can but more for the same dollars or less for even fewer dollars, but on the margin, it doesn’t change anything. I’ve been asked a few times whether in this, is an opportunity for us, and I suspect that what people are thinking is, does the calculus behind primary exposure change? Would you be willing to do either different classes of business or more business, particularly in catastrophe exposed areas and rely more on reinsurance to produce an acceptable return. So far the answer for us is no, that we worry a lot about the mismatch of business, we worry a lot about relying on reinsurance as a strategic solution rather than as a risk balancing factor, if you like. And the notion of expanding our liability base and relying on a reinsurance contract to bail us out. We were not quite sure of that reinsurance capacity really sticks, is it permanent, is it really there for the long haul? It’s just not clear to us yet. So for us, the answer is that the impact of all of this is not yet very much. We spend, not an insignificant amount, talking about it and thinking about ways in which it could impact us, but so far, I think you’re hard pressed other than that layered national property business to find an area where it’s really having an impact.
Jay Fishman: That’s actually a great question and I think you asked it actually in exactly the right way. It’s not that the number doesn’t have arithmetic meaning, we acknowledge it does, but the tendency to perceive it as a competitive indicator, we just don’t see that. We’ve always said, and have for many years, that retention is going to be the leading indicator of a changing competitive environment. And I’ll go back to the last really difficult pricing environment that we had, which was back into the ‘90s, you’ll see retention rates in middle market drop down into the high 60s. And that really defined what was going on, there was tremendous churn in the marketplace. It didn’t happen overnight, but retention rates declined and that followed, that led, if you will, the overall rate dynamic. Now we haven’t seen that yet, we haven’t seen it on the way up, we haven’t seen it – we’re still on the way up, although we’re at slower rates. We just haven’t seen a drop in retention, and we said for a long time, that we think that’s the principle indicator. Now we also, to provide whatever anecdotal observation we can, we often have provided you with commentary about what we’re hearing from the field. They had to take that with a bit of a grain of salt because it doesn’t mean it’s right, but there are observations from people in the field dealing with individual accounts every day. And our comments remain, that there’s nothing that we’re hearing from our folks that would cause us to think that we’re at a precipice or broadly a more meaningfully competitive environment, but I watch retention. And that’s what I look at, and when I see a drop in that, that’s when it’s time to begin to understand what’s going on in that local environment.
Jay Fishman: Well I would never speak for the board and so – we think we have a responsibility to develop talent and present to the board as solid a management team as we’re capable of doing. And we’re going to be a management team that’s going to step up to that responsibility and not side step it. The depth of the folks in this place around here it never fails to amaze me. The talent here is just remarkable. And my job particularly, is to make sure that those people get additional responsibility and additional exposure. And that when that time comes that it’s very natural, there’s nothing upsetting to the organization internally. There’s nothing upsetting to the constituents externally, it’s as it should be and that’s really my goal. For I mean – I’ll be 62 in November Brian I think is going to be 62 later this year. I think Jay Benet will be 62 in August, so we all – we’re not Methuselah here, we’re mere mortals and our time will come. And our job is to develop that next generation and present them and just have it not be a big deal.
Jay Fishman: Complicated question. I think that retention, something [indiscernible] taught me many years ago, that the real emotional content behind retention is agent comfortable, market comfortable, customer comfortable, a terrific set of circumstances where everybody feels good and fair and equitable in the relationship. And that will encourage accounts to stay where they are. And that’s a really good thing, it’s good for the accounts by the way. We think tenure matters; we think it’s a advantage, it’s good for the agents. They can attend to things that they need to attend to and obviously it’s good for the carriers that have the business. So the retention dynamic is, I think, really a reflection of the level of comfort of all of the parties to the transaction. And that’s really good, that’s a good thing. Dynamic of growth is a more challenging one. There’s no green light that goes on that says, now we’re interested in growing. Always interested in doing more business, always and when we can bring on new accounts and we have – we’ve demonstrated this in slides in years gone by. Recognizing that there is a, the internal expression is a new business penalty, but recognizing that there’s a new business penalty associated with it, if we can see a pathway to bringing on new accounts, and over time managing them to acceptable returns, we’re going to go ahead and do that, there’s nothing different about that this month than there was last month. And it’s not as if we weren’t booking new business a year-ago when rates weren’t as attractive as they are now. We were, we were as aggressive as we could be. And if anything, I would say that – if we had any disappoint, is that we weren’t actually doing more notwithstanding our encouragement. The thing to recognize is that, and again I’ve said this before, I apologize for saying that so many times I don’t want it to sound it as though we believe this because of this quarter and this is what we’ve said. You’re not going to grow your book by marginally changing your price attitude at the point of sale. First of all we don’t have a price list. We don’t have a price list; it’s an individual underwriter sitting down with an agent talking about an individual account. So it’s not as if we can say lower prices by 3% or 4%, it just isn’t that precise. And so the way you, the way you grow is by perceiving opportunity, typically by risk selection, either categories of risk, lines of business geographies that you weren’t in before that amount for any number of reasons, you perceive opportunity for us Canada, terrific opportunity, Brazil a terrific opportunity. We showed at Investor Day we’ve grown our middle markets business. My recollection is like by 50% over eight or nine years from $2.1 billion to $3.2 billion in premiums. Now at the same time our construction surety business has shrunk pretty dramatically as a result of the environment we’re in. And so you have to be – we’re not in one market, we’re 50 markets. And you have to be nimble enough to see the opportunities where they are and pursue them aggressively, but also be cautious enough to understand the risk presented in a changing set of circumstances and dial it back. So we’ve been growing in the lines of business here significantly, and either because circumstances change or we made mistakes in some markets than we did, we, we shrunk others, so it’s all in net but it is in that granular dynamic.
Jay Fishman: A good example anecdotal actually of the magnitude of the volatility, there was not two on the go, we didn’t think about catastrophe loading auto, in personal auto. We do now and that’s just the function of experience. So we’re reacting to the changing weather patterns kind of almost on a real time basis. It’s hard to answer the question at this point, of what a normal level is, that’s why we talked about it so much over the last few years. There’s been a driver of not only weight, but underwriting in terms of conditions; it’s just proving to be a challenge.
Jay Fishman: Just because it’s my opinion doesn’t mean it’s so; I need to start off with that. It’s just one persons point of view right, we’ve been talking for years now about the fact that our view was that the magnitude of this cyclicality in our business, we thought would be lower than an historical experience. And it was driven by everything from much better data across the industry. I’ll exclude myself, but I think much better management in the industry than wasn’t the case 20 years ago. You look at capital deployment philosophies; it’s different than it was 20 years ago. I think Sarbanes Oxley and the attention of audit committees and boards to adequacy of reserves to the level, the procedures and policies around reserve setting has made them much more accurate. It’s not that people were abusing it before, it’s that there’s a whole different level of attention and focus on those initial picks, what’s driving them, what are the factors for transparency that exists to what the governance committee, external auditors, internal auditors, boards, those are all things that will make the accounting and reserving process better. Never guarantee, we’re all talking about the future but it will make it better and I think it has. And I think as a consequence of that, the feedback move between clean performance and underwriters and pricing decisions is stunningly faster than it was 20 years ago. We actually are at a point now where we’re booking weather dynamics virtually month-to-month. When I first started here, you were lucky if you had it in the quarter, that’s the level of feedback there was. So the delay in understanding what’s trans-factoring it back into reserving and changing pricing, was much more attenuated than it is today, its crisp. And I’ve listened to other companies and how they report, I don’t think we’re unique in that regard, I think – I listen to other companies and I’m impressed by what I hear and the nature of controls and procedures and the thoughtfulness and I think is a consequence the magnitude – there’ll always be some cyclicality here and there’s cyclicality in every business. But I said, coming close to probably 8 or 9 years ago, I thought that the amplitude on the way up as well as the amplitude on the way down were going to be much more narrow. I think that was true obviously on the way up we will now see it on the way down. So that’s what I think, and we’ll find out, I think the leadership in this industry has come to understand that attempting to grow market share by marginally changing price, and actually creating share holder value from it is impossible. I think about it all the time, and I don’t know how to do it and I’m not sure anybody else does. And so we’ve all learned within our own cultures and our own environment and our own strategies, how to manage our businesses to create shareholder value, that’s what we’re supposed to do.
Jay Fishman: I’m going to turn it over to Greg in a second to talk about loss trend, but it would be remiss if I didn’t observe, because I think he takes it for granted on this. We mentioned that the number of quoted policies is actually up 10%. That’s one of the really wonderful surprises here, we thought going into this, that we were being quoted everywhere because of the comparative rating process. And it was not our going in expectation that by putting in a different model, that we would actually increase the number of quotes. And so what’s been – that 10% is a big number and what’s impressive about that, is the agent understanding and reaction of the Travelers product of Quantum 2 as a legitimate competitive product and they’re embracing it in their quoting process. So that’s where we loss trend, but we’ve to some extent, taken for granted internally the increase in quotes but it’s a substantive plus.
Jay Fishman: I’d just make an observation, asbestos and environmental is a general liability exposure. The difference there is that particularly in the asbestos arena, much of it came from a time when there were no policy aggregates, there were per occurrence aggregates that we started on a mid basis. I think we ended up with policy aggregate starting in the early 80s. So that was pre dated that, but liability is a policy that lasts forever, you can always have things – you just never know.
Jay Fishman: Right so specifically Jay, when we say this quarter 4% loss trend, we’re talking about both what we’re seeing is trend in the current year, and what we’re pricing for. And obviously that’s an aggregate number so it’s all over the place by different lines. As we have prior year development, we’re looking at why we had that development and does that change our outlook of what the current year should be? So an example of one which usually wouldn’t would be if we had favorable development on prior year CAT, we’d probably say that doesn’t – unless they were dramatic, wouldn’t fundamentally change our view of CAT’s this year. There are other things that you could obviously say would change it. So the base year does move but, its –
