Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our first quarter 2018 results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplements and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Chief Financial Officer; and our three segment Presidents, Greg Toczydlowski of Business Insurance; Tom Kunkel of Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Michael Klein of Personal Insurance. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions. Before I turn it over to Alan, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials available in the Investor section on our website. And now Alan Schnitzer.
Gabriella Nawi: Great, thank you. Next question and before we continue, so I can just remind you also limit yourself to one question and one follow-up please. Thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Okay, thank you all for joining us today. And it’s been a pleasure working with you all over the last 10 years. And I’m sure I’ll hear from you again soon. Have a great day, and thank you.
Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks Jay. Business insurance had a strong quarter with segment income of $452 million, up $10 million from the prior year quarter benefiting from a lower tax rate, as well as higher earned premium volume. The combined ratio of 97.5% included just under 4 points of cats an unusually high level for the first quarter as it was last year. The underlying combined ratio of 95.5% was 1.1 points higher than the prior year quarter driven by loss cost trends that modestly exceeded earned pricing, as well as normal quarterly fluctuations in both loss activity and expenses. The impact from loss cost trends exceeding earned pricing that I just referenced has moderated from recent quarters and was in line with our expectations. Net written premiums for the quarter were $4 billion, up 4% over the prior year quarter with domestic net written premiums up 3% driven by strong production results. International net written premiums were up 3%, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. Turning to domestic production, retention improved to a record 86% from an already high level a new business was strong at $525 million. As Alan mentioned, renewal rate change was 1.6 points and renewal premium change was 4.5 points. We’re pleased with these results particularly considering the pricing pressure in workers’ comp associated with strong industry profitability. Outside of comp, we were encouraged that we achieved renewal rate gains broadly across the product portfolio as rate in auto, property, umbrella, CMP, ENGL increased for the third consecutive quarter on both the sequential and year-over-year basis. Auto continues to be the line with the highest level of rate, while property has improved meaningfully from a year ago, particularly in loss impacted areas. Our results for the quarter reflect our continued deliberate and successful execution in the marketplace. Turning to the businesses, in Select, as with all our businesses we’re making strategic investments in technology and workflow initiatives to drive growth and we’re encouraged with the progress we’re making. Retention remains strong at 83% and new business was up 8% from the prior year quarter. Renewal rate change remains positive. Given the returns in this business, we’re pleased with these production results. Turning to Middle Market, retention remained historically high at 88%. Renewal premium change was 3.9 points with renewal rate change of 1.5% up from 1.3% in the fourth quarter and up 1 point from a year ago. New business premiums of $318 million were strong and consistent with the prior year quarter. So all in for the segment, it was a good start to 2018 and we’re pleased with our market execution and given the early adoption from our distribution partners, we’re encouraged about the impact that our technology and workflow initiatives we’ll have in our results. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tom to talk about Bond & Specialty Insurance.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey Kai, this is this is Greg Toczydlowski. Good morning. Just answer the first part of that question. Yes, you’re correct. The reason why the two of the businesses that are illustrated in the documents are below the total is because of the national property business. We’ve been very successful in achieving rate, particularly in the cat exposed areas in National Property and that’s what you’re seeing when that rolls up into the total number. In terms of Select, the second part of your question, we’ve shared with you for some time now around how we’ve been thinking about that business and how we’ve been very focused to have an adequate set of returns in that business and we’re very comfortable with the returns in that business right now. So that’s a output of a lot of deliberate execution of really thoughtfully growing that business because we are returning the returns that are hit in our threshold today in that business. So that’s what underneath that.
Greg Toczydlowski: Good morning, Jay. This is Greg. Yes, we’ve spent a lot of time looking at the combination of retention, new business and rate all the time. But most of the time, it’s not at the macro level of what we’re looking at. It really is a very granular and local execution. We think we have a high-quality book of business, and so we like the retention of where it’s at. We’re very comfortable with that, and we’re trying to retain that book as much as possible. Obviously, a competitive marketplace out there right now. But when you look at the combination of retention, new business and rate, we’re comfortable with where all three of those are.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey, Ryan, this is Greg. Just to echo Alan’s earlier comments and to give you texture to your comment. It was a mix of different product lines, but predominantly was property. You can think about some of the extreme weather that we had in the first quarter and there would be a cat window of a certain period of time and you can think frozen pipes that extend beyond that window of time that is a large loss activity like that would be driving some of the volatility there.
Greg Toczydlowski: And then I would add one other thing to what Alan just said that, as you know, we have an ongoing policy of returning capital that we don’t need to support our business to the shareholders. So whether it’s an increase in dividends or whether it’s a share repurchases, all of the balances out to returning the excess capital and that’s not changed.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Tom, and good morning everyone. Personal Insurance began the year by continuing to deliver on our objectives of improving auto profitability, while maintaining momentum in our homeowners business. Net written premiums of $2.3 billion grew 8%, once again driven by higher pricing primarily in auto and healthy growth in homeowners’ policies enforce. Personal Insurance segment income of $129 million was up from $89 million in the prior year quarter, with an improvement in the combined ratio to 97.5% primarily driven –primarily due to higher favorable reserve development. Catastrophe losses contributed 9 points to the combined, an unusually high level for our first quarter, but similar to last year. On an underlying basis, improved profitability in auto was essentially offset by a higher level of non-cat weather losses in property. Importantly, we remain pleased with the expense ratio of 26.8%. It’s worth noting that the expense ratio for the segment has improved by about three-fold points from 2013, the year we announced the start of our cost reduction initiatives. In Agency Auto, the combined ratio for the quarter was 94.8%, down considerably from the prior year quarter, due to a 2.3 point improvement in the underlying combined ratio driven by the rate actions taken in the past several quarters, along with the 2.3 point benefit from favorable prior year development. As a reminder, the first quarter combined ratio is typically a couple of points lower than average due to seasonality. In Agency Homeowners, the first quarter combined ratio of 98.5%, included almost 21 points of cat losses and a benefit of 2.4 points from favorable prior year development. The underlying combined ratio of 80.2% was 2.6 points higher than the prior year quarter driven primarily by higher non-cat weather losses. Turning to the top line, Agency Auto premiums grew by 9% and we’re achieved 10 points of renewal premium change down slightly from the peak of 11 points last quarter, in line with our plans. Retention declined modestly as expected given the pricing actions and fifth levels in auto have been holding steady. In Agency Homeowners & Other, premiums increased by 5%, demonstrating continued momentum with another quarter of a healthy fifth growth. Our efforts to maintain the steady increase in property policies enforce have been successful, even as we have intentionally slowed the fifth growth in auto. As Alan mentioned, during the fourth quarter of 2017, we introduced our newest property product, Quantum Home 2.0 in three states, and so far the response from agents and customers is in line with our expectations. Early returns are demonstrating the benefits of Quantum Home 2.0’s flexibility sophistication and ease of use. We’ll roll out several more states during the second quarter and then continue with waves of five or so states at a time throughout 2018 and 2019. The gradual rollout and implementation should enable us to sustain the momentum we’ve already generated and support profitable steady growth going forward. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Alan.
Michael Klein: Sure, jay. This is Michael. I mean I think what I would say is when you look at cat and non-cat weather, first of all, you have to remember that the way that we parse that between one category and the other, the dollars can move from one bucket to another based on the magnitude and the type of the events we’re experiencing. So it’s a little bit artificial to give you a number for the non-cat weather variance. But round numbers, you can think of it as a sort of 1 point or 2 points in the quarter. But again, some of that is dependent upon the mix between cat events and non-cat events, but I would say 1 point or 2 points of adverse relative to expectations in the quarter.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jay. It’s Michael Klein. It certainly could. I think we would look at it and say, plus or minus a point or around flat is where we’re anticipating it’s going to bottom. And obviously, it will depend upon our rate actions relative to the market and how they are absorbed. But at least at this point, if it does go negative, we think it will be slightly and our objective would be to put the business – the auto book sort of back on the trajectory for growth towards late 2018.
Michael Klein: I would say the competitive environments remain broadly consistent. We track predominantly our indicator for that would be tracking rate filings amongst our competitors, and we see a little bit of bouncing around there. And there was a little bit of a slowdown in competitor rate in the first quarter if you review competitive filings, but a lot of that has probably more to do with just the typical timing of when filings are made than it does anything to do with the impact of tax is on rate filings. And I would just – maybe broaden that slightly and just say when you think about the tax impact on filed rate, particularly in auto, our perspective is that it closes the gap, but it doesn’t eliminate it. The estimated industry combined ratio for auto stage is remained in 105 to 107 range, depending upon which estimates you look at. So think round numbers, at least a 10 point rate need for the industry there. And all else being equal, maybe tax reform drop at a couple of points, but it’s not going to mitigate the rate need and won’t be a key driver of reduced rate activity in the marketplace we don’t think.
Michael Klein: Larry, it’s Michael. Thanks for the question. I would say autos coming in about where we expected. As I think Jay mentioned, we did have favorable prior year development in auto. But importantly, that was really driven mostly by catastrophes and loss adjustment expenses. So sort of more of a one-off driver of that PYD then sort of a change in our view of underlying dynamics. So I wouldn’t read too much into the auto PYD in that commentary. But I would say broadly it’s coming in about as expected, and we’re pleased with it.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Meyer. It’s Michael. I’ll take it and I think you’re right. It could be broader than BI, but I’ll sort of address that broadly. First, they did recently announce that they’re making those changes, but it’s important to know that it’s not a brand new initiative for them. So certainly, and I’m sure you’re all well aware that through Harvey [indiscernible] they trade with independent agents already as a corporation. But even underneath the nationwide brand, they’ve had a number of nationwide captive agents that have had access to the independent agent market already. And in fact, they have an operation called nationwide broker services that those captive agents can access other markets through, and Travelers is one of many companies that actually trade with that brokerage services organization. So a, it’s not brand-new. It’s something that we’ve seen and been monitoring. And in fact, it’s a trading relationship that we have. I would say on balance, we have a couple of observations. First of all, Alan mentioned our strength with independent agent distribution. As a franchise, we think that’s a continued competitive advantage for us and it is our primary focus in terms of distribution. But I would say that we primarily view this change as an opportunity to explore additional distribution points. We will certainly monitor and evaluate nationwide’s performance with independent agents as we monitor and evaluate any competitors, results in the independent agent channel. But again, on balance, we’d say something that’s been developing for a while and on the margin probably more an opportunity than a threat.
Alan Schnitzer: Thanks, Michael. Before I turn it back to Gabby to open it up for Q&A, I’ll share with you that we’ve just returned from our annual conference with our most significant distribution partners, who collectively represent about half of our premium. We all left with the continued confidence and the strength of our relationships with these business leaders in their firms and feeling tremendous support for the strategic initiatives that we have underway. It’s a great reminder that our position with distribution is an important competitive advantage and one that’s hard to replicate. On a customer side, we also just returned from RIMS, the annual conference for the large account risk management community. We were honored to receive National Underwriters Risk Manager Choice Awards in five lines of business, the most of any company. Taken together, the feedback we’re receiving from our customers, agents and brokers suggest that we’re on the right track in our work to continue to lead the market in understanding risk in the products and services, our customers need and to provide them a great experiences. Lastly, as some of you know, after a decade of leading Investor Relations for us, Gabby Nawi has been recruited away by our own Travelers Personal Insurance team to take a role in their finance group, which is great for her and great for us. Gabby’s insight has been incredibly valuable to me and the entire leadership team. I’m grateful and we all wish her continued success. We will be announcing her successor shortly. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Gabby.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Sure, Kai. Thanks for the question. Thanks for reading the annual letter. I guess I’ll refer you back to our Investor Day, and we discussed they are the – the forces have changed, we see impacting our business and they need to make sure that our competitive advantages continue to set us apart in the world that’s obviously changing. We’ve been incredibly successful over the last decade or two, and the competitive advantages we’ve had has serviced us very well. But we’re very mindful that what’s going to make us successful over the next decade to some degree will be different than what’s made us successful. And so at a broad level, we’ve set two objectives. We want to be the undeniable choice for the customer and we want to be an indispensable partner for our agents and brokers. And underneath that, we’ve got three priorities that letter up to that. So one of the things that’s made a successful for long time that’s an expertise in risk and the products and services our customer’s need that – that’s we put them on a pedestal for a long time and we’ll continue to put that on the pedestal and invest in that. So think data analytics, third-party data, that type of thing. In addition, we are highly focused on the experience for our customers and our agents and brokers. And some of the technology and workflow investments you’ve heard us talk about are designed to do that. And then third, productivity and efficiency. We’re highly focused on just making sure that we’ve got the ability to do more with less and that creates flexibility for us. It gives us the opportunity to take the output of the productivity and efficiency and either let that fall to the bottom line and invested in new or other strategic initiatives. We’ll put in the price if we need to. So there is a lot of things going on across the company in all three of our business segments, in our technology group, in claim. But all of the things that we’re working on latter up really inside of that framework. And we’ve talked about a lot of those specifically at Investor Day and I’ll refer you back to that maybe for more specifics.
Alan Schnitzer: So do we need acquisitions? I do not think we need acquisitions Kai, but nobody should take away from that that were not highly focused on it, right? I’ve said for a long time and I’ll continue to say that our shareholders should demand that we are active in terms of M&A. And that in the lines of business that we’re interested in and the geographies we’re interested in, we are very active and we are – we will continue to be. We often say some of the best deals we do or the best deals we don’t do, so we’re highly disciplined about it. And we’ve shared with you many times what the lens is for thinking about transactions, so we’re anxious to do them. If they improve our return profile, if they lower volatility of if they provide another important strategic benefits for us. And so highly focused on looking at things that match up to that criteria. But no, we don’t feel like we need to do it. And I would say, Kai, that again if you shouldn’t take away from this any change in propensity to think about or do a deal. But one of the things that we think more and more about today that maybe we didn’t 5 years or 10 years ago is the opportunity cost and the potential distraction from focus on all the organic innovation that we’re doing. We think it’s really important in a changing world. We think that there’s a real benefit to doing that. We’ve got the resources, we’ve got the talent, we’ve got the intellect, we’ve got a lack of distraction. And so we – again, you shouldn’t take away any change of propensity to do a deal, but that’s a wrinkle we think about when we assess M&A.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Amit, I’m not sure – Good morning. I’m not sure what specificity you’re looking for. And what we’ve consistently said, certainly in BI, is we think about loss trend as a four across the whole book. Obviously, different lines, different businesses have different loss trends in them, but over time, we think about it as a four.
Alan Schnitzer: I got it. I got your question. So I would say that despite where loss trends have been, we always assume that there is a return to more normal levels in inflation. So certainly, there’s no sense of panic or urgency when generally what we’ve been seeing is generally inside of our expectations. We see that CPI moving, but as you know from us, we’re most heavily leveraged to medical wage and poor inflation. And sometimes that’s good for us, right? When you’ve got wage inflation, for example, that contributes to exposure in workers comp payrolls would be one example of that. There’s probably benefits on the investment income from a rising rate environment. To the extent that there is inflation that is contributing to loss cost. That wouldn’t necessarily surprise us because we do expect some of that. What’s important is what is inflation relative to our expectations and do we have that data analytics and know-how wherewithal to see it when it comes, and we think we do. So no sense of urgency. And I would say generally speaking across all of our businesses, more or less in line with expectations.
Alan Schnitzer: I think well, let me answer in two ways. Yes, I think you’re reading too much into it and that we don’t mean to include or exclude anything categorically. So I wouldn’t read that to exclude anything. Having said that, I’ll tell you that we’ve been pretty explicit over recently long period of time that just given our core capabilities and skill sets reinsurances and the business has been particularly attractive to us.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Elyse, so the way we gave the outlook this period was to tell you that for the back three quarters of the year, it will be higher than the back three quarters of the prior year. And I think we leave it there and probably not comment on where it’s going to come in relative to the first quarter. And yes, there was some pricing momentum quarter-to-quarter throughout the first quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: I’m sorry. Elyse, I’m sorry. It increase month-to-month throughout the quarter is what I meant to say.
Alan Schnitzer: There’s a lot of estimation involved with that, Elyse, because there are some components of exposure that we consider to be economically like rate. So it’s hard to give you the precise date or time at which that’s going to happen, but I can tell you that we’re getting, at least on a written basis, pretty close if not there already.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. So we give you beyond the underlying and its insurance. There’s always going to be things that impact normal volatility and that’s really what we saw. So let’s call it about a point. About half of that was rate versus loss trend. And by the way, as Greg said, that’s moderated. It’s better than where it was in prior quarters and we think that’s heading in the right direction, as I just said in answering lease’s question. And the rest of it is just normal volatility on losses and expenses, and we see that from time to time. So think weather, think large losses, think mix. All the sorts of things that impact period to period volatility.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, we gave you the outlook and we set underlying margins higher compared to the prior year and underlying combined ratio slightly lower compared to same period to prior year.
Alan Schnitzer: We do give you – well, I mean, we certainly give you the outlook in the 10-Q relative to the prior year. And as you heard me just say, we think it’s going to continue to be higher year-over-year and I think we’ll probably stop there.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, we obviously not a new story. We’ve been watching it. We react to the data that we have. It’s the line we are getting the most rate in, and we’re underwriting for it. In the quarter, a little bit more severity on the smaller claims actually is what we saw.
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, I would just add to that. We understand that there’s a component of our shareholder base that’s looking for the dividend and we want to make sure that we’re paying a competitive dividend rate for that component of our shareholder group. But this also insurance and there’s a lot of uncertainty, and we want to make sure that we’ve set it at a level where under hopefully just about any foreseeable circumstance, we continue to pay the dividend and don’t have to rethink it. So that, in addition to what Jay shared, those two factors play into the decision as well.
Alan Schnitzer: I think, we probably have too many discrete GP relationships to combine them and give you anything meaningful.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Good morning, Meyer. So let me start with a total and I’m happy to go further into the segments, but simply business and FX would be about half of it for the total. And the other half, now we’re getting into a relatively small dollars on the total G&A base. Other half would be timing. So extrapolating out to the segments per Business Insurance, most of it gets explained through Simply Business and through FX. In Personal Insurance, it’s variability and contingent commissions and then some timing.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Sarah. So it’s sort of a broad aspirational comment that we would like pricing to keep up with loss trend. We think that makes sense, but we don’t execute for that headline numbers, right. We look at every account. We look at the circumstances of that account and sign a rate need to it and then try to achieve that. And what you heard, Greg say, is what we did, on the small end, was the function of deliberate execution, given where the returns are. So you got that factor, you’ve got workers’ comp, you’ve got all sorts of things that will drive the headline number. As a reminder though, we’re really executing on account by account basis.
Alan Schnitzer: I’m not sure we agree with the workers’ comp waiting observation by the way. I don’t – I’m not sure that’s true. I wouldn’t say that’s going to be a significant driver. And this in terms of outlook, Yaron, we give you a perspective in the Outlook sections of the 10-Q and we’re probably not going to go beyond that. So I hope that’s helpful.
Alan Schnitzer: The guidance that we give you, one is an underlying basis, so it excludes cats. And two, we do say exclusively in the 10-Q, that it assumes a return to lower more normal levels of whether and other loss activity. So we are assuming a return to more normal levels.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s probably finer than we want to parse it. We start getting into competitively sensitive information there. So that’s probably finer than we want to parse it. I did say in my remarks that we did achieve rate gains more broadly across accounts. That’s true and that’s a trend that – I think it was quarter-to-quarter throughout the year and probably going back five quarters or so. So I will share that color, but parsing it beyond that probably more detail than we want to provide.
Alan Schnitzer: We’ve always resisted and giving that, because there’s so much estimation involved. So all we said is that it’s not insignificant, but we’ve stopped sort of really quantifying that.
Jay Benet: If you’re thinking about it across companies, you got to remember that we define cat – we draw the line in different places in terms of cat and non-cat.
Jay Benet: Hi, Josh. This is Jay. In looking at our dividends, we look at in relation to a number of things. One is what the dividend yield is and other is. What the payout ratio is. How that compares to others in the industry. And the science behind it as well as a lot of judgment. If you look back at where things were several years ago, balancing all that out. And also given the size of the decreases in the average number of shares outstanding because of all the buybacks, all of that translated into the actions that you saw before. With our stock price at the level that it’s at now, even buying back the same dollar amount, we’re buying back fewer shares. So keeping the payout in terms of dollars somewhere in the $750 million to $800 million range, again, getting back to yield in payout ratios has caused us to look at something more in line with 7% as opposed to 10%. But we looked at what we think our future earnings are going to be or how we’re relatively short period of time and make that determination.
Jay Benet: Hi, good morning, Sarah. No, it really doesn’t. We’ve said pretty consistently that we’ve got some ground to cover in tax reform helps, but it doesn’t close the GAAP. And you really have to look at our pricing objectives holistically. So you’ve got to take into account capital requirements and the adequacy of expiring prices and loss trend and the tax rate. We put all those things into the blender and what comes out is as we look ahead rate need. So we continue to think current course and speed. And from a market perspective, again, I’ll just remind you that not the whole market benefits from tax reform. You’ve got both U.S. and domestic insurers who are positioned differently from a tax perspective. And even among U.S. competitors, those that don’t have significant underwriting profit or underlying lost don’t benefit to the same degree as those within underwriting profit. So it’s not like the entire P&C business. The trades in the U.S. is all of a sudden flush and returns are – I think, at target levels.
