Jay Fishman: Thank you, Gabi and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. By now you have seen our second quarter results and as you can see from the release it was another strong quarter contributing to a very strong first half of 2015. We reported operating income of $806 million and an operating return on equity of 14.2%, bringing our year-to-date results to $1.6 billion in operating income and a 14.3% operating return on equity. We achieved these results through strong underwriting performance and solid investment performance consistent with our expectations. Most importantly, our long-term average annual operating return on equity now stands at 13.4% well in excess of a cost of capital. This quarter is another brick in the wall of exceptional long-term performance. For all of the recent market commentary about the industry, our experience remains business as usual. At the point of sale, where business is actually conducted that is one agent, one underwriter dealing with one account, things are very stable and just fine. In fact, the commercial insurance marketplace dynamics over the last six months have been remarkably consistent with what we believe would happen and have been far different from the historical conventional wisdom. We continue to believe that the amplitude of the cyclicality that our industry will deal with is much less than would have been the case historically and you can trace that comment back to our Investor Day in May of 2007; and of course while things can change, so far so good. Anticipating that some of you are going to ask us about our take on the recent consolidation in the primary P&C industry, let me make a few observations. No primary P&C insurer has come together over the past two decades through acquisition activity more than we have. We are very good at it and while we haven't announced any mega transactions in a number of years, our shareholders should expect that we are aware of the possibilities and that we are expert at evaluating them. That evaluation comes down to determining the best way to create shareholder value. The return driven strategy that we’ve been executing for nearly a decade now has been highly successful in creating shareholder value. Our total return to shareholders over virtually whatever period you want to pick is at the top of the heap. So, when we evaluate M&A opportunities, which we do all the time, we evaluate them against that standard. As it relates to Chubb, when we consider the modest opportunity to improve the performance of an already high performing company with some of the best people in the industry, the high degree of risk inherent in combining two successful, but very different cultures and the significant impact on returns on equity from the combination of the premium we expect it would be required, as well as all of the required purchase accounting adjustments. The return just didn't measure up. We have the luxury of a plan A that sets a very high bar, a strategy that comes from having highly differentiated competitive advantages and highly successful business franchises with industry-leading product breath. Again, we believe that our total return to shareholders over the recent past, as well as over the longer term speaks for itself and we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver superior returns, but we do keep looking at M&A opportunities and when we believe there is a transaction that contributes to creating shareholder value, we will make every effort to complete it. Other than addressing the potential market implications of the transaction, which Brian will do, I hope this addresses your questions on the topic. We really don't expect to comment further on that recently announced transaction. And with that I’m going to turn the call over to Jay Benet.
Jay Fishman: This is Jay Fishman. I think it’s absolutely right. And Brian spoke about it as well it’s - any one company if it’s large enough and is willing to accept subpar returns over time can affect the marketplace from a pricing perspective, that’s not been the case, it’s not been the case for a long time. Now why that is, I actually think a lot of it is data and analytics and the fact that people actually understand their returns better than they did 10 years ago. No one would open knowingly say, well I’m pricing this to produce subpar returns, I think that happened to some extent accidentally, not intentionally and so I think the data is different than the business, it’s been different for some time. I get asked all the time, are we pleased or not that other people seem to be getting good at it? I think it is great. I think the more people understand the cost of goods sold in our business and the risks associated with it, the more we look like a normal financial services business and less of one that’s operating in the dark. So, I think that we may have led this and I’m sure we did, but the fact is that you see it in virtually everyone’s reporting, greater reliance on analytics and return focus and that's I think what's causing it. We’re allowing it to happen perhaps is a better expression.
Jay Fishman: Actually thank you for asking that question. I will actually answer it a little bit broader, just in case anybody really wants to, but it is uncomfortable because it is a perfectly reasonable question given our announcement a year ago about my health status, to ask about what's going on. So first I would observe that we’ve been I would say as open as anyone can be about my own personal health status. And more importantly, perhaps most importantly I’ve kept my partners and the Board of Directors here completely price knowledgeable, as I've done along in that process. I am very much on the job and fully engaged and at least from my own perspective there is no decline in my cognitive scale, may be others around here might disagree, but I don't feel I'm struggling in that regard. Now we've always taken succession planning seriously whether it was five years ago, when I was 57, if I did the math correctly, or now that I'm going to be 63 and dealing with health issue, it’s no different, we take it as seriously now as we did then, and there is absolutely a plan in place, with certainty I will tell you that and for the moment all good and when we have more to say about succession and given the fact that I'm going to be 63, we will have more to say, we're going to say it and until then I’m on the job and we’re doing just fine.
Jay Fishman: We’re both to answer that because I think there are parts of it that are relevant to both of us. I just couldn't have imagined accumulating cash over the last 10 years hoping that there would be an acquisition opportunity that would make that judgment with hindsight look thoughtful. You all would have been highly critical, I suspect of that in our returns would have been considerably lower and one of the things I learned from working with Sandy for as long as I did is that if a transaction makes sense you get it financed, and that treating your shareholders’ money like it’s a bank account to be – to just sit on is really not appropriate. So I think we’ve done exactly the right thing and when there is a transaction that we want to do, we will do it. We will go ahead and we will do it. So I will let Jay speak more to the capital and it’s timing, but philosophically we’ve done exactly what we wanted to do.
Jay Fishman: Yes, no question about it. I would observe by the way that your – Dominion was for most people, that would be considered a not insignificant transaction on its own, but I grant you that the kind of mega transaction dates back to that one, yes.
Jay Fishman: Yeah, it’s Jay Fishman. I answered the question at the end there. That’s exactly right. We are going to keep doing what we are doing. There isn’t anything that we expect will happen or contemplate will happen that would require any kind of change in our own strategy. Now having said that, lots of companies that are out there, not just new ones, but old ones too and each of them operate everyday and present their offerings to agents and their services and their people, and we compete against all of them. And we expect we are going to continue to compete against all of them. And I’d really don’t anticipate any change. The funny thing as I reflect on it often about taking a lower price to drive revenue synergies is that the arithmetic doesn’t really work. If you cut your rate, your premiums go down. You want to raise premiums, you got to do a whole lot more new business at lower levels of profit, just to get back to where you were. So the simple arithmetic of taking a lower rate on a large book in the hope of driving revenue synergies is often a fool’s errand. Now it isn’t always. Some people can do perhaps elegantly, but there haven’t been too many of them. So I suspect that the market will continue to think about interest rates and weather and the cost of capital and all of it seems to be incorporating as it prices its product with an unknown cost of goods sold. I don’t expect a lot of change. Could be dead wrong, but that’s one person’s view.
Jay Fishman: I would add one other – this is Jay Fishman. I would add one other point. We really like the homeowners business.
Jay Fishman: We really do. We are not in it reluctantly, quite the contrary. The record that we’ve posted there is really remarkable. I think if you look over the past now even 11 and 12 years, it was one year we had a combined ratio in the homeowners business in excess of 100 and that was actually 2011. It was Tuscaloosa, and it was Joplin, and it was Irene. Other than that, we’ve been sub-400 every year and – so we’re in it because we like it and we think we are real good at it. So, it’s okay, we will keep going.
Jay Fishman: These are hard to do, they are hard from the human side of the news. People get concerned about their jobs, their families, their positions all legitimate concerns and lots of really good talented people and it’s hard, the people side of this is a very, very hard thing to do; and that’s kind of my experience. I never rely too much on revenue synergies, I used to worry a lot about revenue loss. Our goal was to keep it intact, if we thought if we could keep it intact we were actually doing pretty good given some of the pressures that emerge from it. So, synergies I have absolutely no idea, yes it’s hard tough job.
Jay Fishman: I actually agree and I think that you could, of course Jay’s smiling. I was just going to make a little bit different point, I think you can take it somewhat above the limit recognizing that you would not be in the share buyback position for some time, it would not make sense to be out issuing shares and then turn around very quickly and be buying back doesn't make a lot of sense. So, redirection cash flows gives you some leveraged capacity as well.
Jay Fishman: Yeah. It’s Jay Fishman. I will turn it over to Alan in a second. But your last line there, I think is right on. We just don’t think that on the margin you can grow market share by trying to fine tune a modest reduction in price. You don’t have a price lift and its individual underwriters with individual agents and individual accounts. And they bring with them every day a philosophy of perspective and we can’t say to them want you to cut price by a 0.5. They wouldn’t understand a 0.5 from what? It wouldn’t make sense. And so the notion of fine tuning pricing to achieve market share gains is an illusion. It just – we don’t know how to do and I’m not sure anybody else does either. Now if someone is willing to accept materially lower returns, not only on new benign renewal because it will bleed over. You will begin getting exceptionally aggressive on new business and what you find is that agents will get exceptionally anxious about their old renewal books. And so you can do that, but it will have a really meaningful impact on profitability and we’ve seen plenty of companies do that, grow revenues with meaningfully declining profitability, not a – we don’t think a successful strategy. So we focus on product, we focus on people, we focus on technology, we focus on doing making it easier to do business with agents, as growing our market share. So if you look at our middle market business over the last and I’m really going from memory here – over the last I think 10 years, middle market went from $2.2 billion in premium to $3.2 billion in premium. That’s a substantial growth in that segment as we did that. Now, we’ve had other segments that have shrunk and they’ve shrunk to some extent intentionally. When we hit the financial crisis, we took a very hard look at our surety business and our management liability businesses and we had some because we didn’t do everything perfect. I think about our attempt to raise rates in Quantum, pre-Quantum 2.0. So it’s a very granular analysis and I’ll actually direct you to the Investor Day presentation that we did I’m going to say two years ago, where we presented an analysis of individual lines of business and how they had grown and others and how they had shrunk. So we are always interested in growing. We are just interested in growing in ways that are intelligent and actually create value overtime and we work at that relentlessly. Alan, if you want to chime in.
Jay Fishman: And I’d just add one comment because we’d take it for granted, sometimes you all forget. We are not a Fortune 100 or 200 guaranteed cost casualty underwriter. We’re not a liability writer broadly, general liability, to what we would call global companies. So when we talk about outside U.S., we are talking about local business. This is now Brazilian companies or Canadian companies. We’re very focused on the local environment. So, where the local environment has characteristics that would allow for either another competitor to come in and succeed or an acquisition opportunity where that local environment holds promise. We are ambitious for that. No issue at all. But it is a very local evaluation, not an evaluation of kind of the global insurance market.
Jay Fishman: There are certainly differences between marketplaces, but we think our fundamental approach to the business being disciplined about returns, being strong underwriters, all those cultural attributes do translate. And we think that given the sophistication we have in this marketplace, there’s opportunities for us to deploy that sophistication in other less sophisticated markets and make a difference. But there are definitely differences market to market. I wouldn’t say that necessarily holds us back, but it is one of the things that we assess and evaluate. But I would also observe that there are differences in the United States. Doreen just talked about our Quantum product and how we’ve got to tailor that to different markets in the U.S. and we really take that same skill set of assessing our competitive advantages and figuring out how to deploy them in markets around the world. So that’s what we’ve done in our existing footprint and that’s what we will continue to do whether it’s in that footprint or in new geographies.
Brian MacLean: Thank you, Jay. Alan and Doreen will go over the segment details, but before they do I want to make a few comments about the macro environment. Echoing Jay's comments we're certainly very pleased with our results, both in the quarter and for the first half of 2015. We are at a 90% combined ratio year-to-date, very strong retention, stable renewal price increases and no major surprises in our loss trend. In fact, results like this or what we spend our carriers hoping to achieve and here we are, but importantly we didn't get here by accident. We did it with the relentless and consistent execution on our strategies and by investing in and developing a broad rapid products and services and other meaningful sustainable competitive advantages in the markets we serve. But while we feel great and want to talk about how well we’re positioned, I suspect many of you are also interested in our thoughts on the impact that the ACE/Chubb transaction may have on the marketplace. So let me share a few thoughts on that. First, we already compete against these two companies more so Chubb than ACE given our business and geographic focus and we don’t anticipate a lot of difference in competing against them as a single entity. Any company that is large enough can disrupt the market if it’s willing to accept meaningfully lower returns over time, but both ACE and Chubb were probably large enough to have done that before the transaction, so we don’t see that risk being any different going forward. Second, we have great long-term and trusted relationships with our important broker and agent partners and we don’t see that being disrupted. We remain a leading independent agency commercial insurer in our principal market, the United States. And in Personal lines, we are the leading independent agency market in the Homeowners business and we don’t generally compete in the high-end home product, which is Chubb’s primary personal line focus. Third, having completed a number of large scale transactions ourselves, we know that there inevitably will be disruption and dislocation of people and business. This will likely create near- and medium-term opportunities and it’s possible we will benefit from these. Obviously, only time will tell what the long-term impact maybe. But as I said before, we feel great about Travelers. We remain very pleased with how our business is performing and more importantly how well we are positioned for opportunities in this marketplace going forward. Before I turn the call over to Alan, I’m sure that many of you have seen that recently we made some senior level organizational changes and I want to recognize a few of those folks on their new responsibility. Greg Toczydlowski, who’s done a fabulous job managing our personal insurance business, is moving over to business insurance to oversee our small commercial operation as well as take on responsibilities for technology, operations, and business platforms across all of Business Insurance. Michael Klein, who had been managing our middle market commercial business, will take Greg’s spot in Personal. Michael has had a broad range of experiences in his 25-plus years with the company and his management skills, knowledge of analytics in our products make him a perfectly suited to run the personal business. Marc Schmittlein, who for the last 12 years has led our small commercial business, will take on the role of coordinating our cyber insurance efforts across our business. We see cyber coverage as an important opportunity in the marketplace. Scott Higgins will assume leadership of our middle market commercial business and Darren Hinshaw [ph] has been appointed Chief Operating Officer of Personal Insurance. We are thrilled that we have this depth of management talent and the collaborative culture in which great people can thrive. After all, in this industry when we talk about competitive advantages, we start with talent and culture and to succeed you need both of them. With that, let me turn it over to Alan to cover the Business Insurance and International segment.
Brian MacLean: No updates at this point. We do continually look at asbestos on a quarterly basis. We have the annual in depth claim review that takes place and we expect to complete that in the third quarter.
Brian MacLean: Larry this is Brian. It is really two different stories, but whilst [ph] Alan do the BI piece and then – that segment and Doreen can touch on professional lines.
Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Brian, and good morning. We delivered another quarter of strong performance in business and international insurance with operating income of $543 million. Our underlying combine ratio was relatively consistent with the prior year quarter at 93.1% reflecting attractive and stable product returns. In terms of the top line, net written premiums decreased by a little over 1% from the prior year quarter. This was driven by our international business where net written premiums were down 15% primarily as a result of the adverse impact of foreign exchange. Domestic business insurance net written premiums were up about a 0.5. In terms of our domestic production results, as Jay said, we remain pleased with the stability of the market as evidenced by historically high retention and positive rate change. We’ve commented for some time now, that this pricing has improved more of our portfolio is generating attractive returns and our objective has been to retain more of that business. We’ve now posted a very strong 84% retention for two consecutive quarters. As you can see on slide 9, excluding the impact of our large account property business, which I will get back to in a minute, positive renewal rate change and domestic BI was unchanged from the first quarter. Our ability to deliver these results comes from the excellent execution by our field organization of our very granular account by account and class by class strategy. Turning to slide 10 in the webcast, in select retention hit a 6 year high, while renewal premium change moderated only slightly. In middle market, we posted a very strong retention and steady sequential renewal premium change. Notably within renewal premium change, renewal rate change has been remarkably steady over the past five months. In terms of retention, we are retaining around 90% of our best performing business, while achieving renewal rate gains in excess of loss trend on our worst performing business. New business and middle market was down year-over-year. While we like the marketplace stability, one consequence of the stable market is the submission flow was down somewhat. In other domestic business insurance, while renewal rate change turned negative this quarter as you can see on slide 12 of the webcast, the decrease is driven by national property, our large account property business. Excluding the impact of national property, renewal rate change in other domestic BI would have been a positive 1.9%. To put it in context, national property accounts were about 25% of the net written premium and other domestic BI were only about 5% of the net written premium in this segment. Even with the rate change in national property, current pricing levels and returns in that business are attractive and accordingly, we have successfully driven retention to near record levels. In our international business, retention continues to be strong and steady at 82% while renewal premium change of 1.5% was consistent with last quarter. New business is down over the prior year quarter, primarily as a result of disciplined underwriting and a competitive environment in Lloyd’s and the impact of foreign exchange rates. To sum it up, we are pleased with the stability in the marketplace and the results we delivered in the quarter and with the depth and breadth of our talent particularly in the field, our deep analytical capabilities and our market leading products and services, we are well positioned to continue to deliver superior results. And with that, let me turn it over to Doreen.
Alan Schnitzer: Randy it's Alan's Schnitzer, I’ll take that. You guys focus on the headline rate number a lot more than we do. We’re looking at this on an account by account basis and it will build up to whatever builds up to and at least in our performance I think what you see is, as more of our business is reaching rate adequacy our objective is to keep that business not to continue to necessarily get price on it. So, it really is a function of more of that business going over four years of rate increases to rate adequate for us and what you see in the headline number is just the aggregation of all those individual transactions.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so Randy, I didn't mean to suggest that the number is not important, I’m just suggesting we focus on it differently than you do because we’re executing really on a very, very granular basis and we’re looking at it one account at a time, but to get back to your other question I think when we talk about the market ourselves among ourselves and we talk to our field organization, we would say that by and large it does appear to be a pretty rational marketplace and it appears that there is a real return focus in the industry.
Alan Schnitzer: And Randy the other thing I would point you to is the rate at which insurance companies by and large are returning capital to shareholders and if you look at that trend over long period of time, I think you will see a lot more capital being returned. So, to the extent capital can't be deployed at acceptable returns, I think you see a trend toward getting it back.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes Kai, it’s Alan, let me take that as well. And I guess it depends on how you look at it. So let's just say rates are point or point and a half at the moment. We've said that loss trend is running at about four, so if you are looking on a very narrow basis at the relationship of those two things maybe you’d say that rate isn't covering loss trend, but there is obviously a lot more in margin. So, you’ve got volume mix, claims handling practices, underwriting initiatives, expenses whether all those things come through the margin every quarter and there is always going to be moments in those things. So, I would say that were rate and loss trend are sort of too close to call where margins are going to drift over time, given the current relationships of those two things.
Alan Schnitzer: Non-CAT weather in, weather overall in the quarter compared to the prior year was favorable if you take CATs and small weather. Small weather was about the same year-over-year.
Alan Schnitzer: You know what, Kai I am sorry about that. I was looking at the wrong number. There was a benefit to quarter and small weather.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes Jay, it’s Alan. So embedded in that outlook in 2016 we think there will be some improvements in the large losses and the weather. But in terms of pricing, I direct your attention to another part of that outlook where we do talk about renewal premium change. We don't get into a distinction between exposure and price, but we do give you a sense there of relative stability in renewal premium change.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure, let me start with that in the quarter expenses did tick up a little bit and I would caution you that every quarter there is going to be things that sort of come and go. In the expense line this quarter we had a little bit of expenses, I mean technology expenses running through, but I think what I would really point you to is the expense ratio for the first half of the year, if you are looking for what we would consider broadly speaking is sort of a reasonable run rate number, but again I’d put a quarter around that because there is always going to be things that come and go.
Alan Schnitzer: Not much to add. I guess I would point to things like moving Marc Schmittlein to over to take on the cyber project. That’s an example of something we see as a real potential opportunity and when we find those opportunities and we do spent a lot of time looking for and we will make every effort to try to make hay out of it.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, I agree, we will push ourselves on a risk profile, but we will be steadfast on their return focus. So whether it’s E&S or anything else, we are certainly looking for the opportunities.
Alan Schnitzer: Charles, it’s Alan, let me start with that and maybe Jay will follow-up. We certainly apply the same standards outside the United States as we do inside the United States. So the question is always, is the transaction going to contribute to our ability to create shareholder value overtime? So, same lens for evaluating all of it. Given our profile in the United States, given the market share of the franchises we have, that same analysis might apply differently outside the United States where there is just more GDP that we are not currently accessing. So we like the opportunity in Brazil long term, we like the transaction in Canada with the Dominion and we will continue as we’ve been on this journey to export our competitive advantages from the U.S. to other markets. We will continue to build on a platform that’s scalable and as we find those opportunities, we will again make every effort to complete those transactions. But – so we are certainly out looking for them and it’s the exact same standard we would apply to transact in the U.S.
Doreen Spadorcia: Thank you, Alan, and good morning, everyone. Bond and speciality insurance had another strong quarter with exceptional financial returns. For the quarter, operating income was $151 million, a reduction from the second quarter of 2014 driven by a lower level of net favourable prior year reserve development partially offset by a favourable resolution of prior year tax matters. Underlying underwriting results remain very strong and well within our target. As for top line, net written premiums were generally flat to 2014. Across our management liability businesses, retention and new business premiums picked up modestly while renewal premium change was down slightly. So, great results for this segment. I will now turn to personal insurance where we also had another terrific quarter with strong underwriting results in both agency auto and agency homeowners and other. For this segment, operating income for the quarter was $174 million, up significantly from the second quarter of 2014 due primarily to lower cat and non-cat weather and higher net favourable prior year reserve development. The underlying combined ratio improved by more than a point from the prior year quarter, driven by favourable non-cat weather. We continue to feel great about the margins in this segment. Looking at agency auto, we once again delivered strong top and bottom line results for the quarter and continue to be very pleased with the performance of this business. The 96.5% combined ratio for the quarter included 2.5 points of favourable prior year reserve development, which was driven by better than expected severity in bodily injury. The underlying combined ratio of 96.9% continues to run in a range we are comfortable with, given current market condition. This result was up modestly from the prior year quarter due to a variety of small items including non-cat weather, which although materially favourable for homeowners, was slightly adverse year-over-year for auto. Our loss trends remain consistent with recent quarters. Production results also continued to be strong driven by Quantum Auto 2.0 where we are now coming up on two years since the start of the roll out. New business premium was 37% higher than the second quarter of 2014 and we continue to grow policies in force, which increased more than 35,000 during the quarter. Net written premiums increased 7% from the prior year quarter. So, by all measures, great results for auto for the quarter. Turning to agency homeowners and other, we once again delivered strong financial results with an underlying combined ratio of 77.5%, a 4 point improvement from the prior year quarter driven by relatively benign non-cat weather. Margins in this business remain well within our return expectations. As for agency homeowners production, we are very pleased with the progress we’re making. New business premiums were up 33% from the prior year quarter and continued to trend favorably, while retention remained strong. Policies in force have leveled off and net written premiums are essentially flat from the prior year so the book has stabilized. As we have said in prior quarters, this is an area of high focus for growth and we’re encouraged with the positive results we’re seeing. So to sum up, personal insurance another great quarter; and with that I’ll turn the call back to Gabi.
Doreen Spadorcia: We’ve obviously been paying very close attention to miles driven and unemployment, which we’ve heard others speak about. But I will tell you at this point, our trend is 3%, which it has been historically, so we are not seeing anything out of the ordinary. There has been a little bit of non-cat weather, but that was just in Q1, but our trend remains consistent.
Doreen Spadorcia: You know what, I’m sorry, I just wanted to correct. 3% is our trend overall, that includes frequency and severity. That’s what I meant, but Gaby wanted to make sure.
Doreen Spadorcia: This is Doreen. I’ll answer your question. We’ve, as we’ve stated before, our business strategy is based on account business and overall service to consumers. To the extent that a certain company has acquired a homeowners’ capability, we think that’s probably a good thing for them. If we were looking at it, it’s smart, but it’s a start-up. It’s very small. And I think you heard Brian’s or Jay’s points in the beginning that we’re the number one homeowners franchise with independent agents. We don’t take that for granted. We’re going to be very, very aggressive about maintaining that position. And so, while I think it’s an interesting twist to things, I think it more validates what our view is about the importance of the product to the customer.
Doreen Spadorcia: And I will move to PI for a minute. So you know that we set out to take $140 million of expense out, so that we could price Quantum 2.0 at a competitive level and that was made up of separate pieces, so you won't see everything in the expense line. We had about a third of that from ULAE [ph] a third from commissions and then the third other third was our own operating expense. And I think what we're seeing with some of that not reducing is that we had a higher level of growth in a good way then we had planned, so your acquisition expenses in terms of report ordering and inspections all of that really are upfront cost and we also are having such a good property here that we contributed to our contingent commission. So, I think they are all explainable and I will just say that the things that we've done have allowed us to compete from a new product perspective. So, and just to reiterate, I think we did a reconciliation for you at the end of – for the fourth quarter and we did achieve the $140 million in savings. It’s just those others…
Doreen Spadorcia: This is Doreen, and I'll tell you there's certain things we don't normally disclose. But I will tell you, and we've said this in the past, that over 90% of our new business is now coming from Quantum 2.0. Since inception, we've now got a pretty big chunk of premium, and we’ve got enough earned premium that we think there's enough credibility for us to really look at the performance of the business. And I'll tell you that it's right within our expectations of how we thought it was going to perform.
Doreen Spadorcia: Well, I'll tell you, we just rolled out California and Massachusetts. It's a new product, but it's not Quantum. And we've got a few other states, North Carolina, we have to build something separately for that. But even in California and Massachusetts, which we were happy to bring them a new product because they didn't even get Quantum 1, it's a light version in terms of what the regulators allow us.
