Gregory Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance produced segment income of $410 million and a combined ratio of 100.6% for the quarter both significantly better than the prior year quarter due primarily to a significantly lower level of catastrophes this year. The unfavorable prior year reserve development that Dan mentioned had 1.5 point impact on the combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio of 95.4% was 1 point better than the prior year quarter as non-cat property fire losses, which were elevated in the prior year, returned to more normal levels. Although, the underlying loss ratio improved from the prior year, it was impacted by about above 1 point from higher than expected non-cat weather. For perspective, the third quarter of 2018 included 18 PCS in equivalent events outside the U.S. that did not meet our cat threshold, while 2017 had only 6. While losses from non-cat weather were unfavorable to our expectation, cat losses were favorable. In the aggregate of the cat and non-cat weather was generally in line with our expectations for the quarter. Our expense ratio improved by around 0.5 point as we remain focused on managing expenses thoughtfully while making ongoing strategic investments and prudently growing the business. Turning to the top line, net written premiums were strong for the quarter at $3.6 billion, up 6% over the prior year quarter driven by strong production results. Regarding domestic production, we achieved strong renewal premium change of 5.1% with renewal rate change of 1.8%, while retention was exceptional at 86%. New business of $467 million was up 7% from a year-ago. Pure rate is up more than 1 point from the third quarter of 2017 and down a bit sequentially, but as you know, we executed a very granular level. We continue to achieve renewal rate gains broadly across our Middle Market accounts with auto, CMP, GL, property and umbrella all having positive rate increases. Auto continues to be the line with the highest level of rate consistent with our view of performance of the line. We're pleased with these production results in consistent with Alan's comment, we continue to execute our marketplace strategy to meet our return objective with thoughtful balance towards retaining our best business, improving pricing where it's needed and pursuing attractive new business opportunities. Turning to the individual businesses. In select, renewal premium change and renewal rate were stable, while retention remained strong at 83%. New business was 5% over the prior year quarter as we continue to leverage our investments in technology and workflow initiatives. In Middle Market, renewal premium change was 4.7% with renewal rate change of 1.6%, while retention remained historically high at 87%. New business premiums of $269 million were flat to the prior year quarter in aggregate. In our core commercial accounts business, where our business initiatives are most advanced, new business was up 5% as we continue to be more active in the market with increased quote activity. In closing, Alan laid out our innovation agenda across the company. As we shared with you at last year's Investor Day, for Business Insurance that means furthering our capabilities around customer solutions, convenient processes and competitive cost structure. Our strong marketplace execution including the impact from the progress we've made on the strategic initiative have contributed to our ability to deliver nearly $600 million of additional net written premium year-to-date in 2018, while keeping insurance G&A expenses generally flat. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom to talk about Bond & Specialty Insurance.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yeah, Yaron. This is Greg Toczydlowski. That's a real small portion of our overall Lloyd's book and hence it's a real small portion of our overall BI portfolio. So it really wouldn't have a material impact on the loads of the business going forward.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yeah, Jay, I think - again, I would stick with we're very excited about what we've done with Amazon, and not get into speculating on what other opportunities might exist there. We're really focused on making the most of the relationship we've established here, again, for us, for our customers. And importantly, because I - and I keep emphasizing this, because I think it's gotten lost a little bit in the rhetoric, but importantly, creating opportunities for our agents and brokers to take advantage of it with their customers as well.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Sure, Mike. Thanks for the question. I think as we've been talking about the auto. The auto strategy at the top-level has shifted from reduced growth and manage profitability to balance growth and profitability. So we have shifted a bit in our mindset there. We are very pleased with the results year to date. And as I indicated, expect will be within our target combined ratio range for the year, which is ahead of schedule. Most of that is driven by the pricing and underwriting actions that we've taken. Some of it is driven by better-than-expected frequency that we've seen. I think for all the reasons that Alan just outlined in the commercial auto discussion, so that we're cautious about our outlook on frequency. But one of the drivers of the improvement has been frequency has been a bit better than we expected for a little while now. And so, we're cautiously factoring that experience into our outlook. And I would say cautiously optimistic. And again, you can see our outlook for pricing and for margins in the line in the outlook section as we spike it out there for you. But really pleased with where we are with auto and looking forward to taking it forward from here.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Tom. And good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance this quarter, we continue to deliver on our objectives of balancing growth and profitability in auto and sustaining momentum in homeowners. Segment income of $153 million, increased $76 million over the prior year, while their combined ratio of 97.2% improved 2.5 points. These improvements were primarily driven by lower catastrophe losses and a modest amount of favorable prior year reserve development, partially offset by higher underlying loss experience, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. Agency Auto delivered a strong quarter, with a combined ratio of 91.3%, down 14.7 points from the prior year quarter. While the quarter benefited from 1.8 points in favorable reserve development, as well as 6.7 points from lower catastrophe losses, the main story is the continued improvement in underlying auto profitability. The underlying combined ratio improved over 6 points to 92.6%. Primarily as a result of the continued successful execution of our underwriting and pricing strategies, as well as frequency that was better than we expected. Taking our year-to-date underlying combined ratio for Agency Auto of 94.8% and factoring in our normal expectation for a seasonally higher fourth quarter combined ratio, we're on track to be within our targeted combined ratio range for the full year, which is sooner than we originally expected. In Agency Homeowners & Other, the third quarter combined ratio of 100.3% was impacted by a significant number of catastrophe and the non-catastrophe events. Catastrophes, including the Carr Wildfire and Hurricane Florence added 11 points to the combined ratio this quarter, a slight improvement relative to the third quarter of 2017. The high number of other PCS events that Greg mentioned, along with a variety of additional non-catastrophe weather events, accounted for roughly 6 points of the 10 point increase in the underlying combined ratio for the quarter. The remainder of the increase was largely attributable to non-weather loss activity, including elevated water and fire losses. As we indicated last quarter, we are actively factoring this more recent loss experience into our granular pricing and underwriting decisions. Renewal premium changes have increased year-over-year and we expect an acceleration in Homeowners' pricing in future quarters. Turning to the top-line, Agency Auto premiums grew 6%, driven primarily by price increases, which continue to moderate consistent with our plans and in line with improving profitability. In addition, we're pleased with the modest improvements in retention and a 2% increase in new business, the first year-over-year increase since the first quarter of 2017. In Agency Homeowners & Other, we remain pleased with our momentum, delivering 6% growth in both net written premiums, as well as policies in-force, while achieving renewal premium change of 3.8%. All in for the segment, results continue to improve and we're pleased with our progress in our plans to generate profitable growth going forward. As Alan mentioned, we're excited about our new relationship with Amazon, along with the other strategic initiatives we have underway, including the ongoing roll out of Quantum Home 2.0, further expansion of our IntelliDrive auto telematics program and continuing investments in digital capabilities that improve ease of doing business for our customers and agents, while making us more efficient and effective. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure, Ryan. Thanks for the question. And I'll just clarify it. So the 10-point deterioration in the quarter again roughly 6 points, roughly two-thirds of it, is coming from non-cat weather which includes PCS events that don't meet our threshold for a major cat as well as the other weather that I talked about. Your point about the other water losses and the fire again in the 10 points - the remainder of the 10 points was largely due to those. That's not 4 or 5 points. It's a smaller number than that, call it roughly a third. And it's about 50-50 non-weather water and fire inside that. I would say the fire experience is very much sort of normal period-to-period volatility. I think the non-weather water is something we've been watching, I think, you've heard others probably talk about non-weather water losses. We're digging into it, we haven't found smoking gun underneath it. But we have seen a deterioration in that experience and that is one of the underlying drivers that's causing us to rise price and expect an acceleration in homeowners RPC on a go-forward basis. Tying back to Alan's comments earlier on non-cat weather and underlying results, again you sort of look at - we look at all of that and our baking a portion of that into our outlook and into our underwriting and pricing strategies on a go-forward basis. So we are factoring in elevated loss levels that we've been seeing recently into our pricing and underwriting decisions and our pricing and underwriting strategy, which is again why you see our outlook for pricing to be higher.
Michael Klein: Sure, Brian. It's Michael. Thanks for the question. And again, it's - I would say, it's a long game we're playing here, and it's certainly something that we think will create opportunities for both us and our agents. We do believe that connected home devices should have a favorable impact on loss experience. It's very early days, we've not only been doing the work with Amazon, we've been connecting other experiments with other smart home device providers to try to quantify the benefits. What I can tell you is that we are filing to expand the discount for connected home devices in conjunction with this and the other work we've been doing, and moving that discount to about 5% as we roll the new Quantum Home product out across the country. So that's probably the best number I can give you to put a point on it. But again, it's early days and it's - we are very much looking forward to the teaming up with Amazon and to some of the other experiments to gain insights into the impact of these devices on loss experience.
Alan Schnitzer: I guess, Kai, when we're - the outlook section, Business Insurance, that underlying margin, I think as we reflect in those words, is a reflection of large losses returning to more normal levels by historical standards.
Alan Schnitzer: Kai, if we're talking about weather, this is the insurance business and there is going to be volatility in weather. And we acknowledge that we've had a run of quarters where we've had some variability in both cat and non-cat weathers. But if you go back and take the longer view, looking at cats and non-cat weather together, for the whole place, 2009 was better than we expected. We had a run from, I think it was 2010 to 2012 that was worse than we expected. At the end of 2012, we were thinking, gee, is this a new normal. And then, we went into a period of 2013 to 2015 that was favorable. 2016 was sort of spot on. And then, you got 2017, so far 2018 that has - that's been elevated. And so, we're - our objective is to get it right. Missing it too high is no better than missing it too low. Our objective is to get it right and make that we're pricing our product over time for what we expect on an overtime basis. And we think that we're effectively doing that. In terms of - if this is a question about modeling and you're trying to figure out how to think about your model for next year, we give you all the help we can in the outlook section of the 10-K and 10-Q. But thinking about this business on a longer term, we're taking all the data we have into account. We're thinking about everything we know about the future and making sure we're pricing our product for the long term.
Alan Schnitzer: Kai, I mean, I don't know whether you measure weather cycles by the year, by the decade or by the millennia. I mean, we know it's in our data and we can see that. And part of this isn't just weather. It's population migration into more wildfire and weather prone areas. And so, we take all of that, and all the history into account when we think about both our underwriting, our risk selection, geographically where we want to be, what kind of risks we want to write, terms and conditions, what our risk control people look for when they're going out, looking at the property to underwrite it. And we take it into account in pricing. But I'm - we're very interested in the question you ask, which is why off the top of my head I knew what weather had done going back almost a decade. And we follow it very carefully, and take all that into account when we're thinking about the future.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Kai, so we've obviously followed all the chatter in worker's comp with great interest in - that's a business that we've historically been very good in. And we got a big set of data and we like that business a lot. But getting back to your question, let's - loss trend, frequency and severity, those are selections, right? Those are management estimates based on actuarial analysis of history and a view of expected trends. And that is a view that goes into both pricing and reserving. So you set up those expectations. And then you look at the data quarter by quarter as it comes in. And there are always ups and downs in the data every single quarter in virtually every product line. And so, you look at those ups and downs and you take a step back and you say, okay, what do we think caused those things to go up and down? Sometimes we know and sometimes we don't. And is that normal variability, normal volatility in that measure or is there something more fundamental going on that we expect to persist into the future? So particularly in a long tail line, you'd be pretty careful about making a dramatic change based on one quarter of data. So I'll tell you, we're watching it very closely. We do see ups and downs in these measures from time to time. We haven't seen anything year to date that's caused us to move off our loss picks. And, Kai, back to your other question, you asked - given pricing, will we be able to maintain returns in the product. If pricing is going down and everything else is equal - I mean, pricing is for sure an input into returns. If pricing is going down and everything else is equal, then the margins in the product will go down, that's just arithmetic. Pricing isn't the only factor. There is loss trend, as we just discussed. There is risk selection, there is claims handling. There are all the other levers that go into the return of a product. But your question, will rate - the decline in rate causes the return to go down, if that's the only thing that changes, yes. But that's not the only lever that there is. We're not going to get into a forecast of margins on a product-by-product basis.
Alan Schnitzer: I don't think so. First of all, because the duration of the assets, it's going to take a while for that to really ramp up and work its way in. And then, as the risk free rate goes up, our cost of equity goes up, and that's also an input into our pricing model. So I wouldn't say that the increase in interest rates is a dampener on price.
Alan Schnitzer: I think, we're going to avoid that temptation to try to forecast the expense ratio. We give you all the outlook on margins in outlook sections that I think, we want to give. And I - but there's a really important strategic point here. Productivity and efficiency are very important initiatives around here, everybody is focused on it, but it's not necessarily for the purpose of just lowering the expense ratio. It's for the purpose of giving us flexibility from the financial perspective. We're trying to create flexibility to take that benefit and either let it fall to the bottom line, we can reinvest it in important strategic initiatives, where we can make a decision to put into price without compromising our return threshold. So while it's on everybody's mind here, and it's a big focus for us, it's not just about managing an expense ratio.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. There is not a bogey that we would share from just competitive sensitivity perspective, we certainly think about the opportunity and what it's worth when we invest in these things. But we've made a deliberate decision so far not to set up a fund or allocate a certain amount of dollars to an initiative like that. We may change our mind. But at least our perspective now is, you do something like that and then you end up spending the money whether you find value in it or not. The fact of the matter is we generate a lot of excess capital. Our objective is to reinvest that money any time we can, when we think we can create shareholder value with it. So having said that, we are very, very disciplined about every dollar we spent and we put it up against a lot of metrics and measures to make sure we're getting that value out of it. But I wouldn't put a number or scope the opportunity.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, on workers' comp, I don't know if you're looking for forecast on pricing, where that's going obviously we're not going to get down to forecasting the pricing in a line. I mean, that's not much more competitively sensitive than that. But what I will say about pricing in the workers' comp, it's a reflection of a line of business that's been very profitable for us. So there's nothing about the pricing dynamics so far that's a surprise to us.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Sure, Amit. The 15,000 you referenced is a specific target of devices for the state of California only. And that's just the unique feature of the way we set the arrangement of in that state. To your point, just to give background for the rest of the group. The first four states - and this is really driven by regulatory filings and regulatory requirements. There was actually an endorsement of the policy that's required for us to be able to make the offer. And so we're essentially linking the Echo Dot offer and the discounts on the connected devices with that filing as we make it and get it approved across the country. So the first four states are just the initial four states, we plan to extended two additional states as we go-forward. And again, the 15,000 is just a number of devices specifically for California subject to the terms of the agreement with Amazon. As respect to your question about an exclusive, we're not going to comment sort of specifically about the details and the terms of the agreement beyond that. But again, I bring you back to - we're excited about this opportunity, we think it's a great opportunity for us. We are excited about the relationship with Amazon, and we're excited about the opportunity it presents for our agents and brokers to promote the program and how to sell these home safety solutions to our customers.
Alan Schnitzer: No. There is nothing unusual underneath it. There is no timing or sort of onetime things that are artificially improving in it, a lot of hard work over a long period of time enabled by years of investments in technology and workflow that's enabled it.
Alan Schnitzer: I mean, you've seen an expense number that's been flat over a pretty long period of time. And you've seen an expense ratio that's been on a decline. So I mean, it's sub-30. It's just as good a number as we've printed in a long time. But as we see it, the continuation of a trend.
Alan Schnitzer: I don't think that's detail that we've given. We did tell you that non-cat weather and BI, I think, what Greg said was about a point relative to what we would have expected. Hopefully, that's useful color for you.
Alan Schnitzer: I mean, it's certainly worse by - I don't know exactly what your math was. But I don't know. There is another 50 basis points or something like that that we would just consider the normal variability in the insurance business. But I wouldn't consider it a structural - I mean, the word deterioration suggest the systemic structural deterioration. We wouldn't say that. We'd say there is another 50 basis points of just variability and this is the insurance business.
Alan Schnitzer: Hey, Josh, let me just go back to your question on BI underlying. And there is a - it seems implied to your question that you're looking at our outlook or explanation of prior periods and thinking about that as a forecast for a particular quarter. We are not giving the outlook information to try to give you guidance on any particular quarter. We're just trying to give as much help as we can on the general trends, as best as management can see it and interpret it and what those trends are and how they're influencing margins over the forward year. We identified the large losses last year, because that was an outlier. And in this quarter, it just so happens that those return to a more normal level - more normal level. But there are other factors that are going to impact this business from time to time. There is going to non-cat weather. We had that this quarter. We told you that was about 1 point. There are base year changes. There are premium adjustments. There are all sorts of things that in any particular quarter could impact the result. So I would just caution you, in terms of the way you use that outlook in terms of an expectation that it's guidance.
Alan Schnitzer: I mean, I don't think backwards. I think forwards. So we are where we are. We think there is an elevation of a 100 basis points of non-cat weather. And we've given you in the outlook as best we can where we think it's going to go.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, it's certainly a topic that - yeah, sure, it's a topic that we certainly debate among ourselves all the time. We created the convention that we had, I don't know, probably in 2002 or something like that or maybe even before that. And the theory behind it was there is going to be some level of weather losses that ought to be stable and relatively predictable. And then you have things that are more severe that aren't. And obviously, particularly, more recently, we've seen a lot more volatility in that, call it, working layer of weather. So I don't know if we'll do it or if we won't do it. But we appreciate the comment and we have thought about it and continue to think about it from time to time.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, we gave that last quarter. It was relevant. We hadn't intended to give it going forward. There is some competitive sensitivity to giving that on an ongoing basis. But having said that, and having given to you last quarter, I don't think we would intend to give it going forward. But I'll tell you, that also take down a few tenths of a point. But again, I'll point you back to the RPC of 5, which if you think about that 5 in a historical context that's a very strong number. And, well, I'm not going to quantify it. But the RPC ex-workers' comp is even higher than that, so hopefully a couple of helpful data-points.
Alan Schnitzer: As we indicated, it was severity in recent accident years. And we can speculate on some of what the causal factors might be and whether that's inexperienced drivers or higher density on the roads given the - I mean, we can give you some factors that we could all read about. I mean, the fact of the matter is it's hard to isolate it to one or two things that we can pull out of our data and say that it's this. It's a line that's been challenged from a profitability perspective for a while. We've known about that. We've been pricing for it. We've gotten, I don't know, over couple of years cumulatively 20 points or rate or something like that. So we're trying to get ahead of it. But it's hard to get to the causal factor. And if we can analogize to PI auto, we've seen some fluctuations in frequency and severity there. And sometimes those are explainable and sometimes they're not. We can speculate about some things. But I wouldn't know exactly what to point to, to tell you what it is.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, Jay, we love the question and we are very enthusiastic about it. I think we're a little bit hesitant to give any further insight into the way we're thinking about it strategically beyond what we've said.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah, in the outlook section, I think we give you the driving factors. And we can take the - we can take it offline.
