Michael Klein: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance, we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results. For the fourth quarter, segment income was $327 million and the combined ratio was 88.5%. For the full year, segment income of $824 million, an improvement of $527 million from the prior year and the combined ratio was 94.2%. The results for both periods reflect solid improvements from the prior year, driven by significantly lower catastrophes. Underwriting income also benefited from higher levels of earned premium. Net written premium growth for the fourth quarter and full year was 6% and 5% respectively, with continued strong retention, renewal premium change and new business. Agency Automobile delivered solid results in the quarter with a combined ratio of 99.2% and was typically our highest combined ratio quarter for the line. The 3.9 point increase relative to the prior period is largely reflective of the unusually low level of losses in the fourth quarter of 2018. The full-year combined ratio was an outstanding 94%, which was comparable to the prior year. The underlying combined ratio of 94.6% improved 0.7 points, benefiting from earned pricing that exceeded loss trends in the first half of the year, as well as favorable frequency throughout 2019.  In Agency Homeowners and Other, fourth quarter combined ratio of 75.8% improved by 34 points in comparison to the prior year quarter, which was significantly impacted by catastrophes, specifically the California wildfires and Hurricane Michael. On an underlying basis, the combined ratio was 73.6%, or 1.1 points higher than the prior year quarter, driven by a higher non-weather loss activity. The full year 2019 combined ratio was an excellent 92.5% as lower catastrophe losses drove a 13.1 point improvement from the prior year. The underlying combined ratio was up 4 points to 85.6% for the year, due primarily to higher non-catastrophe weather-related losses, and the impact of the new catastrophe reinsurance treaty. As we've discussed with you previously, we continue to take pricing and underwriting actions to address higher levels of underlying loss activity.  Shifting to quarterly production, Agency Automobile net written premiums grew 2% with modest growth in new business and policies enforced, while retention remains strong at 84% and renewal premium change was 2.9%. We continue to make progress in our efforts to grow this profitable line. Agency Homeowners and Other delivered another strong quarter with net written premium growth of 13%, driven by higher new business levels, retention at 86% and renewal premium change rising to 7.4%, double the level from the prior year quarter.  We remain pleased with the rollout of our Quantum Home 2.0 product, which is now available on 34 states and the District of Columbia. Quantum Home 2.0 has granular pricing segmentation, customizable coverages and ease of quoting, combines a form a solution that is both sophisticated and simple and our increased quote volume and higher average premiums suggested hitting the mark with both agents and customers.  Turning to our outlook, we expect that for 2020 compared to 2019 Agency Homeowners and Other renewal premium changes will be higher, while Agency Automobile renewal premium changes will remain positive but be lower. The underlying combined ratios for both Agency Homeowners and Other and for the Personal Insurance segment as a whole will be lower. This improvement is expected in the second through fourth quarters of the year, assuming lower levels of non-catastrophe weather-related losses. For Agency Automobile the outlook is for the underlying combined ratio to be broadly consistent.  All-in it was a very good year for Personal Insurance with a second consecutive year of strong profitability in auto and strong and significantly improved homeowners profitability. In addition, we achieved record levels of domestic net written premiums, new business and policies enforced. We have strong momentum going into 2020 and are well positioned to deliver profitable growth, while investing in capabilities that will continue to enhance the value of our franchise. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe. 
Michael Klein: Sure, Jimmy, this is Michael Klein. I would say a couple of things. One, most of the rhetoric in industry about loss trend deterioration focuses on severity, which is a piece of the puzzle. And we certainly are observing some of the same dynamics in terms of collision and physical damage severity that you're seeing folks talk about as well as bodily injury severity. On the good news front has been frequency. And as I mentioned, we continue to see favorable frequency better than our expectations sort of throughout 2019. And we put those frequency and severity results together with a longer term view of loss trend. And view loss trend as actually an aggregate relatively consistent going into 2020. And then the lower renewal premium change outlook is again on the margin. And again, lower but continued positive.  And so that's where we land on broadly consistent. And again, I think much like Greg's commentary in Personal Insurance rate versus last trend is one dynamic that drives you to your outlook for a combined ratio. But the other levers that you use to manage the business, including underwriting, terms, conditions, claim process, claim efficiencies, come into that view of the outlook as well. So it's not just a linear roll forward of rate versus loss trend getting it to that answer.
Michael Klein: Sure, Meyer, I appreciate the question. I would say two things. One, we do say that it reflects lower and more normalized expectation for a non-cat weather that doesn't mean a reversion to the mean, it means lower expectation than we saw in 2018. And as we've been talking about 2018 was what -- I'm sorry 2019, what we've been talking about is non-cat weather has been elevated in 2019. We have an expectation in 2020. That's lower than the 2019 level, but importantly, continues to reflect updated estimates and an updated view of non-cat weather loss activity which has been rising. So I wouldn't want you to assume that the assumption in that outlook is the same assumption we had two or three or four years ago. And in fact, it includes more loss content than it would have two or three or four years ago. And so we see margin in the segment and margins in Agency Homeowners and Other improving despite the fact that we have a higher view of the non-cat weather loss content in that outlook than we would have had a year ago or two years ago.
Dan Frey: Hi, Michael, it’s Dan Frey. So, I'll draw the distinction between sort of the long-term trend assumption and what's going to roll through any particular quarter or any year. So, in that slide, we're reconciling for you the difference between last year's combined ratio and this year's combined ratio. And clearly for the year as a whole, when we look at the change in the loss environment overall, it was more than 4.5%. We did remember to raise our view of the long-term trend. I think we talked about that back in the second quarter, but we haven't changed it since then. So, these are more reactions to data that we're seeing in the current environment, raising the level of losses but not the trajectory from this point forward. 
Dan Frey: Yes, that's full year. So remember, the outlook is really a 12 month broad view of what we think the environment is going to be as opposed to a quarter-by-quarter reconciliation. The comment Greg made is that when we compare Q1 in particular of '20 to Q1 of '19, the strengthening that we've done for 2019 came in Q2, Q3 and Q4 primarily. So that comparison in and of itself is going to be a little different than the year more broadly.
Dan Frey: Yes, Michael. It's Dan again. So, I'd say broadly, yes. And I’d remind you that if you go back and look at the results we've disclosed throughout the year, even going back to Q1 of this year, we did talk about CMP as being an unfavorable contributor to prior year reserve development and BI even going back to Q1. And clearly, as you are alluding to CMP has got both a property and a liability component, it is the liability component. But as we've made comments over the second, third, and now fourth quarters of this year, when we talk about the liability environment in Business Insurance, that for us is meant to include the liability component of CMP as opposed to this being something new and different.
Dan Frey: Sure. So, focusing on the full year, because there's going to be a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter. So, 29.6% for the full year, that's a range we're comfortable with now. Certainly, noticeably, better than it was several years ago and steady progress over the last three years. I think everything comes back to the way we talk about the business consistently, which is we're trying to optimize returns over time. There's not really a specific targeted expense ratio. Although in the current environment the level that we're at now is a level that plus or minus we're pretty comfortable with in this environment. We've been able to get productivity and efficiency gains. And at the same time, we've been able to make the investments in the business that we think to make for our success going forward. And we will always balance those things. The fact that it’s come out at 29.6 for the year feels good. And this is a level that we're pretty comfortable with in this environment.
Dan Frey: Mike, it’s Dan. I'm not quite sure how to answer that question. What you're seeing here is our numbers. And for sure the point I think we're trying to make here is, our experience -- and this includes as a result of underwriting actions taken over the previous 10 to 15 years to really sort of move the mix of our book so that it's less coastal than it was a decade or more than that ago. So there's been a lot of industry commentary around hurricane. I don't know that anybody feels that there's any less exposure to hurricanes broadly now than there was two years ago, five years ago or 10 years ago. I think as a percentage of where our risks are, we’ve probably on a relative basis mitigated our hurricane risk compared to the other risks. And I think that's really the point we're trying to make in this slide is that second quarter for us has been the issue, which is not aligned with the traditional hurricane, not because I think on a macro basis the hurricane environment is more benign. I don't really have an opinion on that. We're just telling you, in our book based on where we write and the exposures we have, this is what our result looks like over the past 10 years.
Dan Frey: Hey, Brian. It's Dan. Yes. So in the quarter, again, a modest amount of reserve activity in our PYD number related to revivers, not big enough to have been called out but we saw California enact reviver, this quarter I think North Carolina as well. California is one that gets a lot of attention, it's a big -- obviously a big state and a very active legal environment.  But remember, or in case you don't remember, California had once before open to reviver. And so that goes into our consideration there. So, there has been activity pretty steadily throughout the year. First quarter was the most notable for us and we talked about it then, but there's been modest activity following that and that did occur again in the fourth quarter. 
Dan Frey: So Amit, it's Dan. We were aware of the revivers that have been enacted and are open in the periods through which they will close. What we've tried to do in 2019 is look our best estimate of the ultimate loss costs related to that activity regardless of the period of time for which the reviver is open. Obviously, when the windows close, we'll have a more crystallized view of the volume and types of claims that have actually come in. To this point, we haven't seen anything in the activity that's coming that makes us change our view of the reserves related to CVA. Regarding the 2020 outlook in general, our view -- one, our commentary relates to underlying combined ratio, but I'd make the comment that generally speaking, and we’ve said this consistently, we don't anticipate prior year reserve development either favorable or unfavorable on a go forward basis. We think all the information we have regarding the claim environment, as it exists today, is reflected in our reserves today.
Dan Frey: I think in broad magnitude we saw bad news in the second quarter. We saw bad news in the third quarter. We saw bad news in the fourth quarter. They weren't noticeably different in terms of the way they felt in terms of magnitude. And if you step back and looked at the full year overall related to the tort environment or social inflation, those things being worse than they had been. We’d say the underlying combined ratio on a full year basis compared to a year ago is probably about full points higher than it was. And when you think about the fact that there has also been an impact in PYD we think about that same thing over the full year basis. It's hard to attribute exactly what drove loss changes. But to the best that we can characterize it and if you not take this to be, there's a very specific science. But based on the data and analytics we have, we’d attribute as probably to the place worth about 2 points of bad news within this year's full year prior reserve development. 
Alan Schnitzer: Micheal, it’s Alan. I would also just encourage you to make sure you're looking at Slide 10 too. Because there is a lot of moving pieces in Slide 9 that when you look at it on a full year basis, it’s just -- it’s a little bit of an easier view to take in.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Larry. It's Alan. Let me take a stab at that. So, first I would say, we're definitely pleased with the trajectory rate versus loss trend. That continues to be a good story. And importantly, you got to look at retention in that regard, that's hanging in there which suggests we think this is an environmental thing and we would say that the pricing actions have room to go here. In terms of our overall sense of the balance sheet, we are closer to the end of this than we were a year ago, that's for sure. And what we're very confident in is, we're confident in the talent we’ve got looking at this. We're confident in our processes. We're confident in our data and analytics, and we are confident that we understand the environment out there. So, very confident in our best estimate. Can we tell you this is the end of it? Of course not. We couldn't and nobody could. But that I don't need to imply any lack of confidence in, again the data analytics people process here. This is an environmental issue and we think we're on top of it. 
Alan Schnitzer: Well, certainly because it is environmental, just the playbooks as you go to rate, that's just the way you solve those issues. Now, anytime you have a circumstance like this, and frankly, anytime in any book of business, we're always looking to optimize. We're always pulling books of business apart in understanding where there are opportunities to improve. And that's true in our best performing businesses and our worst performing businesses.  So you go through that process, and there are always things that we can do better and we will do those things. When we look at this environment in particular, relative to our overall book of business, there are around the edges accounts or segments of the business that we think in the current environment don't make sense. And we'll either get the right rate or we'll get off them. And then probably to the question you’re really asking is, what we're doing from a claim perspective. And clearly, the plaintiffs’ bar is getting more sophisticated, more clever, more aggressive. And I guess in response to that, I would say so are we. I'm not anxious to detail our tactics or strategies. I think that would probably be unwise for us to do that. But we've got a very large and very sophisticated claim operation, lawyers’ litigation strategy. And so we will employ all those levers as well.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, thanks for question, Mike. So you could look at any one quarter and there may be a pocket of heat in terms of geography or business or line. But I think the right way to answer that question is to take a step back and look at the last year. And when we take a step back and look at the last year, we would say it's been broadly across our casualty coverages, geographically, line of business, and so on and so forth.  I would point out that a vast majority of the business we write has 500 or fewer employees. And as Greg mentioned, more than 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So, I would say this is a relatively broad-based phenomenon is the way to think about it.  Now, yes about relative to history, we had other liability environmental I'll say over last decade or two. But -- and there's some people out there that try to compare them. I don't know that you really can compare them, just the facts and circumstances are different. You’ve got companies that have different books of business. We've got -- all of us have different data and analytics available to us. But I think most importantly, if you look at prior liability environments I’ll call them, those have largely been driven by medical inflation. This one is driven by social inflation. And I'm not aware in recent history of another environment where distributed social inflation has been the driver. 
Alan Schnitzer: Mike, I'll just add. That's definitely why we provided the slide. We look at models and we scratch our heads a little bit and obviously we don't know what 2020 is going to look like or 2021 or any other year, right. We have no idea where the volatility could come from. But certainly when we think about how -- what our assumptions are and what our plans are, our starting point is the last 10 years and we think it's relevant for thinking about this year and future years.
Alan Schnitzer: The trends have been favorable. We generally assume a reversion to a longer term mean there. So we don't assume that all the favorability will continue. I mean there has been a very long-term improvement in overall workers’ comp frequency. So we’ve certainly taken into account, but results have been even better than that. And we don't necessarily assume that's going to continue. Medical inflation the severity side has been pretty benign as well. And similarly, we tend to think that these things revert. 
Alan Schnitzer: Well, it's another quarter to another data point. It's -- every time you get a little bit more data, you get a little bit better view on where the environment is. And so, from that perspective, we feel better. I can't look at it and tell you where the first, second or third quarters of next year is coming in. So from that perspective, there continues to be some uncertainty. But we're in other quarter into it. And frankly, we're five quarters into it.  And so the view we've developed over five quarters, our view of the environment every quarter, we dig into our book a little bit more and test our hypotheses. And all that gives us a little bit more confidence. I don't -- I'm not -- I can't comment about what's going to happen in the first quarter. We just don't know yet, Ryan. 
Alan Schnitzer: I mean, obviously, any of those things could be a contributor. Certainly social inflation continues to be a risk factor and some uncertainty for us. But any of those things could be a contributor. We feel -- as I said, we've got confidence in our processes. We -- our objective is always to get this number right. We price and reserve based on one view of loss costs. And so, it's important to us to try to get it right. And so we think we've done that.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, I mean let me just go back and highlight a comment Greg made in his prepared remarks and I just referenced in 90% or so of our policies in liability lines ex-workers’ comp have policy limited $2 million or less. So I don't think it's -- there's been a lot of industry observers that have commented on this relationship between the loss environment and the limits profile. We just don't think that's true. There's plenty of activity on the smaller accounts.  We haven't -- and we haven't seen the industry necessarily move to changing the limits profile. We think our customers are out there and they need a certain level of protection to manage their businesses and we intend to help them manage their risk in their businesses. We just got to charge the right price for it. And so, solving this through broadly changing limits profiles is probably not the answer.
Alan Schnitzer: No, definitely not. It started in commercial auto and I'm looking on -- really I think 99% of our commercial auto policies have policy limits of $2 million or less, I think.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, and again, that's why we gave you our limits profile and talked about the fact that a vast majority of our commercial lines policies have customers, employees of 500 or fewer. I mean, it's a -- we are a mainstream writer. We've got a middle market and small commercial business. And we are feeling the heat in those policies that have limits of $2 million or less. Now, we did observe a year ago that to a large degree this started in commercial auto. And that made perfect sense to us, because there was a lot of homogeneity to those claims. Those are very easy claims for the times hard to bring. But it did spread to GL, and again, largely on -- not on the national accounts, large in limit size. Those larger accounts have big limits. Those have always had aggressive attorneys on them. What we're seeing now is the attorney participation spreading into across these small caps.
Alan Schnitzer: I’d say, I'm taking a step back and trying to think about the year, which I think is sort of the right way to think about it. Probably the right way to think about it is Slide 10 on a full year basis, I don't I don't really know that the quarter-by-quarter view really use any insight. But maybe the answer to your question is somewhat consistent than what you said.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so, I don't -- I'm not sure we're going to share the absolute number but I will share with you that the percentage of claims on which we're seeing lawyers has increased by about 10 points over seven years -- over six years with about half of that increase coming in 2019 and 2018. So that sort of gives you a sense of the quantum of the increase over recent years and how much of that has come really in just '19 and '18, half of the increase. One of the reasons why we think it's been such a recent and significant shift. And just to -- yes Abbe is pointing out to me, that's the commercial autos business.
