Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Abbe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our 30,000 employees are engaged in executing on our focus strategic priorities and we're seeing the impacts. As we've explained in the past, our strategic efforts are geared towards creating attractive top line opportunities and improving productivity and efficiency. The strong results we delivered across all our business segments this quarter reflect progress on both fronts. Net income for the quarter of $796 million was up 19% over the prior year quarter, generating return on equity of 13.5%, the highest level in two years. Core income was $755 million, up 11% and core return on equity was 13%, also the highest level in two years. The underwriting gain of $395 million pretax is up more than 50% over the prior year quarter, reflecting higher business volumes and a lower combined ratio. Earned premiums were up 5% to a first quarter record of $6.9 billion with each of our business segments contributing. The combined ratio of 93.7% improved by nearly 2 points. The underlying combined ratio improved almost a point to 91.6% with strong results in each of our business segments. Notably, we achieved improvements in productivity and efficiency in each of the segments. Our high-quality investment portfolio performed well, generating net investment income of $496 million after-tax. While slightly below the results in prior year quarter due to lower private equity returns, net investment income benefited from higher fixed income return. Our strong results this quarter contributed to growth in book value per share of 7% and growth in adjusted book value per share of 2% after returning $625 million of excess capital to shareholders consistent with our long-standing capital management strategy. Turning to production, we remain very pleased with the execution of our marketplace strategies. During the quarter, we grew gross written premiums to a record $7.8 billion, an increase of 6%. Net written premiums, which reflect the impact of the new catastrophe reinsurance treaty, we discussed with you last quarter, were $7.1 billion, up 3%. Our premium growth once again reflects high levels of retention and positive renewal premium change. That speaks of the high quality of the business we're putting on the books. In Business Insurance, gross written premiums increased by 6%, as we achieved renewal premium change of 6%, including renewal rate change of more than 2%. For both rate and RPC, those were the highest levels in almost five years. As you might expect the price increases were led by the Commercial Auto and property lines, but with the exception of Workers' Comp, rate was up both year-over-year and sequentially in each of our product lines. That's the result of granular and deliberate execution to meet our return objectives. We'll continue to see great gains selectively and thoughtfully and in close coordination with our distribution partners. Importantly, we are encouraged that while we were improving margins, we maintained retention at historical highs and generated a higher level of new business. In our consistently high-performing Bond & Specialty business, gross written premiums were up 4%, driven by historically high levels of both retention and new business in our domestic Management Liability business. Surety premium volume was at high levels in both the current and prior year quarters. In Personal Insurance, which as you know is a great story, gross written premiums were up 6%, reflecting strong results in both our agency auto and Agency Homeowners businesses. You'll hear more shortly from Greg, Tom and Michael about our segment results. Lastly, I'm pleased to report that as a reflection of confidence in our business, our Board of Directors has declared a 6.5% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.82 per share, marking 15 consecutive years of dividend increases with a compound annual growth rate of more than 9% over that period. To sum it up, our first quarter performance has a terrific start to the year. We generated strong results in terms of both profits and returns. On top of that, we had another quarter of excellent production. Our performance, competitive advantages and commitment to innovation position us to continue delivering industry-leading results over time. And with that, I'll turn it over to Dan.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Jay, it's Alan. If you go back and think about when we started talking about rate most recently beginning of 2017, and we said then we were starting to push for rate. And if you plot out the line for either rate or rate and RPC, you'll see an upward sloping line and that's been very deliberate on our part. I shared in my prepared remarks that we intend to continue to push for renewal rate change and just in terms of managing the returns. Now we are getting some help from exposure and that counts to both in terms of the component of exposure, behaves like rate and the expense leverage we get from it. And if you see in the outlook section of the 10-Q that we filed, you'll see that we've - we're calling for higher RPC there as well. I mean, that's a single number. There's a lot of texture underneath. We're forecasting essentially nine months out, so who knows, but we're going to continue to push in this direction.
Alan Schnitzer: Okay. Mike, just - just as a point of clarification, Mike that the Simply Business investment wouldn't be any expense ratio, just for clarification.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, that's - it's G&A, but there's - all of G&A doesn't go into the expense ratio, Insurance G&A does. We can take it off-line.
Alan Schnitzer: And Elyse, I would add that the rate increases are pretty broad other than workers' comp. So all products other than workers' comp higher sequentially and year-over-year, rate increases on a higher percentage of overall accounts, for example. So it's reasonably broad-based, although rational by product line relative with the returns we're getting in those lines.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Elyse, this is - it's probably more precise than either we could get or would want to share on that. We're - we've got all the efforts focused on it. We're working on it. And we're - there is an assumption that some of what we saw in the first quarter was an aberration and a return to more normal levels reasonably quickly. And there's other work that we're going to be doing, that's going to take some more time. But to give you any more precision than that would probably be - would probably give you a set of precisions that just doesn't exist.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, if I understand your question, I think the answer is yes to both. The rate we're getting when - and we give you some perspective by segment in the outlook, and we give you some perspective on the outlook for margin in the outlook. And that does - the outlook we give you on margin does take into account, as best as we can tell what we're going to achieve in terms of rate and exposure.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, again, to both. Yes, we feel good about the 22, and we feel great about the 6 points of overall pricing. If you go back and look at over - if you go back and look over a decade and you look at what rate and RPC have done, you'd say 6 point surprises. It's pretty good by historical standards and particularly when you think about the fact that in '16 - end of '16 into '17, total price actually never went negative. So before it went negative, it started moving back up. So we feel good about what we're achieving, and we feel good about returns. Ryan, if you take the results in the quarter, and if you normalize for prior year development and weather, you get a pretty good result. And so we'd be probably a little bit less than what we printed because there were some other good things that happened, but you get a pretty good results. So we don't look at the returns that we're generating on a consolidated basis today and say they're disappointing. But as we look out the windshield into the future, we think there's more work to do in terms of achieving our objective of mid-teens over time. And so we're not disappointed with the 22, we're not disappointed with the six. And we're going to keep pushing. There's more work to do.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, also I'd add that - we bifurcated a little bit. We think about the return on the flow and that we adjust periodically to reflect market rates and then separately we think about the capital on the balance sheet that supports the risk and that, that really reflects the overall portfolio return.
Alan Schnitzer: If you're looking at Business Insurance, yes, that's right. It's large losses returning to a more normal level.
Alan Schnitzer: I would say that's about right on an earned basis. On a written basis, we're probably doing little bit better than that.
Alan Schnitzer: Amit, thanks for that question. Productivity and efficiency is a strategic priority across the entire place in each of the businesses. In a claim ordination virtually everything we do. And so some of what Greg's achieving to the business centers contributes to that. It also contributes to other strategic objectives specifically making sure that we're providing good experiences for the brokers that we're doing business with and the customers that we're serving so it all goes to that point. The savings - whatever productivity and efficiency we generate there and frankly, anywhere else, really for us is, we look at operating leverage or enhanced operating leverage as an opportunity. And as we said before, we'll take those dollars and we'll reallocate them over time as we see fit. We can let it fall to the bottom line and you'll see the expense ratio. We can reinvest it in strategic initiatives that we think are going to drive shareholder value. Or if we want to or need to we can decide that we want to put into pricing without compromising our return objectives. So I know you've heard us say that a lot but what's important to us about enhanced operating leverage is having that flexibility.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, we're also slicing the bone probably a little bit - we're heading towards slicing the bone probably a little bit thinner than we'd like too. And I think most of the impact you're talking about was quarters two through four. And so my answer relatively flat was Q1 to Q1. But if you go back and look at your commentary from last quarter I think you'll hear us say that the improvement was primarily going to be in quarters two through four.
Alan Schnitzer: Let me - let's stay away from Umbrella. Let me just respond to social inflation more broadly. So I - this is probably an oversimplification. But I think, about social inflation probably in three buckets. I think about legal decisions, I think about plaintiff activity and I think about jury awards. From a legal decision's perspective, certainly, at the federal level, over the last couple of years, I'd say that's probably been on balance and improvement. If you look at jury awards, I would say a little bit more volatile, a little bit more unpredictable. And broadly speaking when it comes to plaintiff activity, the plaintiff's bar I would say we have seen a more aggressive plaintiff activity. Now that was certainly a big driver of the Commercial Auto charge that we took last quarter for example. We think about the liability side of C&P for example, but when you get into the larger end when you get into Umbrella when you think about the large end of GL, when you think about Management Liability, those are broadly speaking coverages where there's already a lot of litigation. Generally, everybody is represented in those cases and so those have always been reasonably active in terms of litigation. It's really at least so far on the smaller end where we've seen more activity.
Alan Schnitzer: No. I mean we're certainly seeing it. The phenomenon you're identifying could vary from company to company based on mix of business too, right. The net lines you put out, the types of risk. I mean you got to remember, we are - we're a Middle Market Main Street business for the most part. I mean obviously we do have a National Accounts business, a National Property business. And we do write public company liability on Management Liability side but, by and large, when you think about Travelers, it's a Main Street middle market business. So it could be a mixed difference for us relative to others.
Michael Klein: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Personal Insurance is off to a great start in 2019, with strong profitability and solid production. Segment income was $278 million, the highest quarterly total in a decade and an improvement of $149 million over the first quarter of 2018. Our combined ratio of 90.1% improved 7.4 points, driven by lower catastrophes, improved underlying underwriting results and higher net favorable prior year reserve development. On an underlying basis, the combined ratio was 89.1%, an improvement of 1.4 points even after an 80 basis point impact from the new catastrophe reinsurance treaty. Turning the top line. Gross written premiums grew 6%, demonstrating continued momentum in the segment. Net written premiums were up 2% in the quarter, reflecting the impact of the new cat treaty. The impact is more pronounced in Agency Homeowners and other, where net written premiums grew 1% compared to gross written premium growth of 9%. Agency Automobile delivered an impressive quarter with a combined ratio of 89.4%, 5.4 points better than the prior year quarter and the best result in more than 10 years. The quarter benefited from higher net favorable prior year reserve development and very strong underlying results. The underlying combined ratio of 92.1% improved 4.2 points relative to the prior year quarter due primarily to earned pricing exceeding loss trend, including the benefit from continued improvements and observed frequency levels. Just as a brief reminder, the first quarter underlying auto combined ratio is typically the lowest of the year. We're also very pleased with our first quarter results in Agency Homeowners and other, where our combined ratio improved by more than 10 points from the prior year quarter to 88.2%, driven by lower catastrophes. On an underlying basis, the combined ratio was a solid 82.6%. The increase of 2.4 points versus the prior year quarter primarily reflects the impact of the new cat treaty. Turning to quarterly production. Agency Automobile retention remained solid at 84% with renewal premium change of 5.1% and a 7% increase in new business from the prior year quarter. We're encouraged by these production results as we work to grow the line at returns that continue to meet our objectives. Agency Homeowners and other delivered strong production results as well, with retention at 85%, renewal premium change up over 0.5 from the fourth quarter and increased momentum in new business, driven primarily by the successful rollout of Quantum Home 2.0. Our Quantum Home 2.0 product is now available in 25 states versus 3 states at this time last year. We're on track to launch the product in most of the remaining states by year-end, including enhancements like our expanded smart home discount and home sharing endorsement, both of which we've introduced since the initial launch. To date, the product is performing well both in terms of marketplace reception by agency and customers and in terms of production and profitability. To recap, we're pleased to be off to a great start to the year in Personal Insurance and are well positioned to grow profitably, while continuing to invest in the business. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure, Brian, it's Michael Klein. No, it's actually not due to that. It's actually pretty consistent with the outlook we gave for the full year and has a lot to do with seasonality in the auto business. So when we gave the outlook for the full year, we said that auto experience would likely be better than the prior year in the first half and worse than the prior year in the second half. And this is really just a reflection of the first quarter rolling off. And now, we're just looking at the 9 months versus the 9 months.
Michael Klein: When you look at severity, I would say we continue to see some of the same things you're seeing in the industry, physical damage, repair costs continue to be rising, but they have been - when you look underneath that, you see a little bit of a shift in vehicles towards heavier vehicles and SUVs. You see higher repair costs due to improvements in technology and more technology in the vehicle. So we think that those severity trends sort of are persisting. The good news and we referred to this in our comments, is that frequency has continued to be better than expected and is - in the quarter was an offset to that and part of the result that we produced in Q1. But, again, the outlook is really just a quarter dropping off and consistent with the outlook that we had for the full year.
Michael Klein: Sure, Mike. Again, it's Michael Klein. And I think certainly sort of two components there. I will start with the segment, right? We're really pleased with the positioning of the segment. We are growing policies in the segment, growing premium in the segment and really had a terrific start to the year in terms of the total segment. If you look at the pieces, the auto competitive environment, certainly, we compete in that market every day. I think if you use competitive rate filings as the proxy for a level of competitiveness and you look at that data, you see that rate filings in the industry - the file rate for the industry is down period to period and continues to be lower increases in aggregate than the industry had filed for in the past. The aggregate, I think, 12-month rolling rate increase for the industry now is below 2%. So that could be a proxy for the competitive environment in auto. And maybe just an additional comment on the outlook. While our outlook is for a higher combined ratio in the next 9 months than the prior 9 months, it's still a target return. So to your point, we're seeking to grow in the auto line. We're executing on marketing, distribution and marketplace execution strategies to do that. And as I said, the production results demonstrate improvements in new business, strong retention, moderating pricing that, I think, is all consistent with that view. On the home side, again, most of the deterioration in underlying from the first quarter of last year is explained by the treaty. And so that's most of it. If you actually remove the treaty impact from the underlying combined ratio and compare that to history, it's very consistent with our long-run average underlying combined ratio in home. That said, there's some period-to-period volatility there. There is still some pressure in nonweather water loss activity, which we have talked about which is part of why you see RPC rising and why we're focusing on improving RPC as we go forward. But, again, I think we're very pleased with the performance of the property portfolio and the path we're on. And then conversely to the auto outlook that I described, the property outlook, again, mostly just because of the quarterization of the outlook is for better results on an underlying basis in property for the balance of the year sort of going the other away from auto. And when you put those two together, you get a better combined ratio outlook year-on-year.
Michael Klein: I don't know if I spoke specifically to written keeping up with loss trend, but certainly, on an earned business, we continue to expand margins. And on a written basis at 5 points of RPC, I would say we're continuing to expand margins on both basis. I didn't speak specifically to that, but we feel good about the margin expansion. And again, the outlook is for auto to produce target returns.
Michael Klein: Yes, Josh, this is Michael. I would say on the homeowner's business, we're working to move RPC north. So we're not quite there on a written basis yet, but we're close.
Michael Klein: Sure, Amit. It is Michael. The short answer is when we look at our sort of long-term trend, in fact, it remains relatively consistent. And I would say talking about frequency and severity a little bit separately, generally what we see on the severity side is quarter-to-quarter fluctuations that sort of bounce around our long-term expectation. So again, we see the severity pressure that you see in industry statistics around parts and liability cost and those things. But feel like our long-term assessment on severity reflects those. On the frequency side, again, we talked about the first quarter underlying being driven by pricing earning in excess of trend inclusive of both sort of our assumption and a better-than-expected result in the quarter. And we do see for a number of quarters in a row now frequency coming in better than I think we or the industry had expected it, and it's something we're keeping an eye on and thinking about how to factor in.
Michael Klein: I think it's a great question. I think if you take a longer-term look at frequency in auto, you see a bit of a secular decline and that's the piece that we're trying to figure out as we're returning to sort of that long-term downward trend in frequency or not. There's been a lot of commentary and discussion around - in the marketplace and in other places about what could be driving it and one of the things people point to is safety features on vehicles. I think it is important to point out that a number of the features that folks like the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety point to as the ones that could have the most impact still have relatively low penetration in the fleet, right. Things like automatic emergency braking less than 5% of the cars on the road have it. So again, I think the journey is still out on whether there is a shift in long-term frequency trend but those are some of the things we're watching in addition to miles-driven employment and the other factors that we've talked about.
Michael Klein: Sure, Jeff. Just starting with the premise of the question I would say the treaty impacts a little more than you're estimating there and therefore, the other impacts are a little bit less in the underlying. But then underneath that we, again, as I mentioned we do continue to see some nonweather water loss pressure. And I would stay consistent with what we've talked about in the past we've sort of sliced and diced that by geography, by type of home, by age of home. We've looked at - we've seen commentary around the first floor, second floor, so we've looked at it by type of construction. And what we tend to see is these nonweather water losses are up sort of consistently across most of those dimensions. So there's not a thing we point to, which is why our strategy to address it has been to seek to increase price. So that be our view on the trend. But the underlying in the quarter does reflect some continued pressure there. Again, we expected some continued pressure there and have built a pricing strategy to address it. So that's our take on it.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Jay, this is Greg. Small Commercial marketplace has always been a competitive section of the marketplace, and we obviously are monitoring, assessing all the competitors that enter that space. And we make the assumption that some of them are going to be successful, and we accordingly manage to that way. And in terms of channel preference, we're not seeing any material shift of channel preference right now. We believe we've got a model that's very effective, and we're investing to make it as frictionless as possible. So wherever the consumer ultimately goes in the future, we think we're going to be positioned very well.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Elyse, this is Greg. First of all, the outlook, as a reminder, is an estimate. And so we try to give you as much transparency in our best dealer around where that's going to go on a going forward basis. And if you look at the webcast slide for domestic BI, overall, you can see that the 6% for the first quarter, we think, is a terrific number and is the highest number on the page. And as Alan just said, we're going to continue pursuing our margin improvement campaign going forward also.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Mike, this is Greg. Yes, we really aren't going to share workers' comp on an individual line and the price and just because it is such an offensive dynamic of how we compete in the marketplace. We have in the past I've shared, and it's pretty evident that there's been very good loss results in workers' comp and there has been reductions in the market. So if you look at our RPC at 6%, clearly ex workers' comp, we'd be higher than that, and we really aren't going to disclose the individual product lines going forward.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes. I mean that depends so much on your product mix. I mean we're predominantly in the E&S business much more from a property perspective. So the answer would be yes, for us given some of the catastrophic pressures we've seen on property over the last two years.
Gregory Toczydlowski: I gave you in my comments here the non-cat weather was a little more than 0.5 point will be good guide relative to the first quarter of 2018.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Sure. Yes, coming off those two catastrophic years, there's obviously been some dislocation in the marketplace in just an opportunity for more risk sharing and that typically comes with terms and conditions. So you can think about sublimits on flood and earthquake, deductible shifting from a fixed component to more of the percentage certainly in the geographic exposed areas but that's something we're constantly looking at. With all that said, we look at our National Property business on account-by-account basis. So that's a generalization and we are, again, looking at each account and looking at the risk/reward of those accounts. And if there's an opportune time to have some risk-sharing like there is in the property segment right now then we go about and achieve that.
Daniel Frey: Mike, it's Dan. I think we're going to not be real specific on that given that it's an issue that we expect to be involved in legislation over a particular coverage matter. We did try to give you at least direction of magnitude. Early in the press release, I think we talk about the year-over-year change in PYD, which on a pretax basis was pretty close to $100 million being primarily attributable to the Child Victims Act. And in our minds, that means more than half. But I think to get much tighter than that, would be more detail than we want to give.
Daniel Frey: That's a good question. Of the top of my head, I will tell you in one second. Comp, '18 is a very young year on a longtail line. So not a lot of movement in '18. Favorability and workers' comp is some recent accident years, but that's a little too recent for us to be making much of a change.
Daniel Frey: Yes, so it's Dan again. I guess I'll think about expense ratio more than enterprise level. And from a high level, we gave you some outlook at the end of last year, which was - expect in this year to be broadly consistent with what we saw last year. Last year, as an enterprise, we're at about a 30.1. This year, in the first quarter, it's a 29.7. There's a little bit of a benefit, as Greg mentioned, from this state assessment change would have put - you could think about that as 20 or 30 basis points back into the expense ratio. This is an example of things can be a little bit lumpy from one quarter to the next. We're happy with the expense ratio in the first quarter, but not taking that as a permanent improvement versus what we had expected previously.
Daniel Frey: Brian, so it's Dan. So to be clear, this reaction in the first quarter is to the New York change only, right? So we are setting reserves actuarially and from an accounting standards perspective based on what the law is. We're aware that there are a number of other states that have discussed possible similar legislation on a go-forward basis and are keeping a close eye on those. If more states enact, we would react accordingly as other states react. The one that looks to be sort of in the nearest term potentially ready to go would be New Jersey. We've made an assessment of New Jersey and would expect that to not be anywhere near the magnitude of what we just recognized for New York. But it's an ongoing issue in a number of states that we're keeping an eye on.
Daniel Frey: Meyer, it's Dan. So we'll consider that in pricing as we do a number of factors. It's one of the hundred things that go into the process of determining what's the right price. We've seen the 10-year treasury move up and down, but it's been sort of plus or minus 0.3, not more than 0.2 or 0.3 per quarter over the last 4 or 5 quarters. So not a dramatic impact. It does eventually get baked into what we think we need for price to generate the returns that we're trying to generate because clearly, that's a component of return, but it hasn't had a dramatic impact at this point.
