Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Tina. Good morning and welcome to Travelers' discussion of our 2016 second quarter results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com, under the Investor section. Speaking today will be: Alan Schnitzer, CEO; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. They will discuss the financial results of our businesses and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will take questions. In addition, other members of senior management are in the room, including Bill Heyman, Vice Chairman and Chief Investment Officer; Michael Klein, Executive Vice President and President, Personal Insurance; Tom Kunkel, Executive Vice President and President, Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Greg Toczydlowski, Executive Vice President and President of Business Insurance. Before I turn it over to Alan, I'd like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks and responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement, and other materials that are available in the Investor section on our website. And now, Alan Schnitzer.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Brian. Tina, we are now ready to start the Q&A portion of the call if I could ask the participants to limit yourself to one question and 1 follow-up, please. Thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Great, that's it. It concludes our call for today, as always we at investor relations are available for follow-up questions. Have a great day. Thank you.
Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter operating income of $649 million or $2.20 per share, and an operating return on equity of 11.6%. Our underwriting results remained strong, as reflected in our 93.1% combined ratio for the quarter, despite the impacts of higher catastrophe and non-cat weather-related losses year-over-year. For the six months, we reported operating income of $1.35 billion or $4.52 per share, and an operating return on equity of 12%. Given the cumulative impact of years and years of declining interest rates on our investment portfolio and also relative to the fresh lows in the risk-free rate, we feel terrific about the returns we continue to generate. Our expertise in risk selection and pricing, our thoughtful and consistent investment strategy and our active approach to capital management all come together to enable us to achieve our objectives of delivering superior returns and creating shareholder value. Turning to production, the second quarter was another example of the successful execution of our market place strategies. We are very pleased with the record volume of premium that we wrote in the quarter and we continue to be very pleased with the amount of returns in the business we’re writing. In our commercial businesses, retentions remained high and renewal premium change was positive. Underneath that, consistent with our very granular approach to execution, in middle market, we retained 90% of the premium from our best-performing accounts with only a modest decline in renewal rate change on that business. On our poor-performing accounts, we achieved renewal rate change in excess of loss trend. You might have noticed that renewal rate change in domestic business insurance was slightly positive as compared to slightly negative in the first quarter, and renewal rate change in middle market improved by four point, we don’t forecast rate and we’re not calling a bottom, but the significance of this to us is that the market remains remarkably stable and we’re generally successful in achieving our written objectives. In terms of new business, we are actively seeking and finding opportunities that meet our return thresholds, and we delivered strong new business growth in our commercial businesses, including 10% growth in new business and domestic business insurance. In personal insurance, net written premiums grew 9% to a record of over $2.1 billion, with accelerating momentum in both auto and homeowners. New business was up 21% year-over-year, driven by the success of the Quantum product. Quantum Auto 2.0 continues to meet our financial expectations and is successfully enhancing our market position. Our success in the market place across all our businesses really speaks to the value of the talent that we have in the home office and in the field, and their ability to leverage our data and analytics and work with our distribution partners to deliver great products and services and fair prices to our customers. Franchise value matters. Before I turn the call over to Jay Benet, I’d like to acknowledge and thank all of our colleagues in the Claim organization for their extraordinary efforts and handling the claims of our customers, affected by severe weather and fire so far this year. These experts are on the frontline for us delivering on the promise we extend with every policy that we write and it has been a very active year so far for them. Their responsiveness and expertise are great to our customers and an important competitive advantage for us. In Canada, where we saw significant wild fires in the Fort McMurray area, both our customers and we benefited from the work we’ve done to replicate our US claim model, which enables us to respond to large scale events with our own highly-trained professionals and resources without resorting to independent adjustors. So, all in all, solid results for the quarter and the first half, particularly in light of the weather and wildfires and continued excellent execution in the market place. And with that, I’ll turn it over Jay Benet.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure, Randy, it's Alan, I'll take that. So the underlying combined ratio in that segment, you're right, was down 2.4 points. Part of that was commission and that was a year-over-year comparison thing, nothing going on there. The other piece of that was in the loss ratio, the majority of that does come from non-cat weather. There is a relatively small piece of earned rate versus loss trend coming through. And one of the reasons we showed you Page four in the webcast was to try to put that in a little bit of context. So really what's impacting year-over-year is the weather. You get, as we said before, we tried to make clear that rate and loss trend is one small piece of what goes on, but there is also taxes, expenses, base year, mixed - the impact of changes in claim handling, things like that. Everything else, as we would've expected was a wash. So, there is nothing in that that earned rate versus loss trend that was surprising to us or that we think shouldn't had been evident from the return information we’ve provided over the last year or so.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s the earned impact of what we’ve been disclosing is written over the past year. So it's earning in as we would've expected and we called it out just in the interest of transparency. But again, nothing that surprises us and given where our return and earned returns are, nothing that we’re not comfortable with.
Alan Schnitzer: I would just say - as I said in my prepared remarks, Randy, we're very comfortable with the model returns on the business we’re writing, and so just to give you a little bit more context.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. The delta is not really in the base commission, so delta is in these other things that caused quarter-to-quarter variances.
Alan Schnitzer: It's Alan, Michael. I guess I would say that we try not to forecast on these individual pieces, but what I’d suggest is maybe you go back over the last - I don’t know, somewhere between two and four quarters and average the number and maybe use that as sort of a proxy for a go-forward number, but there is always going to be some volatility quarter-to-quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, I would add to that that part of our motivation behind pushing little bit more activities, just where returns are, product returns in the marketplace after five or so years of price increases, and so there is a lot out there that's potentially attractive to us, consistent. This is really important, consistent with our return objectives. So we're not making any compromises on that.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, the other factor just to know it's not all this new business impact from what we are writing. As Michael explained a second ago, we haven't had this last quarter or so, this favorable non-weather loss activity. And as we also highlighted in 10-Q, we expect that to return to a more normal level. So that's also having on a go-forward basis, a slight adverse impact.
Alan Schnitzer: It's not episodic. There is a trend there, but I think what we've told in the past is, there is some danger to looking at that very narrow definition of rate versus loss trend. And obviously, anybody could look at rate which is sort of around zero and loss trend, which is something north of zero on a written basis, and it has been moving in that direction for some number of quarters, so as anybody as we would've expected, as that earns in over time, there will be some negative pressure on margin. But what we've said in the past is you've got to look at that in the context of all the other moving pieces that impact underlying underwriting margin, things like we have a tax impact year-over-year this quarter, there is expenses, there is base years, there is mix, all those other things go into that number, and what we've shown you this quarter is all that comes out to about a wash. And I guess, I'd also point you to the outlook where we give you a sense of over the next four quarters or so that we would expect underlying underwriting margins obviously subject to the volatility of weather and whatnot to continue to be broadly consistent.
Alan Schnitzer: So one of the point on that, so again, as Michael said, we’re not going to give you explicitly the target we have for life expectancy on policies. We think that's part of our competitive kind of conversation. We clearly accept that hitting the expectations of retaining the business is important, which is why in my comments, I emphasized that as we are going into year two and in some cases year three for the Quantum Auto 2.0 product, we feel really good that we are hitting the retention rates we expected. So whatever our expectation was for life expectancy, along with our statement about losses are progressing, so is the retention of the business and you can look at our long-term retention and begin to deduce some kind of policy life expectancy by just doing the arithmetic.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure. In terms of BREXIT, the most significant impact to us would be whatever it means for the overall economic activity, the amount of premium that we write out of the UK that relies on passporting is very, very small, it’s something like 5% of our overall international premium and about half of that is to Lloyd’s and we assume that one way or another, Lloyd’s will address the passporting issue as will we by the way. A long way to go to see how that's going to work out and what the ultimate arrangements are going to be, but other than the overall macro impact, we don't expect any significant impact to us.
Alan Schnitzer: That’s right there are some large losses in non-cat weather that in the outlook we would expect to return to normal levels, we would assume.
Alan Schnitzer: Larry, it's Alan. Let me be very clear about this there is nothing that’s changed there is nothing that’s surprising us and everything is consistent with what we’ve reported to you on a written basis over the last four quarters. The real reason we put it in there is we wanted to be completely transparent, it’s a very small piece but we thought gee, if we didn't put it in there, you or somebody would have said to us, gee, how can this not be happening because we are looking at your written numbers over the last three or four quarters. So I’ll just reiterate it’s small, it's within our expectations, it wraps up with all the other things that are typically moving around in a quarter, it’s about a wash in terms of the year-over-year impact and nothing - no message intended in terms of anything out of the ordinary, completely expected, completely consistent with what we've seen on a written basis and we continue to be very pleased with the model of returns on the business that we're writing.
Brian MacLean: Yeah, Kai, so this is Brian. I’ll start, a couple of broad dynamics. Not surprisingly, Auto was the line where we're seeing the most positive pricing movement. Comp is, I think, the line with the most pressure, and that's, I think, really consistent with workers comp, if you see what’s coming out of NCCI and other competitors, that's not surprising. From an account size perspective, larger accounts under more pressure, so we've talked a lot and others have talked about a large property business. We think that's somewhat consistent with the returns that have been in that business, but some pressures are there, I think, even larger casualty business is under a little more pressure than the middle and small type of business. I don’t think from an industry perspective, there is anything appreciable, but that would be the broad strokes.
Brian MacLean: Michael, this is Brian, again. In this quarter, similarly there was some, but not to the same degree. So just to quantify this, as I said about a point on the Auto side, it was probably about half-a-point on the Personal Property side of some impact there, so some, but not as dramatic of that, again, that specifically the PCS event.
Brian MacLean: Yeah, the commission - last year in the second quarter, we had a takedown in our contingent commission accrual that reduced the number. So that created a year-over-year kind of difference.
Brian MacLean: I think it's a couple of factors. We believe, as I tried to say in my comments, driven by the factor, I think we're in a pretty strong position in the marketplace. We’ve been executing in a very stable and effective way, I think for a long period of time. We've got some real competitive advantages. The overall market is pretty stable, but there has been some pretty well publicized dislocations, and at least a couple of very large carriers had been very open about taking profit, improvement actions, and so that's created some specific opportunities, but I think, we think more broadly, has also created a little bit of a mood in the marketplace of flight to quality. So like I said, we've seen our submission activity up a decent amount and we've also, consistent with that, been driving a message to our organization, not strategically to do anything different with returns, but to be more active, and to be out there quoting more. So, just to be blunt about it, we're pushing our place pretty hard right now to be real active in the marketplace and get out of the quotes and not compromise on returns, but try to meet the opportunity of the submission activity, and that's been paying off in specifically our core middle market, commercial accounts business and the construction areas.
Brian MacLean: So I think, just a couple of quick comments and I will pass it to Michael. Certainly, we view that the non-cat weather as episodic, and so we think that should absolutely return to normal levels. On the new business dynamic, the good news is that we continue to write some significant levels of new business through that product. So we feel great that we are building real embedded value in that portfolio, but it is going to take longer. The stronger the production topline is, the longer it is going to take for that to really work through the loss ratio. The other point I'd make is, the Quantum 2.0 product also was designed to have a lower expense ratio and a little bit higher on loss side. So you have to look at the combined in total to get that product. So...
Brian MacLean: The other thing I’d emphasize, this is Brian, is that there's a lot of things in there that we have to react to, and there are other things in there that we are actively managing. And so, you shouldn't have the impression that we are just sitting by, and as Alan just said, pricing is at roughly zero this quarter, rate and loss trend is something north of that that we're just conceding that margins will recede. We are managing our mix, we're taking actions in underwriting selection, we're taking actions in claim execution, which are all impacting our loss trend. And then, we are reacting to weather volatility, et cetera, that might be moving through the business. So there is no denying that the sheer arithmetic of that narrow piece, the loss trend in the rate right now is a negative. We've said in the past that it's relatively modest, and it continues to be relatively modest, and then there are all the other impacts that are going through.
Brian MacLean: No. We didn't see anything different in the core underlying trends of what was going on in the Auto book. So we would be at exactly those numbers you just said, about 0.5 frequency, 2.5 severity. And as we’ve said in the Quantum Auto 2.0 specifically, still running consistent with our loss expectations.
Brian MacLean: So the message absolutely is not, this is as good as it's going to get. The core from a profitability perspective, let me start with the top line perspective, because what’s the story on Quantum 2.0. We have been pleasantly surprised with the traction the product has gotten in the business in the marketplace. We clearly went in with an expectation that this would enhance growth and we've done better than our original expectations there and you can see the numbers. So we feel good about that. And we are not sure where that's going to go exactly in the future, but we think that we're going to be able to sustain some pretty decent amount of growth going forward. From the profitability perspective, just as it is true of all business that we've ever written in this product, it matures over the years, and so there's a tenure impact. And as Michael just said, the younger tenured business is typically not as profitable as we write the business where we’re targeting a tenured, longer-term return and we're on track to do that. So as this portfolio matures, and as Quantum 2.0, as we get more and more of the aging of the book, we believe the trend should absolutely be improving profitability on this business.
Jay Benet: Thanks, Kai. This is Jay Benet. Let’s try to take them in order. So, as far as the workers comp, you're absolutely right, when you have a very long tail line of business, you look very, very carefully at things that happened in the short-term and don't necessarily react to them. In the case of workers’ comp, what you're seeing here is favorable development in 2015 that related to a relatively short component of it relating to medical where medical bills come in quickly, they get resolved quickly, and the assumption that we had put in there for medical inflation was just too high. So while the line itself is a long tail line, there are components of it that are more short tail, and that's primarily why we reacted to there. As far as the environmental piece is concerned, I think, if you look at us, as well as the industry, you'll see a similar pattern, if you will, of people trying to, at various points in time, estimate what the ultimate is going to be for environmental losses, and recognizing that you're dealing with something that is a very difficult kind of reserve to truly evaluate. So, in doing so, you have to make various assumptions as to what the future is going to look like in terms of new claims, new policyholders, what the average frequency and severity might be associated with things that have been reported or not reported. And it's those assumptions that you're constantly updating as time goes on. So what we disclosed, I’ll point you to the 10-Q, what we disclosed this year is actually very similar to what we've disclosed in prior periods and what you've seen other companies disclose that there really hasn't been a change in the environment per se, things have gotten a little better, but the rate of them getting better has just been less than - previously assumed or hoped for, and that's a chunk of the reserve addition. In addition to that, we’re always subject to judicial rulings or other things to take place episodically in various jurisdictions. There was one that came out of the Northwest, increased modestly, some of our claim cost there that we also recognized. And then finally, on the Bond & Specialty, this was a quarter for a fairly large prior reserve development benefit. I wouldn't say there was anything unusual about it. This is, as you know, it's a high severity low frequency business. It's one where information emerges slowly. As it emerges, you're always evaluating whether or not it's blossomed to a level where you really feel action is appropriate. So, there are things that have been taking place whether it's in items related to the financial crisis or whatever that we’ve been watching, but things got to a point this quarter where we recognized that it was appropriate to take some reserve action. It wasn't any one product line, it wasn't any one particular claim or things like that, it was pretty much spread across the whole Management Liability and Surety book of business.
Jay Benet: Yes. Jay, this is Jay. I think you’re looking back at a period of time where, as we’ve said in the past, over time, share buybacks are going to be enabled by earnings and all these pension contributions and whatever, it's the earnings of the place over time that will drive what the total share buybacks and dividends are and what you saw and I think you even ask the question in the past can we continue to buyback at levels that are higher than our earnings, well, this is the flipside of it. This is just an indication of the timing element of when we look and see what the future quarter projections are. They obviously come out to be whatever they will be and we’re just taking the numbers in the particular quarter that we’re doing the share buybacks over a longer term view to say in this particular quarter, 550 sounds like the right number. So I wouldn't read anything into it in terms of a change in philosophy or a change in execution, it's just going to be the, what we’d refer to as the normal quarterly variation and the policy and a discipline that's been set for a long period of time.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet. Somebody asked the question about what was the impact on the combined ratio of non-cat weather. And one thing, I will give you the number but I also have to give a little bit of a preface to it. Now, we are parsing things very thin here and talking strictly about that. So if you have the question what's the impact of non-cat weather on a combined ratio on a consolidated basis, we would say 150 basis points. But I’d also point out that if you ask the question about well what about other losses that goes in a different direction and what about mix and that goes in a different direction. So we will answer your question but there is lots and lots of things that are taking place here that makes the one number not necessarily indicative of the trends or of what's going to or what the expectation is. So I would just urge you to go back to the Q and the outlook to see what all of this to us actually translates into.
Jay Benet: Primarily our cat program is one that products capital not one that really deals with income protection, if you look at where limits are and things of that sort and where the attachment points are, it's pretty high up there. So in any given period, we’re looking at the entirety of it, where our property exposures are and just given the way the book has evolved over the last few years, we just felt that this wasn't really adding much on a risk versus cost basis so we decided not to renew it.
Michael Klein: Yeah, Michael, this is Michael Klein. I think what you're seeing is a combination of factors in the Home product and weather is one of them. In the case of this quarter, I think what you see is, to Brian’s point on the net impact, it's a couple of moving parts underneath. You’ve got the weather impact, but we also have sort of underlying experience on fire, non-weather water losses. That again, also fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. So when Brian talked about weather and other normal quarterly fluctuations, that's really what he’s talking about and this quarter was an example of that where we had some other non-cat weather, again, non-weather water, fire experience that came in better than expected. And importantly, for the year-over-year comparison, this quarter, there actually was a significant individual risk fire loss in the second quarter of last year that helps the quarter-over-quarter comparison just to give you a little bit of color on that.
Michael Klein: Brian, if I can just clarify something. One of the things we actually added to the Q this quarter was in the outlook section, we have previously spoken to underlying underwriting margins. So we thought it was important to add combined ratio, because people often use those terms interchangeably. And as you know, the combined ratio is a function of the premium volume, whereas, the margins are just dollars. And just to clarify what we're saying here in the Q is, for Auto, which I think is what we're talking about, the early part of '17, the company expects underlying underwriting margins, the dollars to be slightly higher because of what's taking place with writing higher volumes of business, that's profitable. But writing a higher percentage of new business relative to the base is also causing a slight uptick in the underlying combined ratio. So, you have this feature here where the dollars are going up, at the same time that the combined ratio is going up. So I just wanted to clarify that.
Michael Klein: This is Michael Klein. We’re looking at what is underneath just to reiterate, right, Quantum Auto 2.0 is priced at the same return level as the book of business has been priced to. So it really is the dynamic of preponderance of newer I think of it as younger business, right, the portfolio is getting younger because of the outsized growth that we've seen over the last couple of years. But the long-term return targets for the product will remain consistent with where they have been.
Michael Klein: So, Charles, I don't know that I’ll get into the specifics of the policy life expectancy, et cetera, but to give you a little bit more color, this is Michael, on aging of the Auto book, you have to really think about both components of what's going on here, right. So first, you need to think about a vintage and think about a book of business we're writing to given policy year, and that new business that we write in that term that comes on at a higher loss ratio early, and then as we renew, it improves. If you look at the production statistics that we've been disclosing and the high levels of new business, what's happening inside the portfolio then, which is the second piece, is on average the portfolio is getting younger, right. And if younger business carries a higher loss ratio, that's what we described as the increase in the combined. So when you look at the outlook for the first half of - or I'm sorry, the second of '16, we see the combined ratio will be higher due to the impact of the higher new business levels we’ve been writing, that is the underlying dynamic that's flowing through the book, that does continue into the first half of '17, it just gets offset by an expectation of return to normalized non-cat weather levels. And so the underlying dynamic of the book getting younger meaning, less tenured, right, we’ve had the accounts not as long, continues into ‘17, recognize also though that as we write more Quantum Auto 2.0 business, there is a benefit to the combined ratio from an offsetting improvement in the expense ratio, because it carries commissions. So that underlying ageing of the book or reducing average tenure of the book does continue into ‘17, it just gets offset by again an expectation of a return to more normalized weather. That’s why the outlook reads the way it does.
Michael Klein: Yes, Paul. This is Michael Klein. I would say broadly speaking, the answer to that question is no, I mean, competitive dynamics are very local in the business as well. And so while there have been changes in management at some national competitors and frankly, some local regionals as well, the broad competitive dynamics in the business remain consistent, when we look at the rate filing monitoring that we do in the business to assess the rates that carry and take in particular states in auto or home. We don't see a lot of shift in behavior there. So I would say the competitive dynamics are broadly consistent.
Michael Klein: I think if you look at the latest A.M. Best data, you continue to see some incremental shift in share by channel. Interestingly, I think consistent with the last couple of years, the majority of the games you are seeing in the sort of online direct channel are actually coming from captive and less and less from independent agency, but broadly I think those trends continue.
