Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Abbe. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As we look back on 2018, we are pleased that we improved returns, grew our business, and delivered strong underlying underwriting profitability and investment results, while returning significant excess capital to shareholders and taking great care of our customers. Our results benefited from ongoing strategic initiatives geared toward creating top line opportunities and improving productivity and efficiency. Of course our results were also impacted by a high level of catastrophe losses. Fourth quarter net income of $621 million or $2.32 per diluted share generated a return on equity of 10.9%. Core income was $571 million or $2.13 per diluted share and core return on equity was 10%. Net and core income were both impacted by almost $500 million of after-tax CAT losses. Our full-year core income increased by 19% to $2.4 billion, generating core return on equity of 10.7%. The fact that we were able to generate this level of profit and profitability with $1.4 billion in after-tax CAT losses speaks to the earnings power of our franchise. Our consolidated underlying combined ratio for the fourth quarter improved to 91.1%, the lowest level since the first quarter of 2016, even after the impact on the quarter of a full-year worth of higher loss estimates in the commercial auto line, driven by bodily injury severity. Commercial auto has been a challenge for the industry and for us for some time and our most recent data reflects further deterioration. Greg will address more detail of what we've seen and how we’re responding. For the full-year, a record earned premium of more than $27 billion and productivity and efficiency initiatives contributed to an after-tax underlying underwriting gain of $1.5 billion, the highest in more than a decade. Our successful and consistent investment strategy also contributed to our results. After-tax net investment income was up 15% for the quarter and 12% for the year. The underwriting gain in investment income also reflects the benefit of tax reform. These results together with our strong balance sheet enable us to grow adjusted book value per share by 5% during the year after returning more than $2.1 billion of excess capital to shareholders, consistent with our long-standing capital management strategy. Turning to production, we remain very pleased with our performance in the market with each of our business segments contributing to a 4% increase in net written premium for the quarter. For the year we grew net written premiums by 6% to a record $27.7 billion. Net written premiums and business insurance in the quarter increased by nearly $100 million or 3% driven by historically high retention and positive renewal premium change. In our middle market business, retention reached a record fourth quarter high of 88%. We completed the rollout of our business centers in our commercial accounts business during the year. All eligible renewals in new business are now flowing to these centers, freeing up our local underwriters to spend more time with our agent and broker partners. For the year, commercial accounts delivered its highest level of new business in more than a decade. Renewal premium change in business insurance, including pure rate and exposure, was nearly 5% in the quarter, up over half a point compared to the same period last year and steady throughout 2018. We achieved positive renewal premium change in all lines. In our Bond & Specialty business, net written premiums increased by 8% for the quarter with continued strong production in both our management liability and surety businesses. In Domestic Management Liability, we achieved record retention and new business for the full-year. In Personal Insurance, net written premium growth in the quarter was strong at 5% with both our agency auto and homeowners businesses contributing. Two years ago, in 2016, we had a $4 billion book of agency auto business was in profitability challenges. Today, it's a $5 billion business that meets our return expectations. Thanks to impressive execution by the team and an improved environment, we got there ahead of schedule. We will hear more shortly from Greg, Tom, and Michael about our segment results. To wrap it up, despite another year of elevated catastrophe losses, we achieved an 11% return on equity. That speaks to excellent underwriting execution and management of risk and reward across a diverse portfolio of businesses, our successful investment strategy, and our active approach to capital management. It also speaks to the dedication and commitment of our 30,000 employees. With the talented team, competitive advantages that set us apart and an ambitious innovation agenda, along with a very high respect for our shareholders capital, we remain very well positioned to continue to deliver leading results and meaningful shareholder value over time. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Dan.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, good morning. It's Alan. So let me start and Greg you can jump in. So, we try not to get too quantitative on these outlooks. We try to keep it qualitative. There's a lot of estimates, a lot of judgments and a lot of things from period-to-period that are going to cause volatility. So we try to give you a order of magnitude and direction. Having said that, Greg did point out the -- essentially one point of property large losses that we would expect to return to more normal level. We do expect to address Commercial Auto over time, but a significant improvement in that is not otherwise reflected in the outlook for margins. And the overall impact of the new CAT Treaty on the BI underlying is relatively small. So I think in broad strokes that gives you sort of the way to think about the underlying outlook.
Alan Schnitzer: You know between the CAT activity, Elyse, and one reinsurance renewals, we will all see together over time how that pricing plays out. We are not going to get anymore granular on the outlook than what we have in the outlook section that will be in the 10-K and that Greg shared. Overall, I would say that about 5 points of rate changes -- of price changes is pretty good change, if you look back at just the history of price change in BI a plus 5 would be in that historical context pretty good. And we've seen relatively stable allocation of that between exposure and rate. And so we feel pretty good about that overall.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, workers' comp it's been under some pricing pressure, but completely rational of given where the profitability of the line has been. We are not going to breakout pricing outlook by line. We give it you for the segment, but the profitability continues to be good. And generally speaking, we would expect continued pressure in the comp line. We’ve got no change in commentary on workers' comp loss trend from what we shared with you last quarter, which is to say that we -- frequency and severity are -- those are selections, those are picks for us that go into loss ratios. And then data comes in over time and you look at reported activity over time and we compare that to what your selections are and decide if there's anything you're seeing that requires you to move off that. And as we shared last quarter and we would reiterate again, we're not seeing anything in the data that causes us to move off our loss picks.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Kai. So we looked at modeling what things would look like going back a number of years and in particular over the last two years, probably not surprisingly given the elevated level of CATs, we'd have seen a full recovery under the treaty in each of the last two years.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, I wouldn’t say that it's an exact offset. I think if you go back to my comments, it's definitely about a half a point on the underlying combined ratio with the mitigating factor on the overall normal CAT expectation to get us back to pretty de minimis impact on the combined ratio all in, if we had a normal year of CATs which as you know in the last seven years we haven't.
Alan Schnitzer: The combined ratio would be worse because we would have exceeded a way premiums and had no recovery, correct.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Amit, on lift we think it's an exciting opportunity for us to participate in the changing economy. It's a service offering for them. We wouldn't expect from an economic perspective for it to meaningfully move the numbers in the near-term, but it's a great partner and we're excited to work with them and excited to bring our leading claim capabilities to benefit for them.
Alan Schnitzer: I don't -- we don’t have anything to announce at the moment. We are always thinking about whether there are opportunities for us to participate in an evolving economy and we will continue to do that as we think about innovation and what insurance means in the changing world.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Ryan, I’m not going to get into calculating those returns with you, but I -- but -- and clearly there's been some headwinds in pockets of BI, right. We talked about the commercial auto, we talked about large losses, we've -- Greg mentioned today some of the pressure outside the United States and the largest piece that come from Lloyd. So there are some aspects of that in which we would expect improvement over time, and we continue to get the 5 points of rate. So there are margin opportunities outside of the pure rate trend dynamic. Again, the BI large losses outside the U.S., commercial auto, that fixed income NII helps as those rates are where they are in the bond portfolio turns over. Again, you’ve heard us talk about expense leverage, that's been pretty good. And just in terms of earnings dollars the volume helps us well. So we're not feeling badly at all about where the returns are on underlying basis and where they’re trending. And if you take a step back and look at the whole company, Ryan, and -- you could do this math as well as we do, but if you take out prior year development and you put in wherever you think is normal for CATs, get a return that somewhere in the low double digits and given where the 10-year treasury is today. Again, that doesn't feel altogether bad to us, particularly with some opportunities we would see going forward and one of the benefits of having a company of this size is you got a diversified portfolio of businesses. So we always feel a sense of urgency around here. There's no question about that. We are at the heart of who we’re optimizers and everything is not perfect, we’re going to work with a sense of urgency to optimize it. But there's no sense at all here that that there are problems.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, I would echo that which is why I think we’re pretty careful to always characterized and as net favorable prior year reserve development are net unfavorable prior reserve development, because there are business lines in accident years that go both ways. And if you step back and look at the full-year, a little more than $0.5 billion of pre-tax net favorable prior year reserve development. Not that big in the scheme of the balance sheet, if you look at the right side of the balance sheet you’re seeing loss and loss of adjustment expense reserves of around $50 billion. So we are pretty good at estimating losses, but every quarter we are going to update and refine them.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance for the quarter, segment income was $32 million, an improvement of $82 million over the prior year quarter and our combined ratio of 102.6% improved 6.1 points. The Lower combined ratio was driven by improved auto results, lower catastrophes and higher net favorable prior year reserve development. For the full-year, segment income of $297 million and a combined ratio of 100.6% are also better than the prior year, driven by the same factors I referenced for the quarter. Net written premium growth for the fourth quarter and full-year was 5% and 7%, respectively. Our premium growth helped us achieve a 30 basis point improvement in our expense ratio for the full-year. Agency Automobile delivered another impressive quarter with a combined ratio of 95.3%, down 7.7 points from the prior year quarter, driven primarily by a lower underlying combined ratio. Underlying margins continue to improve due to earned pricing exceeding loss trend and frequency remaining better-than-expected. These factors also resulted in favorable full-year loss adjustments in the quarter that further contributed to a better loss ratio than we would have expected. The quarter also benefited from higher net favorable prior year reserve development, partially offset by higher catastrophes. Recall that the prior year quarter included a benefit from the re-estimation of catastrophes including hurricane Harvey. Our full-year combined ratio for Agency Automobile of 94.2% was 10 points better than the prior year and returns were well within target on both an overall and an underlying basis. In light of these improvements, we continue to moderate renewal premium changes in this line as we seek to balance growth and profitability. In Agency Homeowners and Other, the fourth quarter combined ratio of 109.8% improved by more than 5 points, despite three significant catastrophes; The Camp and Woolsey wildfires in California and hurricane Michael. On an underlying basis, the combined ratio was 72.5% or 2.3 points higher than the prior year quarter driven by continued elevation in non-weather-related losses, which we noted in the prior quarter. The full-year combined ratio of 105.6% reflects the second consecutive year of very high catastrophe losses, which again accounted for approximately 24 points of the combined ratio. The full-year 2018 underlying combined ratio was 81.6%, 4.5 points higher than 2017 driven by higher levels of non-catastrophe weather and non-weather loss activity. Consistent with comments we made earlier this year, given this recent catastrophe and the non-catastrophe loss experience, and our assumption that some of this elevated loss pressure will persist, we continue to implement granular pricing and underwriting actions to manage our exposure and improve results. Turning to quarterly production, our agency automobile retention remained at a solid 84%, while renewal premium change of 6.3% continue to moderate consistent with our objectives and new business was up 2% from the prior year quarter. In Agency Homeowners and Other, we remain pleased with our momentum. Renewal premium change was 3.9%, nearly a point higher than a year-ago. In addition, we delivered 6% growth in policies in force, and strong retention of 86% and a 17% increase in new business. Turning to our outlook for full-year 2019, we expect renewal premium changes for agency automobile to be positive, but lower compared to 2018, while renewal premium changes for Agency Homeowners and Other should be positive and higher compared to 2018. We expect the underlying combined ratio to be broadly consistent in Agency Automobile, Agency Homeowners and Other, and for the Personal Insurance segment compared to 2018. This underlying combined ratio outlook includes the impact of the catastrophe aggregate reinsurance treaty that Dan mentioned earlier. In the outlook section of our 10-K, we will provide some quarterly texture underneath our full-year underlying combined ratio expectations as quarter-to-quarter comparisons will likely vary throughout the year. All in for the segment, in light of the improved results in auto and the actions we're undertaking in Homeowners, we are pleased with our position and with the opportunity to profitably grow the business, while continuing to invest in new capabilities and explore innovative opportunities in an ever-changing marketplace. With that, I will turn the call back over Abbe.
Michael Klein: Yes, I mean, I will start with just sort of the view of the exposure and Jay may be give you a little bit of a view into a little more detail underneath what we’d mean when we talk about granular underwriting and pricing actions in response. So as we look at California wildfire, it's clearly two significant years in a row of losses I think, the discussion and the debate about the environment is pretty broad and pretty public. In terms of our response, we look at a handful of things. First, we look at our underwriting appetite and our view on terms and conditions in the marketplace and we have taken action. We had already taken action in 2017 to begin to restrict our new business underwriting appetite. We've implemented further action that will take effect later on this quarter in 2018 to further restrict that new business underwriting appetite and also to instill new business underwriting procedures for example further inspections around defensible space as an example that will again sort of tighten our new business underwriting appetite. We've also discussed with the Department of Insurance in California and begun to implement some nonrenewal action in the State of California to address some of the more significant wildfire exposures in the portfolio. And we’re also in discussions with the department about a filing to increase prices for homeowners in California. So that gives you a little bit of texture underneath our response to wildfires in particular in the homeowners book.
Michael Klein: Sure, Kai. It's Michael. I think it's -- so it's actually a little bit of both, right. If you think about auto, auto came in better than we expected and so the broadly consistent outlook just reflects the update of the actual results compared to the outlook. On the property side, it's a little bit of a change in the outlook. Again, we've been talking about catastrophes and non-catastrophe weather and non-weather loss experience and talking about the fact that we continue to put more weight on more recent periods as Dan mentioned. And so the broadly consistent outlook for property is partly a reflection of that as well as the impact of the accounting of the new CAT ag treaty, which as Dan just talked about is a drag on underlying and, in particular, impacts the property line. So those are kind of the pieces.
Michael Klein: Sure, Amit. So I think loss cost trend fairly consistent with what we've talked about, right? We see continued severity trend particularly in collision and physical damage, increased cost to repair vehicles, and again, many of those dynamics we see has been relatively consistent with what we would've talked about a quarter ago. There has been some commentary about a little bit less pressure on bodily injury lost cost trend in the environment. Again, I think when you put it all together and combine it with our view on frequency, I'd say it's consistent with Alan's comments earlier of we have a pick, we observe results and we sort of see most of that as variation around the loss cost trend we've estimated and so don't see a significant change in our loss trend outlook there. In terms of outlook for price change going forward, again, our RPC outlook for auto is that RPC will remain positive, but be lower in 2019 than it was in 2018.
Dan Frey: Yes, Jay, it's Dan. I will take that. So really no change in our underlying philosophy. It's a consistent approach to capital management and to look at any one quarters worth of buybacks is probably a difficult way to look at it we think about it more over time as you would -- as you suggested and it would be true in the fourth quarter given the magnitude and the uncertainty related to the California wildfires, we did pull back a little bit on this level of share repurchase. But if you look at 2018 as a whole, we generated $2.4 billion of core income, we returned a little bit more than $2.1 billion through dividend and share buybacks and remember we made an additional $200 million contribution of the pension plan at the end of the third quarter. So really no change there. We are going to look at what level of capital we think we need to support the business, our projected levels of earnings going forward and the cash needs that we have for things like the pension plan and react accordingly. So what we buyback in shares is going to be an outcome of those things not really an objective of in and itself.
Dan Frey: Yes, and for the enterprise I'd say similarly if you look at the full-year expense ratio, that's a pretty good indication of where we’re probably heading going forward. It has improved quite a bit over the last couple of years. I think we’ve reached a level that we're more happy with. As Alan said, we will continue to focus on productivity and efficiency, but I wouldn't expect to see a continued level of dramatic decrease in the expense ratio from the levels we’re at now.
Dan Frey: Brian, it's Dan. So I will say we don’t give earnings guidance and so we won't give guidance on the specific pieces of the components that go into earnings. You could see historically we will disclose from time to time in the proxy what our expected level of catastrophes had been on sort of a backwards looking basis. We should take that number and probably think about it trending up over time for two reasons. One is we’ve seen growth in the premium volume in the overall exposure level in the business, and two, as we mentioned in my comments, a little bit more weight on recent periods that gives us a bit of an uptick in terms of our view of each dollar of those premiums that would need to go into CAT. But I'm going to avoid given a specific number.
Dan Frey: Yes. So, Ryan, we certainly watch that carefully. And just walk you through the lines and our thinking on it. So you’ve got GL large for a second, excess umbrella and I would put Management Liability in this group too. We already have very, very high levels of representation in those claims. So that's again already a high percentage RD pre-active there. On the smaller side, the GL small we are, we are seeing a little bit more of the attorney rep, but it doesn't seem to be quite as active as it is in the auto when -- we just speculate that's probably not as attractive of business opportunity for the plaintiffs bar, you've got a much more very portfolio of claims there, harder to make the case and many cases. So just -- it's just not as well hanging fruit at least for now. When you get into the really small when -- the liability component of CMP, again we have seen the pressure. This theme in other words does cross liability lines, but to a lesser degree than we see in auto.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Hey, Brian. This is Greg. Yes, in the Select business you can see the 11% new business growth year-over-year. We feel terrific about that growth. We've been spending quite a bit of investment in the technology in the workflow and the product management across all of the Select business. You can see that the quality of the book looks really good, really strong retentions in the 82, 83 range. So we haven't seen any meaningful deterioration in the underlying based on that new business.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Not as much just because you have the comp, you have the property, the GL and auto and [technical difficulty].
Gregory Toczydlowski: Ryan, one thing I would add. This is Greg, is when you do that math, keep in mind that we do have different combined ratio target, depending on what the net investment income is generated based on those product line. So think workers comp where we have the largest rate or we could run a higher combined ratio relative to a shorter tail line like property. So I would just ask you to keep that in mind also when you do that math.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Hey, Yaron, this is Greg. Number one, you’re correct that we do our best job possible of trying to normalize our large losses, and that’s how we price and managed the business and we were over expectations in 2017 and as I disclosed in my prepared comments we are also over our normal expectations for 2018. That was roughly the one point.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Let me just start and I will queue it. The question almost implied that there is a trend in prior year development. There is no trend in prior development. Our obligation at the end of every quarters to come up with management's best estimate and we do that, and then every quarter we go through the process of reevaluating our returns and making adjustments where we feel like we need to. So in any for any given period, the level of prior year development is just a net of those adjustments to best estimates.
