Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to share that Personal Insurance generated $520 million of fourth quarter segment income, strong results and a significant improvement compared to the prior year quarter, due to higher underlying underwriting income and lower catastrophe losses. The underlying combined ratio of 85.9% improved over 10 points compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting improvements in both automobile and homeowners and other. Net written premiums grew 13%, driven by continued elevated levels of renewal premium change in both auto and home bringing full year net written premiums to a record of nearly $16 billion. In automobile, the fourth quarter combined ratio was 103.6%, the underlying combined ratio of 102.7% improved nearly 8 points compared to the prior year quarter. This improvement was driven by the benefit of higher earned pricing. To a lesser extent, it also benefited from the year-over-year impact of a modest favorable re-estimation of prior quarters in the current year compared to a modest unfavorable re-estimation in the prior year quarter. In Homeowners and Other, the fourth quarter combined ratio of 70.8% improved by over 28 points, reflecting catastrophe losses that were favorable to both the prior year quarter and our expectations and an improved underlying combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio improved 12.5 points, primarily due to non-catastrophe weather-related losses that were favorable to both the prior year and our expectations and the impact of earned pricing. Turning to production. Our results demonstrate our continued disciplined execution of rate and non-rate actions to improve profitability and manage growth. In domestic automobile retention remained consistent. Renewal premium change of 16.7% remains strong and as expected, moderated from the third quarter of 2023 and as the majority of our book reached rate adequacy on a written basis. We expect renewal premium change to remain in the mid-teens through the first half of 2024 as we continue to assess the environment and seek rate on a state-by-state basis as appropriate. We're pleased to note that auto new business increased relative to the prior year quarter, as we tempered our non-rate actions in states where we've achieved written rate adequacy. We will continue to evaluate our non-rate measures as more states reach adequacy throughout 2024. In Homeowners and Other, retention remained consistent even as renewal premium change reached a record level at 21.2%, primarily driven by higher renewal rate change. As we noted last quarter, we expect homeowners' renewal premium change to moderate to low double-digits in 2024. We will continue to see great increases in response to elevated loss levels. But at the same time, our automatic increase in limit factors will return to more normal levels, reflecting the progress we've made on aligning insured values with replacement costs. Our continued efforts to manage new business flow and thoughtfully deploy capacity in the face of market dislocation drove the year-over-year decline in homeowners new business and policies enforced during the quarter. We anticipate this trend will continue as we take further actions to improve profitability and manage growth in property. In 2023, we made notable progress on improving the underlying fundamentals of our business and are moving towards our goal of delivering target returns. While the environment remains dynamic, we're confident we're on a path to generating leading returns in Personal Insurance and growing profitably over time. Now I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Elyse, I don't think we'll get more specific than the majority, but you can think of the non-rate restrictions as tracking very closely with where we see written adequacy state-by-state. So the majority of the premium is in states where we have relaxed some of those or tempered some of those non-rate actions because the majority of premium is in states where we’ve got target returns on a written basis. And again, as I indicated in the – in my prepared remarks, we’ll continue to follow that path as more states get adequate will temper actions in those states as they reach adequacy.
Michael Klein: Sure, Brian. It's a great question. I would say that we continue to see loss trends moderate in personal auto but they remain at elevated levels. And so I guess I would describe our outlook as cautiously optimistic, and I would just say we're staying very disciplined, as I described earlier, with state-by-state execution, making sure we have our arms around written rate adequacy and then adjusting our marketplace actions in auto accordingly. And as I said, we're very pleased with the increase in new business production that we saw this quarter and policies in force stabilizing. And our plan is to continue down that path, achieve rate equity in additional states and for those non-rate actions as we go and see what that does to the top line as we move forward.
Michael Klein: Yeah. Sure, Alex. It's Michael. Maybe just give a couple more comments relative to the comment I made earlier about moderating trends. You're right to point to sort of vehicle severity and used car prices, and we certainly see moderation there in the level of increase year-on-year. And in fact, when you look at the dynamics underneath the prior period adjustments that I described in the script, those really are driven by the physical damage coverages. Late last year, we were adding to our estimates for vehicle losses because physical damage coverages were rising more than we thought they were going to. And this year, we actually took down some of our estimates for vehicle severity on prior periods because they've been a bit more favorable than we anticipated. Broadly speaking, severity in auto is running mid to high0single digits, think closer to mid in the vehicle severity, think closer to high and bodily injury. And so that’s sort of where trends are running today. We don’t have a dramatic improvement in those trends sort of factored into our comments about when we’re going to get to written adequacy state by state or those types of things, but that’s a little bit more detail on sort of where things are running today. The other thing that we’ve mentioned a couple of quarters throughout the year is we are also monitoring the mix of losses between vehicle loss and losses that have third-party property damage and bodily injury. We’ve seen a bit of a mix shift towards more bodily injury claims, which is one of the things that has us keeping our severity trend estimates at that sort of elevated level.
Michael Klein: Yeah. So in property, again, the big driver of the improvement this quarter really was catastrophes and non-CAT weather. The non-CAT weather and I guess the non-weather loss dynamic that I would elaborate on is a lot of that non-CAT weather favorability and some of the non-weather loss favorability that we've commented on throughout 2023, really has been frequency driven. We do still see pretty healthy severity trends in the property space, offsetting some of that favorable frequency. Now again, we've had favorable results in the quarter. So the net is a good guy. But labor and some large loss pressure along with that favorable frequency is what's happening kind of underneath the loss levels in property.
Dan Frey: Hey, David. It's Dan. So we're not going to put numbers on them. But price versus trend has been favorable throughout the last couple of years and was favorable again -- favorable again this quarter. A little bit of a mix shift towards property, as Greg said, and modestly favorable non-CAT weather impact, not huge but worth to mention, but we're not going to put numbers on each of those.
Dan Frey: Sure, David. It's Dan, again. So not big, big movements this quarter, more of the same, more of what we’ve sort of been talking about the last couple of quarters, which is no surprises in terms of the themes of the things that we’re seeing come through those numbers, but the magnitude has been a little greater than we had allowed for previously, and we’re just looking at the data that comes in every quarter and try to make sure we stay as current with it as we can. And so a modest reaction to keep up with that, but nothing really new.
Dan Frey: Hey, Greg. It's Dan. I'll start. So look, 11.5% for ROE for a full year, pretty good number, another year, double-digits, well above our cost of capital. and the risk-free rate, not quite where we'd like it to be. And I think the biggest contributor, and as you called out, Slide 7 is that yellow bar from the contribution from underwriting really impacted, as we talked about, especially in the second quarter and the third quarter by a very elevated level of catastrophe losses for the year, that's not what we expect to be the new normal run rate. We're certainly factoring more recent CAT experience into our view of CAT expectations going forward, but we wouldn't expect it to be elevated at that level.
Dan Frey: Sure, Elyse. It's Dan. So really not going to put a very fine number on it. Keep in mind now that Fidelis is now a standalone public company. They haven't reported results yet. I don't think it would be appropriate for us to give an outlook of what we felt about their profitability. But it was a modest help in 2023, it will be a modest help again in 2024, there'll be a little bigger base of earned premium as we'll have two years' worth of written impacting 2024. So worth calling out as a modest benefit, but not a big number, and I really don't think it would be appropriate for us to try to put a finer number on it than that.
Dan Frey: No, Ryan. It's Dan. Like, if we have an unusual item in the quarter that's sort of non-run rate, we'll usually try and call it out for you, including some kind of year-to-date catch-up, Michael referred to it in PI auto, but you didn't hear Greg talk about anything significant in BI because there wasn't really anything significant in BI. So we do – what we always do, right, go through all the lines there’s puts and takes across every line, looking at frequency and severity. But on the whole, no big change in our view of blended trend.
Dan Frey: Hey, Mike. It's Dan. So we're thinking about the returns, and that is our all-in view of return, but we are specifically looking at those lines when we make that comment, although, we do, to your point, also pay a lot of attention to returns on an account basis. But those comments were specific to the liability and umbrella lines. And this really goes back to the comment that Alan made a couple of quarters ago, which is -- the amounts that were, I'll say, tweaking prior year reserve development by is really pretty modest in the scope and the scheme of those reserves. And when we look at the total volume of business that we're writing and the returns on an over time basis, we still both like both of those lines very much.
Dan Frey: Hey, Meyer. It's Dan. So sure, a couple of comments on that. We do see some paid medical severity. That's now higher than what we saw in the very benign pandemic levels. On the flip side of that, frequency has been pretty favorable. And as you know, we've shared a number of times previously, our view in reserving and in pricing still assumes that there's going to be a return to that higher longer-term trend. But when we factor all that in, in the most recent data that we're looking at, loss costs still coming in better than we expected, and that's why you get another quarter of favorable PYD.
Dan Frey: Hey, Andrew. It's Dan. So I'll start and disappoint you on the work comp severity. So we're not going to put a number on it. But again, it's been benign. We've seen some of those numbers move up, but your starting point matters. So what you assumed medical severity was going to be inside of your overall loss pick. Pick really matters in terms of whether a move-up is problematic for you or not. And again, we saw more favorable reserve development this quarter. And then in terms of pricing, and I'll turn it to Greg. I think the returns in comp have continued to be good. So pure rate has continued to be slightly negative for us. We are getting strong exposure increases, Greg referenced in the select comments a few minutes ago, that's the poster child for where a lot of that exposure behaves like rate because it's the same worker just earning a higher wage and we're getting paid a higher price for it. The rating agencies, the bureaus are looking at their data on a lagging basis and until returns come under some pressure in work comp, we wouldn't be surprised to see this environment stay pretty steady.
Alan Schnitzer: Greg, it's Alan. The other thing I would add to that is, I won't tell you would do, but one of the things I do every quarter is, is try to take a stab at normalizing these things. And so eliminate prior year development and put in for CATs, whatever you think is a normalized CAT number and then you get a different perspective.
Alan Schnitzer: But make no mistake, Ryan, the overall rate change and renewal price change in the property line continues to be very strong.
Alan Schnitzer: Another way to think about it, Mike, might be that you think about it in terms of rate adequacy and you might have an attractive rate adequacy, you might make an adjustment to it. It might be to one degree or another, slightly less rate adequate, nonetheless, you like the rate adequacy. So that's -- it's in that context, we say we continue to like to returns in those lines.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. I wouldn't say it's just growth. It's a combination of profitable growth is what I would say about that. And as I've said, that I mean that's what gives us the flexibility to invest in all the important things we invest in, return capital to shareholders and grow the investment portfolio. So without strong free cash flow, we couldn't do those three things, and those are key to our operating model.
Alan Schnitzer: It's a really good question. And as you can imagine, I'm going to resist the temptation to try to share too much on an outlook of that number or what we might want to do strategically. Everything you mentioned is something we can think about. And I really would like to get away from talking about the future of margins. But we've answered that question before with loss trend where it is and pricing where it is. So you can conclude that answer hasn't really changed. So I think I'm just going to leave it with we really like these margins. We really like the business we're putting on the books at the margin we're putting it on the books and we really like the opportunity ahead of us.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. And on that note, as I've shared before, we -- it's a [indiscernible] in this industry to try to grow and compete on price. That's a losing proposition. We try to grow by making sure we've got the products, services and experiences that our customers want to buy and our distribution partners want to sell.
Alan Schnitzer: I think broadly, the claim trends are similar. I mean we see similar threads. It's obviously -- I mean that the exposures are different. The size of the vehicles are different. Mike, what else would you add.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Good morning, Ryan. It's Greg. Yeah. You can see, if you look at underneath the pricing, you can see rate is up in both the middle market and Select business. So the residual that makes up the total BI, you're correct, the preponderance of that is national property. And so a couple of dynamics this quarter in National Property One is when that plays out to the total book, we did have less weight on a net written premium national property this quarter, quarter four versus quarter three and quarter two. And we did have a tick down overall in rates national property also just given where the returns are in that business, and the business is performing extremely well.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Brian, this is Greg. Just one follow-up. I would note you said you could grow the business. We are growing the business 16% on a full year basis and have strong new business. So there's a number of items that we watch and we compete in the marketplace, but growth is one of them through the lens of adequacy of our products.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Hey, Meyer. This is Greg. We have a couple of dynamics going on between those two businesses. In Select, we have a higher exposure in workers' comp E&CMP (ph). And for workers' comp relative to middle market, I think that it's just a different cohort of customers. So in a wage increase environment on a smaller customer base, you get bigger deltas and so that's what's driving the difference in workers' comp. CMP, similar to what Michael said, that’s our business owner product with a heavy property coverage that comes with it in. So we do have to think of it as an automatic inflationary level underneath the CMP product, so you get a little more exposure to growth there also. So those are the drivers underneath the difference between select and middle.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yeah. I mean, one of the benefits, Paul, of having two large cohorts of auto business, commercial, auto, personal our product managers and actuaries spend a lot of time together and compare the trends. And for commercial, we'll have passenger -- private passenger light vehicles, think Vans of that sort. And then we'll have heavies, which aren't as relevant, but we spend a lot of time on the two cohorts that are private passenger like and the trends are very similar, both on a frequency and severity basis between the two portfolios.
