Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Sharon. Good morning, and welcome to Travelers' discussion of our fourth quarter and full year 2010 results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investor Section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. Other members of senior management are also in the room available for the question-and-answer period. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks, and then we will open it for questions.  Before I turn it over to Jay, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note on Page 1 of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available on our website.  Thank you. And I'd like to turn it over to Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. We're going to open up for questions but before we do that, if I can ask callers to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get to everybody. Thank you.  Sharon, we're ready to start Q&A session, please.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you very much for joining us today. Of course, as always, Andy Hersom and I are available in Investor Relations for any follow-up questions. Thank you and have a great day.
Jay Fishman: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're very pleased with the results that we're reporting today, not only for what they say about 2010, but also for how they continue to demonstrate the strength of the Travelers' franchise and how well-positioned we are for the future.  Our operating return on equity for the full year was 12.5% and our growth in book value per share for the year was 11%, both including or excluding net unrealized gains on our investment portfolio. Since the beginning of 2005, our average annual operating return on equity is 14.1% and our compound annual growth in book value per share is 12.9% or 11.5%, excluding the impact of FAS 115.  Since we began our share repurchase program in the middle of 2006, we have repurchased nearly 289 million shares for $14.5 billion at an average price per share of $50.15. The shares repurchased now total approximately 42% of the shares that were outstanding at the time we began the program. We have accomplished all this notwithstanding an operating environment that, over these years, can only be described as complex. Positively, loss cost trends during this period have been relatively benign and have certainly contributed to the significant favorable prior year reserve development we've experienced. Negatively, the difficult economic conditions over the last three years have contributed to declining exposures, deteriorating pricing, challenging credit markets and historically low interest rates.  The industry has also faced three significant catastrophe years in the period that is 2005, 2008 and 2010. And two years, 2006 and 2007, that had low levels of cap losses. We believe that our consistent top tier performance over these six challenging years demonstrates a fundamental competitive advantage that we have in assessing risk and reward on both the liability and asset sides of the balance sheet.  Risk selection has been a key driver of our performance over this period and, with our investments in talent and infrastructure, will continue to drive our performance in the future. In terms of the current operating environment, Brian will take you through it in more detail. Given some of the trends we saw in the fourth quarter, we are somewhat more optimistic than we were a few months ago.  In Business Insurance, exposure changes, one element of demand for our product, was positive for the first time in nine consecutive quarters. With respect to pricing, as we've shared with you previously, renewal pricing in Business Insurance has been about flat for most of 2010, results that are obviously better than those that have been reported in the CIAB surveys. In the fourth quarter, renewal pricing in Business Insurance not only improved versus the third quarter but also within the quarter as the months progressed. While these comments are not intended to forecast future pricing, these results suggest that our pricing strategy is beginning to have some traction and we hope it continues.  Given our strong retentions as well as the new business and account growth we've achieved over the last few years, we have significant positive leverage to an improving environment. The final thing I'd like to leave you with, and again Brian will take you through the details, is our performance and position in Personal Insurance.  In our Agency Homeowners business, we grew policies in force by 3% and, despite the significant catastrophe activity during the year, we delivered a combined ratio of 95% for the full year. Let me spend just a moment on what that performance really indicates.  The 95% combined ratio that we posted reflects 15 points of catastrophe losses for the year, as well as the impact of some favorable reserve development in the line. But even excluding the impact of favorable prior year reserve development in the line, we would still be well under a 100 combined ratio. We believe that this performance meaningfully demonstrates the success of our Homeowners strategy.  In our Agency Auto business, we grew policies in force by 2% and delivered improved profitability, posting a combined ratio of 97%. Personal Insurance now represents 35% of our net written premiums. And we're pleased with what we have achieved and optimistic with what we believe we can continue to deliver.  To conclude, we're confident in our ability to select and manage risk regardless of the operating environment. We're hopeful that we'll see an improving operating environment in Business Insurance. We're pleased with the solid performance in Financial, Professional & International businesses, and we're optimistic for our prospects in Personal Insurance.  And with that, let me turn it over to Jay.
Jay Fishman: Thanks, Alan. Before we open it up for questions, I just want to take a minute to echo the comments that Alan made a moment ago.  We're very pleased and proud to be partnering with the Malucelli family in the Brazilian venture. We couldn't pick a better partner to have and we firmly believe that our business philosophies are remarkably compatible. I'd just like to personally send my best regards to them and let them know how excited we are about our future together.  Also, I just want to take a moment to thank all The Travelers' employees who participated in the due diligence. It was hard work and it was all very well done.  With that, let me turn it back to Gabby.
Jay Fishman: And as we were chatting about this before, Jay, in respect to your question relative to the index, I think that the three principal differences are: the mix of securities that we hold relative to the mix that are contained in the index; two, our duration is shorter than the duration of the index; and the third piece, and probably the least significant of the three but nonetheless meaningful, is that the credit quality of our portfolio is at a different level than the credit quality of the overall index. So those who have been using the index to make estimations of change in market values are going to get inaccurate results.
Jay Fishman: So again, just to make sure we say it in English. In the Personal Insurance business, we would anticipate expanding margin risk, and in the Business Insurance line, we expect modestly contracting margins.
Jay Fishman: And this is Jay Fishman. Let me cover briefly the issue of the potential change in bankruptcy. Those who don't know there's been some chatter and a New York Times article last week reporting on some consideration about amendments to the federal bankruptcy code that would allow states access to it. Right now, the states don't have such access. It's obviously an extremely complicated issue, both legally as well as politically. And as we parse through it a bit, there are, in addition, serious issues of constitutional law. And it's not at all clear, really, what people are actually discussing and, therefore, what the implications might be. It's been interesting to us over these last few days to listen to a few states actually reject the notion that, even if such an access were provided to them, that they would seek it. It reminds me a little bit like being -- taking a horse to water but not necessarily getting them to drink. So we'll watch carefully as to what happens. But let me just make a couple of points which I think really are relevant. First, there seems to be this bias amongst even sophisticated people to view municipal securities are all the same, as if somehow we own some pro rata share of an aggregate marketplace. And that's just not the case. Everyone understands that in the taxable fixed-income world, the issuer and the specific terms and conditions of the instrument matter. And that's equally as true in the municipal arena. And in fact, something that's not often understood is that a significant portion of our municipal portfolio is actually secured by a pledge of specific revenue streams. And by the way, in the context of municipalities that do have access to the bankruptcy code, the view is that those pledge of specific revenue streams would survive a bankruptcy filing and, in fact, those securities would continue to be paid in the ordinary course. Now, of course, that's an assumption that, that same condition would hold true at the state level if the states were allowed such access. So we'll watch this carefully, and it will always, as Bill spoke earlier, affect our view of risk and reward. And when we think that there is some change that we ought to be making in the portfolio, we'll make it. But let me close with a little bit of data that perhaps you'll find interesting, which is, to Bill's point earlier, this is not new news to us. It's an issue and a concern that we have been watching for a very long time. If one takes the 10 states, 10 states, that at least our analysis suggests are the most challenged, whether that's through pension or medical liability, medical payments, or debt obligations, we own an aggregate in all of those 10 states. And this is excluding pre-refunded bonds, we own an aggregate of $1 billion of state-issued general obligation bonds in those entire 10 states. That represents 3.1% of our municipal portfolio. And in terms of maturity, about 23% of that $1 billion matures in the next three years and about 46% matures in the next five years. So even if one looks at those states that have been spoken about in the press or those that people view as being challenged, our position with respect to those states is actually modest relative to the entire portfolio and it remains an area where we watch and look carefully.
Jay Fishman: And Greg as I explained in my comments, written renewal rate in Business Insurance for the year was about flat. That written rate is going to convert to earned as we turn into 2011. We still anticipate, as we always do, a loss trend that has some lift to it. And if you've got flat earned rate and some loss trend, you've got slightly compressing margins. Our hope is, as I said earlier, that what we saw in the fourth quarter continues. It's not a prediction. But if we saw in the fourth quarter and that line continues, one can anticipate getting to positive rate on a written basis sometime in 2011. And obviously, that will get earned in the following months as well. So it's predominantly what's happened over the last 12 months defining what will be recorded over the next 12 months.
Jay Fishman: Cliff, we have talked before with you all about having an interest in what I would characterize as a fairly limited number of developing markets. We talked about having an interest in developing a joint venture in India. We actually were in the preliminary stages at one point and had identified a partner there. Ultimately, concluded that the partner's business interests and their business philosophies were not compatible with our own and we broke that off. We still have a desire to enter into a business relationship in India. There's 1,300,000,000 people with an economy growing at 9%, 10%, more for the next generation of leadership of this company than the one that's here now. I think you just got to believe that, that will eventually turn into a very robust insurance market. And one that remains nascent, tiny, by any standard and very much up for grabs. So we want to be there. The Malucelli situation was really very opportunistic. And it really came about because of an outreach from the folks in Brazil. And I'll have Alan speak about this. The Malucelli group reaching out to our surety business, obviously, the leading by market share surety business in the United States, to talk about learning about doing business together, and out of that grew this opportunities.
Jay Fishman: It's not a global ambition. Our view is that our goal is to create shareholder value by producing mid-teens return on equity over time. And whether we do that with more in the emerging markets or a little less in emerging markets, we always keep in mind what our target is. We don't have any ambition to be a global company and we will look for our spots in the international arena very carefully, where capital can be deployed at a reasonable level of risk, but the returns are commensurate with. The projected returns are commensurate with the risk that one takes on. Again, tying it right back to where I started my comments this morning of thoughtful evaluation of risk and reward. It's not about size.
Jay Fishman: With respect to the first question, Matthew, I think the only way I can respond is to look back historically, which is that over the last several years, loss trend has been less than we had assumed it would be. And that's happened in large measure because frequency was less than we had assumed it would be, but also because inflation has been -- from a severity perspective has been quite benign. So that's been the trend over the last four, five years. I'm not an economist and I'm not going to attempt to make any predictions or forecasts. Relative to pricing, we've been pretty transparent about what our pricing strategy has been, which is that we've been attempting to get rate where we need it. And that's especially true in circumstances where an account's loss experience has been inconsistent with that which we anticipated or projected when we underwrote the account. There's nothing new about our pricing strategy. It was just interesting to us that, in the fourth quarter, it was more the market, and I hate to use that phrase because it always sounds like our pricing strategy is not active. It's a very active one. But we were able to effect that pricing strategy with greater success than we had previously. And so I think that's the answer I'm at. But one thing that is interesting is if the exposure projections are what they are, if you look at what's happened to exposure over the last 12 months, it's not too hard to project a line of increasing exposures into 2011. And that, given the account growth that we've had over the last several years, would be a nice factor. So that's the best way to service that, that I think.
Jay Fishman: Those questions are actually more specific than even -- not that I'm not willing to respond, but we're capable of responding to. This is a long-term program and it will take years for us to develop a direct-to-consumer business that meets our own profitability and return thresholds. We are still in the early stages of the learnings that we have to go through. Those learnings extend all the way from how to drive a customer somewhere, whether to a call center or at a website, and then how to get them through the process, convert to a quote and then convert to a sale. So these are just the -- they remain the early days and the loss that we're experiencing in that business is about what we expected it would be because that's how we're planning it. We're actually -- our mindset is to incur that loss, which is necessary to maximize the learnings from the experience. And so it's really driven more by what do we have to learn than we have to of what do we need to spend. The encouraging thing -- and there are some encouraging things. The encouraging thing that we've discovered about the direct-to-consumer business is that we're increasingly pleased with the customer that's responding to The Travelers solicitation, whether that's through direct mail or digital media or through a broad-based media. We weren't sure what kind of customer -- we understood generally, at least we thought we did, what kind of customer responded to the existing direct-to-consumer businesses, but we weren't sure what our brand name and our value proposition brought to the market and, therefore, who the customers were who would respond and who the customers were from a socioeconomic perspective that would ultimately respond to the proposal. We're encouraged by that. What we're seeing are young versions -- at least we think what we're seeing are young versions of our future independent agent customer. And that just fits hand in glove. So we're at the early stages of it and we will lose that which is necessary to keep the learnings moving in the right direction and maximize the long term business opportunity.
Jay Fishman: Specifically, the mark-to-market in the bond portfolio, whether municipal or taxable, is not a capital item. It doesn't -- the mark-to-market positive does not add to capital and a mark-to-market negative did not delete from it. So we're driven very much by earnings and cash flow and the ability to realize excess capital from the balance sheet. That's what drives this.
Jay Fishman: It could be captive, it would be career, it could be direct. But when we look at our new business flow and we ask who the prior carrier is, and that is an underwriting question that we ask, a significant percentage are moving from non-independent agency channels, direct captives, career such, into the independent agent channel.
Jay Fishman: No declarations here, Larry. Sorry. One quarter does not a trend make. It's interesting. It's encouraging. It's consistent with the strategy that we brought to the market. But our share of the business, while significant, is not sufficiently large to be a price leader. And so we do what we do and competitors react and they'll react independently and we'll see where we go. I don't know.
Jay Fishman: I'm looking at Brian because two really separate questions. We experienced a number of years where frequency was declining in many lines of business, and over a period of time here that has leveled out. So I certainly would not say to you that frequency is continuing to decline. It may, but it's not what we're seeing at the moment. What we are broadly seeing, and it's very much a function of individual line and product, is flattening of frequency. I don't know, other than in the little area that Bill Cunningham was speaking about in workers comp, if there's anything. And even that was small by -- just trying to be very thoughtful about the response.
Jay Fishman: It's important to remember, Jay, though, that these are estimates that our insureds are making about the next 12 months. So at policy renewal, they make estimates of payroll and sales and square footage and trucks on the road. And so the first thing that we're seeing here, interestingly, is a change in the sense of optimism about the insureds themselves. They see a projected change in exposure. Then, of course, we come back in at the end of the policy period, we do an audit, and we make a determination of what the actual exposures were, we bill accordingly. We have had negative audit premiums for the last several years, which really speaks to how rapidly and how deep the decline in the economy was, because it actually exceeded the expectations that the insureds have. So now, sort of first derivative, interesting to see that insureds are beginning to have a different view of what their business prospects are. And now, we'll see ultimately what their real numbers end up being as the months go on and we're able to go back and begin to do audits. And if we get back to historical patterns, most importantly, if we get back to historical patterns, we would expect to end up with positive audit premium billings because customers tend to understate their exposures. At least historically that's been a true pattern. Now we'll see how insightful our customers really are.
Alan Schnitzer: Thanks, Brian. As you may have seen in November, we announced that we had entered into a joint venture agreement under which we will invest approximately $370 million for 43% of the common stock of J. Malucelli, the market leader in the surety business in Brazil. And we have an option to increase our interest to 49.9% within 18 months.  Our investment in newly issued shares will significantly increase J. Malucelli's capital level, positioning the joint venture for substantial growth. We currently expect the transaction will close in the first half of this year. We've been carefully considering our emerging market strategy for some time and we're very pleased with this investment as a first step.  We view it as a significant opportunity for us to leverage our leading U.S. surety franchise to enter one of the fastest growing insurance markets in the world, and to do so with the benefit of a local market leader. In addition to the surety opportunity, we believe that the combination of our broad insurance expertise, with J. Malucelli's established distribution network and customer base, gives us an exceptional platform for expanding into the growing P&C market in Brazil.  We've known the leadership of J. Malucelli for a number of years and we have the highest regard for them. The opportunity to be in business with them is a key consideration for us. They've built a great franchise by knowing their customers and through disciplined, analytic-driven underwriting, much the same way we built our business. Importantly, we share a common ambition for profitable growth.  With that, I'll turn it back to Jay Fishman.
Alan Schnitzer: That's right. We've been thinking doing about the emerging market opportunities for some time and evaluating what might be best for our first step. And as we were spending time in Brazil, the Malucellis reached out to us. And just given the really high compatibility of operating philosophies and ambitions, both short term and long term, it just seemed like a great opportunity for us to make a first investment in the emerging markets. And we'll continue to look in other emerging markets and evaluate those opportunities over time as well.
Alan Schnitzer: And as Brian mentioned before, we like our existing footprint and we'll continue to look for opportunities to leverage our sense of U.S. product set in those geographies as well.
William Heyman: Jay, Bill Heyman. The first question, in terms of how we mark them, they're marked independently. We obviously don't pick our own prices. But to the second, if you look at the fourth quarter change in mark-to-market, about 80% track the mark-to-market of Treasuries. So what remained wasn't very large. And we attribute that to the high credit quality of the portfolio. As was always true in the high yield market, it has now become true in the municipal market, that the biggest single determinant of prices is the flow of cash in and out of municipal bond funds. And those flows exhibited a lot of volatility in the fourth quarter. What is interesting to me is when municipal bond funds sell holdings in bulk to raise cash, they circulate bid-wanted lists, which we see through the dealers. And we comb them for opportunities. We rarely find bonds that are on our list of bonds approved for purchase. And when we find one, we rarely find it at a price we're inclined to pay. So that means to me that we've set the bar pretty high, which in times like these is good. In terms of the news that has dominated the press in the last quarter, I'm really going back further than the last quarter, I guess I would say some of it's news, some of it isn't news. That state and local finances were stressed has been known to every serious institutional participant in the market and has informed our investment decisions for five or six years, not just recently. It may be news to the general public. And that has had good consequences. It has lead state and local officials to confront these problems in the last three or four months in a way that hasn't been evident before. So, perversely almost, we're encouraged by what we read.
William Heyman: Well, with respect to ratings, as you probably know, in the last year or so, at probably not the best moment, municipal ratings were pushed upward so that a given rating implied the same probability as default based on history as it does on the corporate side. So yes, we watch the ratings carefully for downgrades, but we attach less importance to them than outsiders might think. Yes, we like the aggregate credit rating of our portfolio, but it would be very easy to construct a portfolio with the exact same aggregate credit rating with which we were very uncomfortable. So we're not slaves to the ratings. When ratings change on either the municipal or the corporate side, the first take we do, certainly the first take I do, is does this mean that the probability of the instrument being money good is significantly lower? If not, we generally stick with it.
William Heyman: Well, in terms of where the portfolio is this month, it would be hard for me to make a guess. My guess is very little change because most of the appreciation or depreciation is correlated to Treasuries. So on the 24th of the month, I wouldn't hazard an estimate of the month-to-date progress.
William Heyman: It's based on more than interest rates. In terms of what percentage we get dealer quotes, I wouldn't say. The portfolio is 90-something percent in I guess what is called Level Two pricing, whatever that implies, which is sometimes dealer quotes. For what it's worth, we have a lot of confidence in the liquidity of this portfolio. We rarely see these bonds put up -- much of what we own put up for sale. And when we do, when it's an attractive price, we snap it up. We think, similarly, if we had to realize liquidity from it, even on a large scale, it would not be very difficult.
Jay Benet: As for the question on the share repurchases, just going back to last year, when we originally provided some guidance as to what we thought the share repurchases were going to be, it was based upon what we thought our earnings would look like as well as the starting capital and cash positions that we had at the beginning of that year. So to the extent we increased the amount of buybacks, it was a refinement of both of those parameters. We saw earnings that included favorable prior year development last year. We hadn't considered that, of course, in our earnings guidance. And to the extent we have favorable development that adds to our earnings, we adjust our buybacks accordingly. And we'll continue to do that going into the future. As it relates to the capital position at the beginning of this year and the cash position at the beginning of this year, being 2011 now, we factor in where our operating company capital is, what the holding company cash is, points you to the item that I mentioned earlier. We do have $3.6 billion at the holding company that allows us to look at share repurchases in excess of what we think our current year operating income is going to be. So all those things are factored into the estimate that we provided, Jay. And I hope that fully answers your question.
Jay Benet: Well, in some respects, you can see it, if you take a look at the statutory surplus levels that we describe in the supplement. So that won't give you a reconciliation, but at least give you a feel for what the subs are carrying. But your specific question of, in the fourth quarter, what did we do? We did take out dividends out of the operating companies. Given the size of the dividends, we did require regulatory approval, which we got with no issues whatsoever. We have good relationships with the states. We're very forthcoming in terms of what our levels are, what our plans are. And we took out about $2 billion in the fourth quarter, brought it up to the holding company and ended up, as I said, with operating company capital that, for all our operating companies, were at or above our target levels.
Jay Benet: As far as the buybacks, it really doesn't factor into our discussion about buybacks at all. We don't -- as I said before, we don't take great pleasure in seeing the unrealized gains in the portfolio at any particular level, and say, "Gee, this is great. Let's go buy back more of our shares." And when change, it doesn't really enter into it.
Brian MacLean: Keith, this is Brian MacLean. I mean it's really just the simple arithmetic of, on the loss trend side, we're expecting what we've been seeing, which is frequency running at near flat levels, which is good.
Brian MacLean: Right. Frequency change, right. Severity trends running somewhat consistent with inflation, and that is low single-digit loss ratio impacts. And across the Commercial business, very modest earned rates. So the net of that would be a slight margin compression. The Personal Insurance dynamic, a little different. Greg, why don't you just kind of run through the same things for Auto & Home.
Brian MacLean: Greg, this is Brian, again. So just to work backwards a little bit, butt to say it. Personal Lines, simplistically, we are clearly getting price and we believe margins are expanding a little bit. So the question I assume is on the Commercial, the Business Insurance side. And there, I think you can see the numbers that, first of all, the rate that we're getting on a written basis is pretty modest at this point. So think of less than a point. Actually, the renewal rate for the quarter on Page 12 is still a fractionally negative number. So we're looking at modest improvement. There's also an earn dynamic here, where if you look at what's going to earn through the income statement as the year plays out, it takes a few quarters. Even if that starts to ramp up, it's going to take a few quarters to have that have an impact on the P&L. So when we look at some modest rate and what, pick whatever number you want, but two, three, whatever loss ratio points of pressure from the loss side, it nets to a modest negative.
Brian MacLean: We tried to pick the right words but we think subtly, in the fourth quarter, we saw some lift in -- as we went through the months of the quarter, some lift in the Commercial pricing environment. And also, we talk a lot about -- we're a disciplined company, we talk about the numbers. We also do talk to our people, talk to brokers, talk to agents, talk to customers, and so we have a mood. And that mood seems to be marginally more positive or less negative, however you want to say it, in recent months and we're encouraged by that.
Brian MacLean: And Matt, this is Brian. On the comp side, I'd start by saying, our data would say we've been pretty good in this business. Our combined ratio for a good number of years has run up a fairly significant favorable delta to the industry. And we think that's due to a real disciplined selection process, and so that's by industry, that's by state. And secondly, we believe we've got a real claim advantage in how we manage those claims, both the lost time and the medical dimension to that. So we feel great about our Comp book. With that said, there are clearly pockets of heat coming through Comp line. And there are certain states and certain environments that have become more challenging and we're watching those closely. The favorable side there would be that it's probably the line that's got a little bit of pricing energy to it. And so we hope that, that will continue. I don't think -- I'll throw the book on you. I don't think we're seeing anything fundamentally different on the guaranteed cost versus the lost sense of the book.
Brian MacLean: But to your point, a couple years ago comp frequency was falling from that. And that clearly has mitigated. But for the last year, it's been very stable.
Brian MacLean: The biggest driver is business receipts and the second driver is payroll. So most of our liability products are rated off of business receipts. And as those have rebounded -- and actually the right words would be as those were falling less throughout 2010, the exposure change was less negative and it's back up to a slight, slight positive. And then payroll is a piece of it.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, for Automobile, we're certainly seeing a contained environment from frequency. A little offsetting pressures on severity, but you see our RP, our RPC [ph] is offsetting those loss trends. On the property side, just due to the volatility of that line, when we normalize some of the peaks of the weather, we're seeing frequency relatively flat, in the low single digits, and severity upward in the higher single digits, and you see our two consecutive quarters of RPC of 9%, so we feel good about both of the products inside the Personal line portfolio.
Greg Toczydlowski: And the only thing I'd add is that's obviously based on the loss trends that we're watching today that has so much to do with miles driven. And as those things change, we'll change our pricing philosophy also, but those are the assumptions we're working with right now.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, absolutely. This is Greg Toczydlowski. We do believe we're gaining market share, when you look at our unit growth and our topline growth. And when we look at the source of that business, we look at that at a very local level. So there's over 1,000 competitors in this marketplace, so we have regional players. But predominantly, when we look at the Agency business or even in the direct channel, the thrust of our new business is coming from non-independent agency-type carriers. And again, we watch that very locally and we'll continue to do that, but we feel good about our market share expansion in that product line.
