Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Sussie. Good morning, and welcome to Travelers' discussion of our third quarter results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com, under the Investor section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer. Other members of senior management are also in the room, available for the question-and-answer period. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation, and then we will open it for questions. Before I turn it over to Jay, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available in the Investors section on our website. And now, Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: Right. And the only thing I'd add to that is there are several jurisdictions that you see an increase of the attack on peripheral defendants, which really don't have a lot of liability. But those meso cases are fairly serious. And so we're assisting in short defend against them. And so that's what's really driving up the defense cost.
Gabriella Nawi: Very good. Thank you for joining us today. As always, both myself and Andrew Hersom are available for any follow-up questions. Thanks, and have a great day.
Jay S. Fishman: Thank you, Gabby. And good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. You, of course, all know that this was another quarter marked by significant weather. In that context, our business is strong enough to have produced $332 million in operating income and an operating return on equity of 5.9%. For the full year, we're at $781 million of operating income and an operating return on equity of 4.5%. While this year has certainly placed considerable demands on our claim department, we're very pleased that our claim teams were prepared and positioned to customers with first-rate speed. I also couldn't be more pleased with our catastrophe claim management strategy upon which we embarked in 2005. Our ability to respond to claimants with almost entirely internal staffs sets us apart from many other insurance companies and allows us to process claims more effectively and efficiently, as well as with a higher level of customer satisfaction.  Turning to our operations, our strategy is quite focused. We are seeking improved pricing, as well as improved terms and conditions on the insurance products we sell. We are doing so not only because interest rates may remain low for some time, but also given the possibility that the more active weather patterns, such as we have experienced over the last few years, may continue. And the progress we are making pursuing the strategy is already evident in our Business Insurance segment. In the quarter, we achieved pricing gains across all product lines, led by workers compensation and property. The overall pure renewal rate gain in the quarter for Business Insurance, excluding National Accounts, was just over 3% and just over 4% for the month of September, demonstrating our success in driving rate improvement. And while we are prepared to trade volume for improve margins and profitability, retention remains at strong levels and forms a basis for our optimism that we can continue to improve pricing in our Business Insurance segment. In that regard, we are particularly pleased with our results in our middle market businesses, and Brian will have more to say about that later. We also note that exposure in our Business Insurance segment remains positive and continues to improve. In addition, audit premiums have also turned meaningfully positive. The combination of higher exposure in auto premiums, as well as improved rate are important factors, which allowed us to generate a significant 7% growth in net written premiums in Business Insurance this quarter. While our strategy is the same in Personal Insurance, our renewal premium change for property has been in the 8% to 9% range for some time, and our renewal premium change for auto has been in the 3% to 4% range. And the regulatory environment is such that it will take some time before our more recent actions will show in our results. With respect to capital management, we repurchased $375 million of stock in the quarter, and our guidance with respect to targeted fourth quarter repurchases is considerably higher. Jay Benet will share that with you during his comments. Finally, we're also pleased that Standard & Poor's upgraded our financial strength ratings to AA, although we are not reliant on the commercial paper market to fund our operations, our short-term ratings are now A1/P1. In summary, the weather was again challenging, but we remain bullish on our ability to deliver rate improvements and superior returns over time. With that, let me turn it over to Jay.
Jay S. Fishman: Thank you, Brian. I just want to take 15 seconds to acknowledge an important anniversary, our much appreciated and much loved partner, Bill Heyman, is celebrating his 20th anniversary with the company. And consistent with Travelers' expense-minded culture, I'm handing him his inexpensive and cheap Lucite plaque. No watches here, but I can't think of a better place to acknowledge 20 years, Bill, than in front of the people for whom you've been working all this time and doing such a terrific job. Congratulations.
Jay S. Fishman: Which importantly, just to interrupt, if you remember the conversation last quarter, it was that we were moving back to the previously anticipated trend line just a little bit faster than we had expected. So that trend line remains intact, So there's no subsequent issue or problem or change with respect to the workers comp loss relative to our conversation last quarter.
Jay S. Fishman: And just to clarify my comments to make sure we don't confuse anybody. In the second quarter, we increased -- lost pick for workers comp overall to reflect that acceleration into the trend line. That loss estimate is the same one we used for the third quarter, mix adjusted and everything else. But we didn't go back. It currently is at the level that we reestablished it in the second quarter.
Jay S. Fishman: No, sir. In fact, if you go through the comments here today, you won't actually hear the words market or market cycle in anybody's commentary. We decided a year ago -- as I've said, and you've heard us speak about this in other meetings and in our investor days. We're much more skeptical that the amplitude of the cyclicality that many of us grew up in, in this business remains. For a whole host of substances systemic reasons, we just don't think it exists in the same way anymore. And we made the decision a year ago, if you recall, that regardless of whether a red light went on somewhere that was going to declare a cycle turn that we were going to attempt to take our destiny in our own hands and move our own pricing. And whatever happened would happen. We were very encouraged as following the second quarter last year, the results were moving in very much the right direction. We were never nearly as negative as the surveys would've suggested. We shared that data with you. But we made progress. And went from, broadly speaking, negative to positive. Following the weather this year, we decided after the second quarter to further accelerate our own efforts. And so I'm not viewing what anybody else is doing. I'm not declaring any change or turn, absolutely not. I'm just telling you what we're doing. This is active, not passive. We're not reacting to the marketplace. We're just deciding for ourselves what we're going to do in the way we're going to price the product. And we'll see what happens.
Jay S. Fishman: And in a given quarter, there'll be an episodic large loss that's not really run rate driven. Our best analysis, as Brian says, is looking at the reported ex-cat of 98.2 and we see about a point in there that's driven by what we would certainly consider non-run rate items.
Jay S. Fishman: And we would, as a matter of -- I don't have a number to give you on this. But as we've been speaking with our field people, a very relevant question is okay. We get what you're doing in the renewal rate arena, but what are you doing in the new business arena? What we're instructing our field people to do is to bring that higher level of expected rate to their new business negotiations. That's very, very important. It's the instructions that they're getting or to be as return focused in new. It doesn't mean the returns are equivalent but to be as a return focused in new as they are in renewal. And to the extent that new business falls off, that's just fine. No issue there. Do you want to add any? No? And anything in Personal or FPII that you want to add or...
Jay S. Fishman: Those are great questions. They really are. And something that we spend a tremendous amount of time here analyzing and looking at. So first is, as I've shared with all of you before, we do have a quarterly analysis that looks at renewal, return on allocated capital, as well as new business return on allocated capital for every product that we sell in every business. And it's a policy view. What I mean by it, it's literally the term we use internally. It's an analysis which attempts to say given everything we know today, rate today, loss trend today, what is the return on that product. About -- I got to check specifically, but maybe 9 months ago, we determined to update that analysis for the new yield curve in such a way that the analysis now calculates these returns as if all the new money is going in against the yield curve as it's currently structured. Now the last time we -- meaning, all the premium money. The capital bears a percentage of the return embedded in the portfolio but the new money goes in against the old curve, and we just count it back. We have not yet updated it for what I would say are the events over the last 6 weeks because the yield curve is most certainly flattening again. And I don't know how long it will stay but once we become convinced that that's longer rather than shorter, we will update it for that. The returns are not -- I'm not going to share with you what they are, but when we know them. We know them and we understand the impact both of the declining investment environment, as well as the impact in our property lines of weather. And obviously, the long tail lines are more impacted by the investment environment. The shorter tailed lines are more impacted by the weather. But no matter how you look at it, they were all impacted. That gets us to driving for rate. Because while I believe, and I do believe this, I believe that our accident year return on equity overall in a normal weather year, whatever that means, is still in excess of our cost of equity. And I believe that it is. We still need to begin to drive rate because the portfolio will continue to mature and roll over into the lower yields. And we've got to make sure that we always have in mind delivering superior returns relative to our cost of equity. So we're on it. And that's why the urgency here for, as a matter of tactics, I would say, it is now all about rate. It is all about rate.
Jay S. Fishman: But the realization of that, 2 things have to happen. We have to continue to deliver at least that level of rate and also, we have to keep monitoring loss trend to make sure that doesn't change because of inflation or any other element. But that -- not even back of the envelop which is said to me, when will this begin to evident itself, and it doesn't mean that in the aggregate, margins will at your face expand but, Brian, given the timing, by the time we get to the second quarter of next year, if this pattern continues at that point, and we should test that because I'm doing this really on the fly. But by the time we get to the second quarter, I would think that, in fact, the combined ratio would begin to shrink all other things being the same.
Jay S. Fishman: No, that's -- it's, again, another thoughtful question, Greg. Two things. One is that from a GAAP perspective, meaning the earnings per share that we will report, the investment yield continues to take time. It rolls -- the portfolio rolls obviously, but it doesn't happen all at once. So from a pure GAAP reported perspective, it's not as bad as if one did the analysis, assuming the entire portfolio were currently invested at current yields. So we have 2 separate analysis to do. What drives our pricing is pure economics. What current rates are available to invest new premium dollars that we bring in. We don't kid ourselves one bit. We understand and fundamentally discount back at today's yields in the aggregate. And we haven't done our budget yet for next year, and it's not as if management -- we don't think that we have levers to drive things differently. And we will do it, but we will be benefited in that regard by the fact that the portfolio doesn't all turnover at one instant. And so it's always important to keep those 2 different tracks in mind.
Jay S. Fishman: Just to come back as you went through it quickly, you said premiums were under pressure, that's from a perspective of underwriting thoughtfulness, a voluntary.
Jay S. Fishman: Brian, just to build his comment further in the portfolio, I don't recall it being structured any shorter from the duration standpoint than it is now.
Jay S. Fishman: We've been so focused on our own business and our own strategy and our own steps. I mean, I've been out meeting with agents. Brian has been out meeting with agents. We're just -- this is -- it's absorbing all of our attention. So the answer to that is I don't know.
Jay S. Fishman: It will be interesting to watch. Obviously, churn is the inverse of retention ratios. And our retention ratios remain pretty high. I would guess listening to a few the other companies over the next few days into what their retention ratios have been will give you real insight into whether that's true or not. From our experience, the answer would be no. But that doesn't mean it's universal.
Jay S. Fishman: Well, obviously, when we finally get to our budget for next year, we'll have a number such as it is. The only hesitation is that we're still sort of I'd say in the midst of RMS 11 and what that does to our cat loads. Jay said that it's going to increase some and it will as a result of that program, not so much just to put us out of, in effect, out of policy or out of line with our capital committed to it, but it is going to change. So I just think it's early, Larry. And we'll give some thought as to whether after that work whether we feel comfortable providing some more insight. I understand it's an important factor for everyone to understand, and we obviously have made a disclosure of it in our -- not of the average annual loss, but of our tail exposure in our 10-K. So when we get there, maybe we'll have a basis for saying something about what our average annual loss estimates are.
Jay S. Fishman: Well, first, let me -- because I'm not sure I'm connecting a part of your question. Let's make it clear. RMS 11 is, in effect, a hurricane model. What it's doing is it's taking our estimates of windstorm, hurricane windstorm and changing it, which is important in lots of property risks, but not every property risk. We have lots of property risks that are not hurricane exposed. So RMS will have an impact, obviously, on our -- I think in the end what it will have an impact on is our pricing view of hurricane exposed risks. Not everywhere because we're going to get down to the point of identifying where the changes are into very specific geographies. This is not where we get a one-number output, and we spread it for everybody. We're going to use that model and help us drive thoughtful pricing decisions in specific geographic areas. But it's a windstorm focused model. In terms of pricing on property, generally, I don't know what we said. We didn't say a number. We didn't say high single-digits. We said that...
Jay S. Fishman: And what's really driving that -- and it's important because what's driving that is not yet, I would say, RMS 11. What's really driving that is the experience, predominantly windstorm and hail, tornado and hail, that we've had the last several years. If you go back to -- I don't remember if it was last quarter or the quarter before, we can either make the decision that we're really smart and we've been unlucky or we can make the decision that something different is happening, whether we fully understand it or not, and we should react to it. We've chosen the latter. And as a consequence, if you look in the areas that are meaningfully tornado exposed, we used to talk about tornado alley, the data suggests that's not so relevant anymore. That the people remind me all the time, we have one in Springfield, Massachusetts this year sucking the water right out of the Connecticut River. So as you sit back, as we sit back and just think about weather in fact we're in some cycle, I'm not making any global warming statement here, but maybe we're in a cycle of more active storms, we've got to react, and so our reacting here. And all of -- many analysts tend to think all the time of Homeowners. They immediately go there. We have a substantial property exposure in our commercial book, in our small commercial business and in our middle market businesses. So the dynamic of property extends way beyond Homeowners, which actually, that's the reason I gave the data. We've been achieving 8 to 9 points of what we call their renewal price change for the last several periods.
Jay S. Fishman: That's right. And that maybe where you're getting it from. That was a comment about renewal price, renewal rate change, or price change in Homeowners. But there is a full dynamic of property exposure in our commercial business where, obviously, for competitive reasons, we're not being quite as transparent about what our particular strategies are other than to say it was the largest increase, right, it was the largest improvement.
Brian W. MacLean: Mike, this is Brian. I'll take a shot at some high level comments, and then throw it to Bill Cunningham and I'll probably preface all of this with were not going to get to granularity into talking about a specific state or market. As we said in the comments, we feel comp pricing has been moving. It started moving before the other lines of business. And we continue to see some decent increases there. So we feel good about where we are pricing versus loss trend broadly in that business. We spent a good bit of time on last quarter's call talking about what was in the end of the day, a pretty little movement in frequency, but we wanted to break it out. So the loss trend continues to move as we discussed then.
Brian W. MacLean: So important, when you look at just premium change, though, and this is true of comp and all of the commercial businesses, what's really driving it is 3 things: The rate component, and really, in this order: Rate, audit premium and exposure growth. And so it's not like we're adding a ton of market share here. We're looking at moving pricing and getting better pricing for the risks we're taking. The other thing I'll say and then throw it to Bill is not only is it a state-by-state, but it's business-by-business. So we have a kind of a different view of small comp versus middle market comp versus large comp. We're always trying to balance all of those.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, okay. The basic dynamic that's going on there as we've talked about in Select, Select Express is the smaller end. What we call Plus is the larger end. The Plus market, the larger account market is in aggregate down for us and one that we're pushing harder in from a pricing perspective. So that's what would be fundamentally driving that.
Brian W. MacLean: Yes, Josh, so this is Brian. I'd stepped from -- because you can pick a part that combined ratios by quarter and look at a whole bunch of different things. But if you look at our year-to-date in Business Insurance combined ratio and the ex-cat, ex-PYD number of 98.2, I would say knock about a point off of that and you've got what we view as our run rate combined. Round number, which is roughly a 2-point deterioration, as you can see on the page. It's 2.9, so knock a point off of that, it's about a 2-point deterioration in the margin. That's -- anytime you look at the quarter, you've got weather spikes, you've got weather compared to what weather was last year, if a quarter was made -- an adjustment was made in this quarter or an adjustment was made in prior-year quarter and then we put so 3 quarters worth of the impact in one spot, the numbers get wacky.
Brian W. MacLean: What we know factually, Keith, is our experience, the target that we're putting out and what we believe the prices that we're writing in at is the GAAP is narrowing some for us. Whether it's unique, we don't know.
Brian W. MacLean: So the first important thing and we try to say it, but let's emphasize it. We're talking about written rate. So the 4.3 points of rate that we're seeing in September in Business Insurance, we believe is ahead of our current view of loss trend. That needs to earn into the income statement over time. And so to the extent that we can string a reasonable number of months together like that, it will begin to earn in. But that earns in the way premium earns in. So it's 1/12 at a time. And so we are not saying that in September, the month in our income statement, we saw margin expansion. Just to be crystal clear.
Brian W. MacLean: Okay, yes. On a written basis, we feel that in all of our segments, we are ahead of loss trend. Maybe modestly. Yes, assuming a normalized weather, if any of us know what normal weather is anymore. But...
Brian W. MacLean: Also, a lot of fix income securities have periods of call protection. Traditionally, about 10 years in much the muni portfolio. So we have to incorporate that. And that's not really apparent to someone looking at it from the outside unless you wade through it security by security.
Brian W. MacLean: We have always operated on the principle that we'll try to get the best return the market gives us, but not more than the best return the market gives us. Actually, right now, we're emphasizing credit quality. Because we think, no matter which way things break, it's going to be even more important than it was 2 or 3 years ago to have the highest credit quality you can. So we're not reaching for yield. We're taking much what the market will give us.
Brian W. MacLean: It has gotten shorter simply by mathematical operation. Obviously, as you move along the price yield curve, the slope of the tangent changes, and the duration changes even if the portfolio is unchanged. But our duration is about as short as we would want it now.
Jay S. Benet: As you've heard us say before, we've been generating excess capital, we've been returning the capital to our shareholders. We had built up excess capital. We've been operating, as I mentioned during the Barclays conference, in ways to free up capital on the balance sheet, either through reinsurance collections or changes in reserves that have taken place over time or looking at other things. So I mean, eventually, you get to the point where you return the excess capital to your shareholders, and then what you're doing through your operating earnings is creating more capital, evaluating how much of that capital that you're creating through earnings you need to run the business and then from that returning the excess, if you will, to your shareholders, either through dividends or through buyback. So we think we're getting close to that inflection point where the excess is actually being or will have been returned, and we'll be dealing with the creation of new excess through the earnings.
Jay S. Benet: Actually, I think if you look at the new rules closely, you'll see that the new rules really paralleled what we've been doing, so there's not going to be any impact from those new rules for us.
Jay S. Benet: Certainly not for us. I mean, our DAC policy has been to DAC commissions and premium taxes essentially and nothing else. So that coincides with the rules.
Jay S. Benet: Sure. Well, first, your first point is exactly correct. There's an enormous difference between earned and written. And the rate gains reflect themselves in written premiums and obviously will be earned, respectively. The comment in the press release that we issued this morning was important relative to in Brian's comments as well. The fact that we were now at a point where if, in fact, these written rate gains continue, that they exceed our current view of loss trend. So that's the first, written versus earned.
Jay S. Benet: The numbers are public. My recollection is that overall rate in the second quarter of last year was still actually modestly negative. Loss trend obviously was positive, and we shared with all of you, you included, that we were anticipating margin compression. We were very clear, very transparent at the end of last year and into this year that we were anticipating, projecting and shared with you, in fact, even we were giving guidance the magnitude of the margin compression that we were expecting. And that was driven by the fact that underlying loss trend was running at a higher rate than the -- and at that point, the negative rate that we were achieving. It wasn't substantially negative, but negative is nonetheless negative. And we made progress in moving that price, moving the rate up, but it wasn't -- it isn't until just recently, it wasn't until just recently that the numbers are such that the written rate gains now are projected to exceed current view of loss trend. We've never said that before. You can go back to all the transcripts and you can check. When asked, the closest I think we ever got was that we were saying it was getting close to a push. That was about as close as we got to talking about changing margins. And the last piece, and particularly in this quarter, the most important is non-cat weather. It plays a substantive role in our quarter-to-quarter margins and in our estimates of combined ratios. What I can share with you is this. When you look at the underlying combined ratio now for every business segment that we are, and I'm saying this exclusive of whatever catastrophe load each of us would think is appropriate, but every single one of those segments for the 9 months, for the year-to-date, has a run rate combined ratio of under 100%, some a little more, then some others a little less. But I think that what we've been sharing with everyone about what we were expecting in rate gains and loss trend is the most transparent in the business. And I don't quite see the disconnect. I think we've been very clear about where rate gains and loss trends have been moving.
Jay S. Benet: Well, yes, I mean, in terms of the basic analysis, it really hasn't changed fundamentally. What we do -- what we've done historically is, we've provided an estimate of how much of the fixed income portfolio would "mature" -- and I'll say why, quote, unquote in a second -- over the next 3 years. We don't just look at the maturities as a function of what the documents say. We take a look at, given the interest-rate environment, what's likely to prepay as well. So I think in the past, looking at 2012, we had said something to the effect of about $6 billion or so would roll over in the portfolio, given where rates are, that number will be a little bit higher, possibly $6.5 billion, $7 billion. Although I will say that my own, and this is my view, my question, not even a view, I mean, given what drives that meaning mortgage prepayments, in this environment, it's really not really clear how they're actually going to perform. So it could actually be closer to the $6 billion. But in any event, it's that kind of a proportion of the portfolio, and then the rest is we've given the rates as to what is embedded in the portfolio. I mean, generally speaking, on a tax equivalent basis, it's been somewhere in the 4%, 4.5% range of what's coming due. So it's anybody's guess what rate to use for a reinvestment assumption, I think when we started doing this, it was 75 basis points, then it was 150 basis points. I think if you look at it today, it would be closer to the 150, maybe a little more, so I mean, pick that. But that's basically the nature of the analysis.
Jay S. Benet: And that actually, given the flat yield curve, is really a place you sort of want to be at the moment. And to the extent that we're wrong, and we always consider the possibility that we're wrong and rates rise, we're going to be happy we positioned the portfolio that way.
Jay S. Benet: They are -- we mark some according to the audited statements from the funds themselves, although obviously, much of the NII from private equity is the result the realizations, when private equity funds sell companies in their portfolio. And there's a slight lag, but it's not great.
Jay S. Benet: I'll try to answer the question and maybe Dorian [ph] or Alan will try them as well. But we make estimates all the time as to what our future costs regarding today. And in this particular case, we had made an estimate that would suggest that the costs would go down slightly. And instead of going down slightly, they went up slightly. We are in a situation where -- and we think is a good thing that the miso cases are the ones that are getting tried. It’s not like many years ago where they were whole package pre-bankruptcies, and whole different set of circumstances. But this is slugging it out on court on a case-by-case basis. And depending upon what the situation is, your defense costs are going to be either smaller or larger than what your expectations are. And they just have been running a little bit larger than what we had previously expected, when we set the reserve. Having said that, we don't view it as any fundamental change in the way the asbestos environment is operating.
Jay S. Benet: Well, we do want to make a point that if you look at the gross reserve increase last year versus the gross reserve increase this year, it was less this year than last year. And as it relates to the population, one would have to believe that there's some point in time where this drops off, now just given the passage of time and the exposure periods, as well as when the asbestos exclusions kicked in, in terms of the way the policies were written. Having said that, whatever this decay rate is, it will be what it will be, and we're trying to estimate it each year. And that's what these adjustments relate to, what's the actual decay rate versus what's been anticipate in the reserve setting.
