Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our first quarter 2015 results. Hopefully all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com, under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Jay Fishman, Chairman and CEO; Jay Benet, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer; Brian MacLean, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Schnitzer, Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Business and International Insurance; and Doreen Spadorcia, Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer of Claim, Personal Insurance and Bond & Specialty Insurance. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions. Before I turn it over to Jay, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available in the Investors section on our website. And now, Jay Fishman.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Doreen. We are now ready for Q&A. And I would like to remind the participants to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Very good. Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we’ll be available, Investor Relations for any follow up questions. Thank you and have a great day.
Jay Fishman: Thank you, Gabi and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are very pleased to start 2015 by reporting another strong quarter with operating income of $827 million or $2.53 per share and an operating return on equity of 14.5%. Our underwriting results remained very strong across all of our business units as evidenced by our combined ratio of 88.9%. Additionally, we achieved a record level of retention in domestic business insurance while simultaneously posting positive renewal rate change. With Quantum Auto 2.0 in full rollout, in Agency Auto, we achieved policy in force growth of 1.8%. The first-time that metric has been positive since 2011. We posted these results notwithstanding another severe winter and the reduction in net investment income from last year’s first quarter. Jay will speak about our investment income in just a moment but for now suffice it to say that nothing happened that we had not contemplated or considered a possibility. The operating and production results for this quarter were being very encouraging and consistent with our belief that the amplitude of the historical cycle has narrowed. Importantly, this stability contributes to our confidence and our ability to continue to deliver superior returns on equity. The confidence that we have is in part evidenced by our capital management strategies. Today our Board of Directors announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.61 per share, marking the 11th consecutive year of dividend increases and bringing the compound annual growth rate on the dividend to nearly 10% over this time. In addition, we returned $850 million from capital to shareholders, bringing our total since 2006 to $31.6 billion. And we’ve done all of that while continuing to make significant investments in our business and our people. Canada, Brazil and the data center in Omaha just to name a few. Rightsizing capital and reinvesting in the business are not mutually exclusive, both are fundamental to the way we think about the business for the long-term. We intend to continue with these strategies and in that regard, our Board also authorized an additional $5 billion of share repurchases. We’ve made substantial progress in improving our product returns over the past five years through a thoughtful, focused and highly analytical approach to our business that has been well executed in the marketplace. We intend to continue on this path. In that regard, fixed income returns remain at historical lows and as a consequence, we must continue to be mindful that this challenging environment has already lasted far longer than most would have assumed and we will continue to factor that environment into our pricing strategies. In addition, we note that weather patterns do seem to be different. This change when combined with increased real-estate development, causes us to be very attentive to incorporating the real cost of weather uncertainty in our business. Part of the answer to this challenge above and beyond price and policy terms is helping our customers consider their risks and protect their assets in the most thoughtful ways possible. And we know that we and our independent agents are committed to helping customers do just that. As the world gets riskier, the value of thoughtful insurance advice goes up. And with that, let me turn it over to Jay.
Jay Fishman: And it’s Jay Fishman. Just let me add one point. Couple of times in your question, you referenced pricing and its impact on reserve. And we just don’t -- pricing is not a factor as we set up reserves for our business. Our reserves are driven by costs. And the pricing what we sell it for is driven by the marketplace. And so the notion that our reserves are sit differently in a different pricing environment is just wrong; it’s just not correct. So, what Jay I think is -- so far so good. So, far the estimates that we established in the years of which Jay referenced are continuing to stand up to whatever the developing trends are.
Jay Fishman: This is Jay Fishman. One other observation, your question and Alan’s answer is in respect of written rate versus loss trend. Obviously on an earned basis, as we look forward to the rest of this year, looking over to Jay Benet to see from right, we anticipate that earned margin will continue to modestly expand from here, all other things being the same and they never are. So, I’m simply talking about the calculation of earned rate versus loss trend modestly; everybody’s pointing modestly here. So, it’s not a matter of this year. I second the motion on Alan’s comment, which is one is obviously the lower number than four and all other things being the same that would suggest some margin compression. But again, all other things are not the same, exposure, a meaningful portion of exposure; acts like rate; you get volume differences, you get productivity efficiencies. So, it’s close. And I would hesitate on concluding definitively that return margins and therefore some time down the future earned margins at this level will by definition reduce, they may, possible but it’s not -- it just isn’t that clear yet, the numbers are just not -- that point is different.
Jay Fishman: No, it’s seasonally -- it declines; these are just bond. Don’t interpret that seasonality one there, [ph] it’s just yield; that’s all it is; it’s the same bonds...
Jay Fishman: There is nothing about the fixed income -- our fixed income portfolio that has any seasonality to it whatsoever. Other than as time progresses and more of the portfolio is reinvested at lower rates, we’ve been saying it for years now, the net investment income will go down over time. No seasonality in that number at all. As it relates to the energy dynamic, I would point out that we put out a schedule in last quarter’s webcast which summarized our private equity investments and what we thought was. And we defined as the energy space; my recollection is that somewhere around $760 million or so, inclusive I think. We have to go back; I am working from memory. But it’s not insignificant but hardly overwhelming. So, those are the two points I’d add on investment income.
Jay Fishman: First, we really don’t perseverate annually as much as perhaps you will do on weather margins or a little bit wider or a little bit smaller. We’ve got -- I don’t know, the last time I looked we have close to 1 million commercial lines accounts each one of them are priced one at a time. And so the notion that we somehow think or manage with that level of granular dynamic is just -- it’s almost we occasionally show you the distribution of rate gains across the entire book and that should impress you with the diversity of it that every account is priced on its own. So, I start off first with philosophical answer to that, not that I won’t try and answer your question; the honest answer to it is that, I just don’t know. What we do believe, what we are currently recording is an aggregate overall loss trend of 4%. That remains across our entire commercial book; our business book unchanged; it’s independent of whatever CPI numbers come out or producer price index. We were pretty granular about our loss trend and feel that we try hard to get right. The reason we try and get it right is a whole lot less about reserving than it is pricing. We price our product to losses and if we don’t have our losses right, we are not going to get right price, so we get very driven and very focused on that. So, if you wanted to do just simple arithmetic, let’s say unless you get four points of written rate, all other things being the same, margins will begin to go down, but all other things are just not the same. Exposure, we’ve talked about this many times in the past, has a fair amount of activity in it that looks like rate, acts like rate, an example would be an increase in property limits on a building. You collect what premium, rent it; there are more limits at risk, but absent the total loss, that number will act in the calculation equivalent to rate. And so when we start trying to analyze it, the best answer that we can give you right now is it closed; it’s closed. But again it’s not as if we perseverate much at all on whether it’s up a little bit or took me not up, down a little bit or flat; it’s just not -- we think about returns over time, not about -- importantly not about margin in any given quarter, returns over time, it’s how we think about it. So that’s sort of our outlook. In terms of lines in the sand, we always enjoy that. It’s nothing different about that. One of the things that’s impressive to me and Alan shared some of this data with your couple of quarters ago: I’m sure it’s dated. We don’t even quote on round numbers. 60% of the request reports that we get in commercial accounts; it varies, 60% to 70%, something like that. Am I close on that still, just wanted? And so the line in the sand starts right there. It’s not as if -- we don’t quote on more business than we do quote. And then our hit rate is a function of that smaller quote rate. So, we draw lines in the sand every single day at every account; it’s not a philosophical line in the sand, it’s an account by account philosophical line in the sand. And that’s just so important. We don’t pressure underwriters for volume, we don’t. If you do, you will get volume; you won’t like what you get; that’s been our philosophy but you will get it. We let them run their business with tremendous amounts of data like adults making thoughtful decisions managing it for the long-term. So, now we draw lines in the sand all the time.
Jay Fishman: One of the questions that we’ve been asked over a long period of time and our answer has been the same. To us, the leading indicator about lack of stability in the market and the way in which you can best assess the sort of near term is retention. It is really to me personally given my experience is remarkable that we had a record retention in our domestic business insurance business while still getting positive renewal rate. I just think that’s really quite remarkable and speaks to the stability of the business. If you want to get a sense of churn, you look at retention. And I’m getting a little long in the tooth but I go back to the late 60s when retentions in the middle market were in high 60s; 70 was considered a pretty stable month. This quarter in the middle market, we were like in the 87%; it just shows you the magnitude of the difference and really I think just reinforces the way in which we run the business.
Jay Fishman: Yes that actually is so darn important because it speaks to the granularity of the strategy that where accounts are not meeting our return expectations. We already drove in affecting and come back to that; we draw the line and we’re we’re getting rate at that point exceeding loss trend. So, so important for us. 
Jay Fishman: It’s, jay Fishman. I’d add a couple of points; Doreen’s got it all right, which is that one of the things that is and we’ve said this before, nothing new in this, but increasingly, it’s in the data. The nature of the customer who chooses to buy directly is a different customer than that which seeks advice. And it’s not just the nature of the customer but it’s the risk management need. So broadly speaking and this comes from our experience with being a GEICO partner from many, many years, the percentage of renters and amongst GEICO customer is a multiple of what the renter population is in our agency business. The percentage of minimum and low limit buyers for Auto who buy direct are a multiple of those low limits or minimum limits that buy directly. Now that’s not a 100% and it’s not an absolute statement, but broadly speaking, you would say that the nature of the risk management needs based upon data, not anecdotal; not television customers but based upon the data is that they are different. Now that’s in effect really good news for us, because the agency business that we direct our attention to has been much more resilient and robust than people 10 years ago might have suggested.
Jay Fishman: Maybe that changes in the future; it’s possible and it would be foolish of us to be arrogant enough to say that that customer could never be attracted. And so we’re going to continue to develop the technology, such that if that business dynamic changes, we’re in a position to respond. But several quarters ago, our conclusion was and we shared with you that the nature of the customer that we seek is not yet buying enough through direct channel that the business is a scalable business around that. To make it scalable, you have to be as that different sentiment and that’s just not our sweet spot. So, I’d say Gee! It would have been nice if the direct channel would have developed more robustly. But believe me when I tell you, as I had to pick one versus the other going into this, I’m much happier that the Agency channel has remained more robust than people would have suspected.
Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Brian. Good morning. I feel very good about our performance in business and international insurance this quarter. Operating results were strong and importantly, we were encouraged by the continued stability in the U.S. marketplace as reflected in the facts that our retention is at a record level and we’re still achieving renewal rate gains. As Brian said, we could not have scripted this better. The underlying combined ratio was 92.7%, an increase of 3.2 points over the prior year quarter. Eliminating the benefit from the state workers’ compensation assessment in last year’s first quarter, the underlying combined ratio increased by about 1 point, reflecting a typical level of quarterly fluctuation. Particularly in light of the severe winter weather that Brian mentioned, we feel great about the underlying profitability. Turning to the top line, net written premiums were up about 1% from the prior year quarter with the timing and structure of a number of reinsurance treaties and changes in foreign exchange rates having an adverse impact. Domestic net written premiums were up about 2% but adjusting for the timing impact of the reinsurance treaties, premiums were almost 3.5%. In our international business, net written premiums were down 7%, driven by the adverse impact of foreign exchange. The production results this quarter in our domestic business continue to be very encouraging. As we’ve said in the last few quarters, more of our business is achieving target returns. And our objective has been to keep more of that business to our very granular account by account and class by class execution. Record retention this quarter, speaks to the success of that strategy. Renewal premium change was down about 1 point from the fourth quarter of last year and within that, pure renewal rate change was also down about 1 point. Notably, renewal rate change across most of our businesses has been steady for each of the three months within the current quarter. Turning to select, retention had a full year high and renewal premium change was strong at 7.3%. Overall, we’re pleased with the returns in this business and we’ll continue to seek high retentions and higher levels of new business. In middle market, retention was a very strong 87% with over 90% retention on our best performing segments. Renewal rate change moderated less than 1 point in the fourth quarter to 1.1%. In terms of new business, we’re very pleased with the results in middle market this quarter. As you’ve heard from us, the impact of rate gains over the past four years has resulted in more new business opportunities that met our return threshold. The amount of new business we wrote in the quarter was impacted by the high volume of new business activity in the marketplace. January is a big month for new business submissions. Also it’s worth noting that prior year quarter was particularly low from a new business standpoint. So that obviously contributes to the quarter-over-quarter increase. Our international business also posted solid production results. Over the past several quarters, renewal premium change has been steady and retention is trended up. In the current quarter, new business levels were lower than we would have liked, largely reflecting our disciplined response to conditions in the Lloyd’s marketplace. I’m pleased to note that as we announced last week, we agree to increase our stake in the P&C business with our Brazilian joint venture to 95%, up from 49.5%. We will maintain our 49.5% stake in the JV surety business. Our P&C business in Brazil is small. We launched it in 2012 and wrote about $20 million of net written premium last year but we continue to see long term growth opportunities. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. To sum it up, we feel great about the quarter. We’re focused on maintaining attractive returns and we’re well positioned to execute where we find opportunities. And with that, let me turn it over to Doreen.
Alan Schnitzer: Hi. It’s Alan Schnitzer, let me take that. So, the one point that we characterized is typical fluctuations, maybe be rising from two components, one in the loss side. There is some fungibility of losses and we’re talking about a relatively small numbers. So, it’s hard to sort of necessarily pin point what those dollars were. But as we look at our analytics and our losses, what we really saw in the quarter was a very small, you can count them on one hand, a small number of large fires around the world; they contributed to after tax less than $20 million that maybe where that comes from. The rest of it was on the expense side and there is always going to be some normal fluctuations in expenses from period-to-period. In terms of the margin outlook, you could certainly look what rate is doing and what loss trend is doing and do a very narrow quantitative analysis and say Gee! Margins are going to shrink. We try to look at margins on a broader basis. So, lots of things other than the written rate and estimated loss trend that are going to impact margins going forward. You’ve got things like volume exposure; mix; expenses; claim initiatives; weather large losses, all those things every quarter are going to have an impact on our results. And so, at least the away we look at written rate and loss trend at the moment, hard for us to say necessarily what margins going to do over the near-term. And we take our best shot in giving you some perspective on that in the outlook section of the 10-Q. So, I would suggest that if you haven’t had a chance to look at that.
Alan Schnitzer: We can’t talk about the sustainability of it, because going back to our reserving philosophy, we’re always reserving at best estimate. So, we feel like we talk about some of the things that have caused the reserves to develop favorably. You say that short tail lines are easier to reserve for and it’s an interesting phenomenon that takes place. If you are dealing with short tail and particularly if you’re dealing with property, you have events that take place; in many cases, they’re taking place in a current quarter where you’re coming up with the estimates in that quarter. And even though it’s a short tail business, you’re dealing with not a lot of claim information at that particular time. So, you’re looking at recent activity or historical activity to make judgments as to how those claims are going to develop; how the storms are going to develop. And depending upon the nature of the storm, where the storm hits, you could have situations where you are thinking that a tornado has a lot of hail associated with it; you look at the history of how that’s developed and put up numbers and then as time goes on, we found that we overshot the mark a little bit because that particular storm didn’t follow the pattern of previous storms in terms of the related hail damage. So, it’s like everything else in reserving; you have some data upon which to make assumptions and then you extrapolate from that; you make your best estimate and then you’re always adjusting it. And in the case of short tail, it conveys the higher fluctuations. What I really mean by that is the period of time in which you find, you’re making the adjustments is a relatively short period of time; it’s correcting quickly whereas in lines GL or workers’ company, you can often that you’re seeing long-term trends and you’re evaluating them but the period of time in which you’re making the adjustments can often times be over several quarters or even several years, it’s just data getting more solid. So, it’s an interesting aspect of reserving that I found intriguing when I first got involved in it. But as it relates to the short tail lines, you do see these fluctuations because you’re dealing sometimes with very, very little data.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s way too early for us to really have any assessment on the impact on us from a surety perspective. This is just starting to unfold. What I will say is that we’ve great confidence in our people down there; we’ve got great confidence in our underwriting; we manage our gross and net exposures pretty carefully; and together with our partner and our local team, we continue to watch it. We don’t have any reason at the moment to think that this is an outsized problem for us but I will reiterate that it’s early and we’re watching it.
Doreen Spadorcia: Thank you, Alan and good morning everybody. Bond and specialty insurance started 2015 with a strong first quarter and we remain exceptionally pleased with the financial returns in this segment. For the quarter, operating income was a $124 million, a reduction from the first quarter of 2014 due primarily to a lower level of net favorable prior year reserve development and lower net investment income. Underlying underwriting results remained very strong and well within our target. As for top-line, net written premium for the quarter was essentially flat to 2014 for both on management liability and surety businesses. Across our management liability businesses, retention and new business premium were both slightly improved from recent quarters while RPC levels remained broadly consistent. In sum, not a lot of movement in the quarter to highlight for you and we continue to feel great about this segment’s result. I’ll turn now to personal insurance, where we also had a terrific first quarter with strong underwriting results in both Agency Auto and Agency Homeowners & Other. Operating income for the quarter was $252 million, down slightly from the first quarter of 2014 due primarily to lower net investment income. The underlying combined ratio was essentially flat to the prior year and had a level that we feel great about for the segment. Looking at Agency Auto, we once again delivered strong top-line and bottom-line results for the quarter and continued to be very pleased with the performance of this business. The 90.2% combined ratio for the quarter benefited from approximately 3 points of favorable prior year reserve development which was driven by better than expected severity in bodily injury. The underlying combined ratio of 93% was a slight improvement from an already strong 2014, and in a range we’re comfortable with. Production results also continued to be strong driven by Quantum Auto 2.0; new business premium was 67% higher than the first quarter of 2014; and we continued to grow our policies in force which increased 21,000 during the quarter. Net written premiums increased 4% from the prior quarter. So by all measures, great results for Auto for the quarter. Turning to Agency Homeowners & Other, we once again delivered strong financial results and we’re making progress in production as we execute local product and pricing strategy. The overall combined ratio of 74.4% was strong and benefited from favorable prior year reserve development. The underlying combined ratio of 79.5% is also well within our return expectations for the quarter. So, financial results remain strong as we continue to execute our disciplined underwriting and pricing strategies. As for Agency Homeowners production, we said earlier that we continue to make progress. New business premium was up almost 40% from the prior year quarter and continues to trend favorably. We feel great about our market leading Homeowners’ capability and know this product is a critical component of the customer package. Brian discussed the continued impact of weather. With these considerations in mind and our strong financial results in this line, we remain focused on improving our offering, both product features and process improvements to be again growing this business again. Based upon the new business trends we’re seeing, we’re encouraged with our path. Lastly on Agency Homeowners & Other, net written premium was down 5%, primarily driven by the impact of changes in the timing and structure of certain of the company’s reinsurance treaties. So to sum up, personal insurance had excellent results and a great start to 2015. And with that, I will turn the call back to Gabi.
Doreen Spadorcia: Yes, it is. We debated about whether to put that in and you’d ask us about it anyway. So, yes, we do see the severity trends for Auto to be about 3% and that’s all in. I guess -- I’m just trying to think; and that includes bodily injury as well. That’s a little bit higher but when you blend everything, it’s about 3%.
Doreen Spadorcia: The only thing I was going to add is that we remain very proud to be committed with J. Malucelli as a partner and they are one of those finest companies in Brazil. So with all of the discipline they bring and we bring, it’s an unfortunate set of events but we feel like we’re in the best position that we can be with that partner.
Doreen Spadorcia: Hi, Mike; this is Doreen. Let me just bring it back probably a year or so, so you know what we put in place. But we actually did some back testing and what we needed to do to be more competitive in the customer segment that we wanted. And when we looked at that, we thought that our expenses needed to be adjusted. And so that’s what we did. We took the $140 million out of our operating costs as well as reduced the commission on the new products. And what we told our agents -- so first of all I want to give them great credit because notwithstanding that sort of salary change, they were great partners and supported that. And what we told them was we wanted them to be competitive across channels. We weren’t doing this just so they could switch one company’s business to us. We wanted them to be able to compete with a captive and the direct writers. And while I wouldn’t say that the price points are always what those companies are, it made us and them much more competitive in those customer segments. But I mean the whole thing, you need an organization that’s willing to execute to that; you need strong agency relationships; and at the end of the day, you need a product that people want.
Doreen Spadorcia: We can see it in little pockets Mike but nobody has really taken the approach of adjusting their cost base. So, if they are doing that with pricing, we can see a little bit of that, but nothing where we’ve seen a major restructure, so that the offering would be similar.
Doreen Spadorcia: On the direct to consumer initiative, I think Jay and Greg have talked about this in the past. And we still feel like there is a very strong value proposition for the customers that we have and the advice that they get from agents. We just haven’t seen sort of a run on the bank that maybe would have been predicted a decade ago. That being said, we also think it’s very prudent to make sure that we have multiple channels of business, because our goal is the customers that we like, we would like to bring in the door anyway they’d want to come in. All that being said, I know there has been some talk about some entrants in the marketplace. And I think I would tell you our view is to just evaluate and wait and see what that might bring. We’ve made no decisions and we’re in observation mode.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet. I’ll try to wrap in some comments about all of that and some overview set. So, as it relates to the reserve development, these years do have to season a bit for us to get a good look on what the longer tail liabilities are doing. However, having said that, as you know, we have a very robust and granular process for looking at our reserves. So, we look at them every quarter. And if there are things that are developing either currently or from prior years that would have a rollover effect, which we call base year movement, into the current years will reflect that as appropriate. So looking at the more seasoned years at this point in time, we did take action to reduce reserves, as you pointed out in general liability and workers’ comp for 2007, 2005 and prior, as we disclosed. None of that really had a major impact on the more current years. The current years haven’t developed in any meaningful, way one way or the other at this point in time in the current quarter. There have been actions in previous quarters, some of the more recent accident years where we’ve made some minor adjustments. But at this stage, as I had indicated earlier, there really was no meaningful unfavorable development taking place in any of our products, any of our accident years. And on the favorable side, we’ve pointed out in a press release what that was.
Jay Benet: As we’ve said in previous calls, we’re not seeing anything as it relates to loss cost trends that’s surprising to us or different from what our assumptions are. These are of course very long liabilities. So, you are going to react in a prudent way to any changing information that you see. And as it relates to this whole thing, which we’re referring to as benign or whatever, everything is really dependent upon what your reserving assumptions. and as long as your reserving assumptions are based on what’s taking place in the marketplace, you are not making adjustments for things, which is not to say over time, you wouldn’t look further at the data and see things that would cause you to recognize favorable development or God forbid, unfavorable development. But at this stage, our reserves, as we always do are best estimates of what we see today and we’ll just see how they develop going forward.
Jay Benet: This is Jay, Jay. We’re not predicting what it is. I mean we talk about our share repurchases as being driven by our earnings. So, depending upon what you and others feel, our earnings look like going forward, you can do the math as to how long you think that share repurchase authorization will be out there for our utilization. And of course that’s in addition to the remainder of the previous authorization which I think was another 80, 84 [ph]. So, I think looking at what your projections are and looking at the utilization in the past, you can come up with pretty good estimate of what you think it will be.
Jay Benet: I think there is two pieces to that, one, looking at the fixed investments, we’ve put some disclosure in our Q as to what we thought the period-over-period decrease on a quarterly basis would be for fixed income NII. And of course, the drivers of that are two-fold. One, the lower interest rate environment, as items mature either in the current quarter or really in the previous nine quarters as well, they are getting reinvested at the lower rate. So that will have an impact. And also as we pointed out, we paid the $579 million on the direct action, so those funds are no longer in the investment portfolio. And when you combine those two things, you’re roughly at about a $30 million after-tax decrease on the fixed income NII. As it relates to the non-fixed income portion, we’ve provided you data on what the composition of the portfolio is. You’ve seen the historical yields associated with it. I don’t have a crystal ball to say how the economy is going to perform and whatever. We’ve tried to give information as it relates to the impact of the oil price decline and the feeling like we’ve hopefully gotten to a point whether vast majority of whatever re-pricing or revaluations will take place have been captured. But I think you need to make your own estimates as to what you think that part of the portfolio will be.
Jay Benet: So again, I’ve got to fall back to the account by account discussion because that’s how we think of pricing, not as a single manifest order to the organization. Some underwrite is sitting with an agent and they’re talking about an account that’s had -- and I use this example all the time, three consecutive years of price increases and that account has been doing just fine. And the agent and the underwriter come to conclusion that it’s appropriate to renew that account flat, we are off for it; we are off for that; no issue at all. If the conversation is that the account absorbs a tremendous amount of cost and risk management and loss experience is kind of marginal and therefore we should be asking for a fourth consecutive increase, we will. It’s by the account. What is true over all is that more of our business has moved into what one would consider return good, return acceptable than it was two, three, four years ago. So, as low as account by account decisions get made, they get made in a different framework of return to the company. We think that’s great, couldn’t be happier about the way our field underwriters execute on that. So, it’s not a matter of us sending out a message that says stop here. We never would say that. Our message is, look at the account; look at the cost; look at the expenses; look at the load; look at the class of business; do you want it part of your portfolio; does the account have stability? Use your best judgment, do the right thing and we leave it to them. And that’s -- so I can’t -- if rate were to go flatten from here and people were pursuing that, it’d be fine in the aggregate. If rate were to go down in another point and they were pursuing in that strategy, it’d define. The rate in the end is the result of tens of thousands of transactions, not a single order that’s given out to the field. And just to that, I would just add that on our most challenged segments of business, we continue to get rate in excess of loss trend.
Jay Benet: Yes, Jay; this is Jay Benet. We actually had only one storm raise to the level of a cat for us. So, most of the winter storm activity that took place this quarter was non-cat weather, as we described or differentiate between cat versus non-cat. And looking at this year versus last and I think Brain made the comment, the weather in this quarter was heightened from what we would think of as a -- if there is such a thing anymore as a normal quarter was heightened from that. Last year was also a heightened weather quarter. And while the data is -- it’s the voluminous data, but it’s also challenging data to say exactly this is a weather loss; this isn’t a weather loss. The feeling around here is that the weather losses this year were elevated from the weather losses last year, but they weren’t off the charts different, they were just a bit higher than they were last year. That would be the feeling we get from the data. So, higher than normal; whatever normal is these days; a bad winter season last year; bad winter season this year; this year all in a little higher than last year and that would go for both cats as well as non-cat.
Jay Benet: The primary one is the change in the cat program that we announced last quarter. As you recall, our cat reinsurance was generally done, was always done on July 1, and the new cat aggregate treaty that we put in place was the January 1 deal. So the premium for that is primarily what we’re seeing in this quarter through the seeded line that’s impacting the quarter-over quarter comparisons because last year there was no premium for that.
Jay Benet: Alright whereas last year in the third quarter of 2014, we would have seen a similar payment taking place; whereas on July 1 on this year, we will not be making that payment because we’ve already made it.
