Dan Frey: Thank you, Alan. Core income for the first quarter was $699 million, up from $676 million in the prior year quarter, and core return on equity was 11.1%. Increase in core income resulted primarily from a higher level of net favorable prior year reserve development, improved underlying underwriting results and increased net investment income, largely offset by a much higher level of catastrophe losses. Our first quarter results include $835 million of pre-tax cat losses, an all-time high for our first quarter cats and an increase the $502 million compared to last year's first quarter. This quarter cats include $703 million from the February winter storms, which impacted Texas and a number of other states. Prior year reserve development, for which I'll provide more detail shortly, was net favorable $317 million pre-tax in the quarter. Our pre-tax underlying underwriting gain of $735 million was 24% higher than in the prior year quarter, reflecting higher levels of earned premium and an underlying combined ratio, which improved by 1.8 points from a year ago to 89.5%. The improvement in the underlying combined ratio resulted largely from the continued impacts of earned pricing exceeding loss cost trends in our commercial businesses, and continued favorable loss conditions in personal auto. These improvements were partially offset by the comparison of more typical non-cat weather this year to relatively benign non-cat weather in last year's first quarter. After-tax net investment income increased by 14% from the prior year quarter to $590 million, as higher returns in our non-fixed income portfolio were partially offset by the impact of the expected decline in fixed income yields. Consistent with our comments on the fourth quarter earnings call and in our 10-K, we continue to expect that for the remainder of 2021 fixed income NII, including earnings from short term securities, will be between $420 million and $430 million per quarter after-tax. Turning to prior year reserves development, total net favorability of $317 million pre-tax in the quarter included a $72 million benefit from a subrogation settlement with Southern California Edison related to the Woolsey fire of 2018. $62 million of that benefit was recorded in personal insurance, with the remainder recorded in business insurance. Beyond that subrogation benefit, net favorable PYD and personal insurance reflected both auto and property losses coming in better than expected for recent accident years. In Bond and Specialty, net favorable PYD was driven by better than expected results in the surety book. In business insurance net favorable PYD was driven by better than expected loss experience in workers comp, partially offset by some adverse development on losses for environmental exposures in our runoff book. Regarding Reinsurance, as discussed during our fourth quarter results call, we renewed our underlying property aggregate catastrophe XOL Treaty for 2021, providing aggregate coverage of $350 million part of $500 million of losses above aggregate retention of $1.9 billion. Through March 31, we have accumulated $915 million of qualifying losses toward the aggregate retention. Turning to capital management, operating cash flows for the quarter of $1.2 billion were again very strong. All our capital ratios were at or better than target levels, and we ended the quarter with holding company liquidity of approximately $1.8 billion. Our net unrealized investment gain decreased from $4.1 billion after-tax at year end to $2.8 billion after-tax at March 31, as interest rates rose during the quarter. Adjusted book value per share, which excludes unrealized investment gains and losses, was $101.21 at quarter end, up 2% from year end and up 9% from a year ago. We’ve returned $613 million of capital to our shareholders this quarter, comprising share repurchases of $397 million in dividends of $216 million. Following this quarters share repurchase activity, we have a little more than $800 million remaining under the previously authorized repurchase program. In order to provide appropriate capital management flexibility and reflecting its confidence in our business, the Board authorized an additional $5 billion for share repurchases. And as Alan also mentioned, our Board authorized an increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.88 per share. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Greg for a discussion of Business Insurance.
Dan Frey: Michael, it’s Dan. No signal at all, that’s simply the math I gave you by the time we did the repurchases we did in the first quarter of this year, we were down to $800 million of authorization remaining under the share repurchase. If you look at, our history over the last 10 or 12 years, every time we sort of get down to this level the Board authorizes an additional buyback and this was just the timing to do that.
Dan Frey: Hey, David, it's Dan Frey, I'll take that. COVID did interest in this quarter in that, we've been living with it for about a year now. Last year as it emerged, it was pretty apparent what we thought the impact was of COVID, because you were looking at an immediately pre COVID environment versus something new, doesn't feel that way anymore. It's sort of woven into the fabric of the economy and overall results. That's one of the reasons that even going back to last year, we chose to leave everything related to COVID in our underlying combined ratio. And when it's really not feasible, to be able to specifically spike out, what do we think the impact of COVID was in the quarter. Having said that, qualitatively, we have we have some idea. You heard Michael talk about the impact of COVID on miles driven in BI didn't get a mention in Business Insurance because we think it was pretty modest. There was, again, some level of direct charges related to COVID specific losses and things like workers comp, but very modest. And we'd say probably largely offset, if not slightly more than offset by related benefits and non-COVID frequency.
Dan Frey: Sure, David. Its Dan again. I think the numbers that we see coming through business insurance for rate versus trend align with what we've seen from written results over the last several quarters, if you just factor in what's earning its way through. So we did see a steadily increasing level of rate increase over last year, and we are seeing a steadily increasing level of improvement in terms of the earned impact of rate versus trend. It moves slowly, and it moves within sort of tenths of a point, changes at a time. Because the other thing I'd say to keep in mind is, it's not just the simple math of if we got eight points a rate versus five points a trend, that's three points of margin expansion, it's not, its rate versus trend. That's a three percentage point difference. But if you translate it into loss ratio points, when you consider, say, theoretically as 60 is loss ratio that translates into little less than two points of margin expansion. So being close to two points of margin expansion, and expecting that number to increase maybe very slightly from here as the higher rates aren't through is right, where we thought we'd be.
Dan Frey: Sure, Mike its Dan. So I'll take that maybe in a couple of parts. On the quote question in sort of that activity. Let’s say, we see that to continue to be pretty slow. We talked about it last year, in terms of there's definitely a change in the in the data from the fact that quotes were courts for a long time and other settlements on uses have been less active and I think that continues. And I think we'll probably take a while to work through, what could be the backlog there. So what we've done in terms of both our view of current accident year and prior accident, reserve adequacy is to assume that nothing really has changed. So the data might tell you that things look a little bit favorable, we're not really going to react to that. Our assumption is that, once things do get back to normal, ultimately, what we're going to see is social inflation, at the levels and the trends that we've seen it before. Loss cost trend at the elevated rate that we talked about, even in the second quarter of last year, and then ultimately, these things will all settle out in reflection of those levels. So, to the degree that we talked about some favorability last year, and we had some favorability and prior year reserve development this year, a lot of that is frequency driven where the losses themselves and simply not emerged, but from a severity perspective, we're still going to take the view that that we think that's a verity pressure is not really going away. And that's one of the reasons that you see us continuing to pursue rate in Business Insurance, to the degree that we are.
Dan Frey: Yes, Mike, there is still a gap. So it's just -- it is a little less than it was. Last quarter, we were talking about that gap being maybe 150 basis points, now, maybe it’s closer to 90 or 100 basis points, but it's still a negative. And a reminder, just the portfolio turns over slowly enough that even when we factored in the current environment, that didn't actually change, because we gave you a $10 million range around our quarterly view of fixed income NII on a go forward basis. So it moved to the needle, but only very, very modestly. Still a gap, new money yield still below what's maturing out of the portfolio.
Dan Frey: And obviously, as volumes go up, regardless of which of those it comes from, you get some expense leverage.
Dan Frey: Tracy, its Dan. I think we were very early to tackle Child Victims Act stuff. Remember, we took our charge related to New York, in the first quarter of 2019. So I think, pretty far ahead of the market, we've been very cognizant of abuse, molestation and CVA type exposures. We are, as you would imagine, staying very up to speed on developments and potential developments, not only across the state, but with stories like Boy Scouts, where we're very cognizant of our exposures and what the latest news may mean for those exposures. And we continue to be quite comfortable with how those things are reflected in our reserves.
Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance produced $317 million of segment income for the first quarter, a 10% increase over the first quarter of 2020 driven by higher levels of underlying underwriting income, net favorable prior year reserve development in net investment income, which more than offset higher catastrophe losses. We're particularly pleased with the underlying combined ratio of 93.7%, which improved by 3.6 points, a little less than two points [ph] to that resulted from earned pricing that exceeded loss cost trends. The improvement also reflects the comparison to the net charge we took in the prior year quarter related to the pandemic. Turning to the top line, net written premiums were down 2% primarily due to lower net written premiums in the workers compensation product line as a result of the impact of the pandemic on payrolls. Net written premium benefited from strong retention, higher renewal rate change in a return to positive exposure growth, reflecting an improving trend in our customer’s outlook for their businesses. Turning to domestic production, renewal rate change remained strong at 8.4%, up 2.5 points from the first quarter of last year, while retention remained high at 83%. Written pricing for some time now has been exceeding loss trend, and is significantly improving the margins of our book. Importantly, we believe we have a high quality book of business in seek to maintain high retention. With that in mind, we continue to execute deliberately and granularly on an account by account and class by class basis, we remain exceptionally pleased with our execution. As for the individual businesses, in Select, renewal rate change increased to 4.5%, up almost three points from the first quarter of 2020. Retention of 78% reflects deliberate execution as we pursue improve returns in certain segments of this business. As I mentioned above, we're pleased with the segmented execution underneath the aggregate result. New business of $95 million was down $24 million from the prior year quarter, also driven by our focus on improving profitability as we remain disciplined around risk selection, underwriting and pricing. Importantly, we have not slowed down our commitment to invest in product development and ease of doing business, which position us well for the long-term profitable growth in this business. As an example, in previous quarters, we've highlighted our completely redesigned BOP 2.0 small commercial product, which includes industry leading segmentation and a fast, easy quoting experience. During the last three months, we rolled out the new product in an additional seven states, bringing the cumulative total to 30 states, representing approximately 60% of our C&P new business premium. We're encouraged with our agents adoption of the new product as both flow and new business premium are meaningfully improved as compared to the legacy BOP product. In middle market, renewal retains was strong at 9.1% up almost three points from the first quarter of 2020, while retention remained high at 86%. Additionally, we achieved positive rate on more than 80% of our accounts this quarter, a 10 point increase from the first quarter of last year. New business was down $12 million, driven by certain business units and geographies where returns are not meeting our thresholds. To sum up, we're pleased with our execution and further improving the underlying margins in the book, we continue to invest in the business for long-term profitable growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Todd.
Greg Toczydlowski: Good morning, Ryan. This is Greg. Yes, we absolutely are in -- the vast majority of our accounts are getting rate and as Alan said, with nine consecutive quarters with year-over-year rate change, certain pockets, of course, are becoming more rate adequate. And knell up just as a reminders we've shared with you in the past, we really empower our local underwriters to look at every single account based on its own merit, and that we think they've been doing a terrific job of retaining the book and continuing to get some pricing change across the portfolio.
Greg Toczydlowski: Just give you a little more color on geographies. But the thrust of a premium is still in the UK, but we've invested in infrastructure in the United States to capture some of that value that that Alan just articulated, but that we believe is going to take some time.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey, Brian, good morning. This is Greg. The short answer on that is, yes. And we saw that this quarter, as Alan said, on an RPC basis, workers comp was up. And obviously we don't project where exposure is going to go long-term. But we have shared with you that we are a broad solution of the economy. So as the economy hopefully corrects and improves, we'll see positive and payroll, mostly from new employees in shares. And certainly we'll see some of that on the GL side, with sales receipts increase and also.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, Brian. Margins to the -- you get two pieces of exposure coming through comp, one could be more workers, for which there's not really an expected margin benefit related to that, in and of itself, to the degree that wages go up, and we collect more premium for effectively the same risk, that's when we have historically set a portion of exposure can behave like rate, that's what you see that. So it's a little bit of both to the degree that workers are being added to the payroll that brings with it additional risk, higher wages bring higher exposure, as well.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, Brian, this is Greg. Really its two drivers in that. The first one, I mentioned in my prepared comments. We've really been trying to prove the profitability of that book and you can see that with the RPC increasing five points over the last five quarters. And so that's the primary driver. But we are still feeling the COVID impact, flow overall, and in terms of submissions from the volume from our agents is down also. But I would also say that's a secondary driver.
Michael Klein: Thank you, Tom. And good morning, everyone. Personal Insurance began in 2021 with strong profitability and growth. Segment income was $314 million and net written premiums grew 7%. The combined ratio of 90.3% rose about two points from the prior year quarter, primarily due to higher levels of catastrophe losses, partially offset by higher net favorable prior year reserve development. On an underlying basis, the combined ratio was a strong 85.4%. Before I turn to product line results, let me remind you that we have updated the presentation of certain financial and statistical data, for our automobile and homeowners and other product lines, to include the results of direct-to-consumer and International. This new presentation provides a more comprehensive view of product line results. Automobile delivered another very strong quarter, with a combined ratio of 81.8% an improvement of more than nine points compared to the first quarter of 2020. The improvement comprises five points of higher net prior year reserved development, and an underlying combined ratio that is four points better than the prior year quarter. These results reflect the ongoing effects of the pandemic, namely lower claim frequency due to fewer miles driven. That said, we have begun to see miles driven moving back toward pre pandemic levels as restrictions have eased and economic activity is picking up. We're actively monitoring current trends and incorporating them into our state specific pricing decisions, as we continue to balance business volumes and profitability. In homeowners and other, the first quarter combined ratio of 99.4% increased by 15 points relative to the prior year quarter. Driven by catastrophe losses of 22 points up over 11 points, with most coming from the February winter storm and freeze events and an eight point increase in the underlying combined ratio, primarily due to a comparison to unusually mild winter weather in the prior year quarter. Along with about two points of elevated fire losses, many of which relate to extreme winter weather, often resulting from the use of alternative heating sources. The increases were partially offset by five points of higher net favorable prior reserve development, which included the subrogation benefits of the Woolsey wildfire that Dan mentioned. Turning to domestic production, automobile net written premiums grew 3% with 14% growth in new business, while retention remained strong at 84%. Renewal premium change was about flat consistent with our plan to align pricing with our loss experience in auto. We are very pleased with our ongoing balanced execution in this line, which has resulted in 4% year-over-year policies in force growth at attractive returns. Homeowners and other delivered another strong quarter with net written premium growth of 12%. New business was up 21% from the prior year quarter, retention remained strong at 85% and renewal premium change was 7.7%. As Alan mentioned, we have achieved double digit new business growth across auto and home for each of the past nine quarters. Our ongoing new business success is driven by a combination of strategic investments and initiatives, including Quantum Home 2.0, IntelliDrive, and new and expanded partnerships and distribution relationships. In addition to delivering strong results for the quarter, we continue to roll out new and expanded capabilities to deliver value in the eyes of our customers. Recent examples include closing on the acquisition of InsuraMatch, our digital independent agencies that expands our capabilities to serve customers and distribution partners, improving our customer self service capabilities with the rollout of our new MyTravelers mobile application, continuing the rollout of our digital quote proposal to further enhance our agents digital capabilities, further expanding our new version of IntelliDrive into Canada and eight additional states. And adding digital auto discount in nine more states for customers who leverage paperless, telematics and mobile applications. In summary, we're off to a great start to the year and are well positioned to continue to deliver profitable growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure, Josh, it’s Michael. I would say very specifically, the restatement of the financial doesn't say anything about our commitment to direct to consumer, one way or the other, it's still an important capability for us, still a segment of the business we're investing in. Frankly, it got to the point where and you can see it in the restatement that we gave you, it was north of $400 million worth of revenue as of the end of last year. And it was a big enough portion of the business, frankly, that leaving it to the side of the line breakout on the P&L, didn't make sense. Not that it moved the needle on those numbers that much, but it was an important part of the business that we thought it should be fully included in the P&L statistics and then in the domestic production statistics, so that when we do make investments say in for example, marketing and advertising, that drive growth in direct to consumer, we want that to show up in the production results that you see. So I would say it doesn't indicate a change in our emphasis. And if anything, I would, I would say reinforces the importance of that business to us both as a business segment and as an essentially a place to continue to build and test and learn and build capability.
Michael Klein: Sure, this is Michael. Particularly the expense really is volume related costs and commissions think, report ordering. We do continue to make investments in the business and increase our investment level slightly, but really, the driver of the uptick in the expense ratio was just volume related costs in the business. And I wouldn't pay too much attention to a one quarter change, in expenses we still feel good about the expense ratio, the efficiency in the business.
Michael Klein: Sure. The new business flow is actually, when you think of some of the lines that we write, the situation we've been through economically speaking, can create more risks. So think of things like employment practices liability, think about some of the trends that have been in place for public company, D&O. So there are a number of things going on that at this point in time, it makes sense to really be prudent about the risk you're selecting. And we really actually feel quite comfortable with where our new businesses coming in.
Michael Klein: Sure, Meyer, good question. And I would say certainly, California is one of a number of states that continue to examine rate levels and premium relief. First and foremost we're working closely with state regulators across the country and continue to remain in contact and respond to requests for information. For the most part, our approach to balancing rate level of woodlots experience has been to manage it through rate and I've mentioned it before, but since the onset of the pandemic, we've actually now filed decreases in about 20 states across the country. California doesn't happen to be one of those. You may recall in later half of 2020, we actually provided an additional premium refund to California policyholders, partly in response to the ongoing dialogue with State of California. But broadly speaking, I would say remaining in contact in conversation with the Department of Insurance, including California and are working to be responsive to, again request for information and or requests for level adjustments, et cetera. So we just continue to monitor and manage the situation.
Alan Schnitzer: Good morning, Michael, thanks for the question. We stopped giving outlook on price change, but I'll make a couple of comments that hopefully are responsive. We are now several years into compounding year-over-year improvement in rate and price. The three sequential quarters prior to this one, I think in Business Insurance anyway, all made record prices. So that's pretty good progress, as consequences are improving. But having said that, the drivers of price change overall are environmental and still relevant. So, we expect that overall pricing and pure rate for that matter, we’ll continue to be at levels that that results in expanding margins for a while. Whether prices in particular lines go up, down or sideways. I don't think we're going to try to predict that, but it's all pretty rational, it's all pretty relative to the rate what we needed. And again, there's always a lot of focus on that headline number because that's what we provide. But we're looking hard at the granular execution underneath that takes into account all the variables of account rate adequacy. So we feel great about this pricing level, we are near all-time highs in pricing, and we expect to continue -- the favorable environment to continue for some time.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Ryan, I understand the question and probably the thought process behind it. There's no change in our approach to M&A and that's not to say that that we're not interested. Our shareholders should expect that all the time, we are evaluating transaction opportunities and thinking about them. And we often say some of the best deals we've done and the deals we didn't do. But that's not to say that we're not often looking and thinking strategically about what's out there. And so we have a view on all the things out there and all the markets we're in that might be attracted to us, and under what terms and conditions we'd want to do them. And I would have given you the same answer a year ago, or five years ago, frankly, and as we've said many times that the lens we would use for whether we would do a deal or not are doesn't improve our long-term return profile, does it reduce volatility? And or would it create shareholder value through some other important strategic benefit? So I mean, of course, we do the analysis as granularly and detailed as hopefully you would expect from us. But essentially, that's the lens and that hasn't changed.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, on a go forward view of rate, we actually didn't give a view of direction other than to say we expected to continue to be at levels that will continue to contribute to margin expansion. We're just trying to get away from given outlook and prognosticating. We feel great about what we achieved in terms of pricing this quarter and we feel very good about the outlook for pricing. In terms of workers comp. We said in in recent quarters that it feels like we're pretty close to making a bottom and turning around and we continue to feel that way. We saw progress in the quarter both in terms of pure rate, which was slightly negative but a steady improvement over the last several quarters. Premium change, as I said, including exposure was positive for the first time in a few quarters, which we think is really speaks to our customer’s confidence. So that was a really good thing. So that's what we would -- that's what we share about that. I guess the other point, I would say Elyse is, it turns out that the workers comp experience to COVID, at least so far, and we're being cautious about this, but at least so far, what we see in the data is that it's a little bit better than we expected and that could impact pricing going forward. I don't -- I think the likely result of that is maybe instead of hitting the bottom and inflecting positively, it hits the bottom and bounces around there a little bit before making the term positive. But again, not a bad sign, it's reflective of the profitability the line which is been very strong. And we continue to think we're making a bottom and moving towards a turn north.
Alan Schnitzer: I guess what we said, the comment was, of the three prongs to the lens as we think about reducing volatility is one of the virtues that we might look for. And I guess to your question when we think about our portfolio, we think about our capabilities, we think about the breadth and depth of our business, we feel great. There's nothing missing from our portfolio of businesses, we can we can keep going exactly the way we are and compete very successfully. Having said that, there are various opportunities and some of them could be for scales, some of them could be for products, some of them could be geography, I mean, there's all sorts of things that in one circumstance or another might contribute to an attractive acquisition opportunity for us. So it's hard for me to say, gee, this is what we're looking for. That's what we're looking for. Again, no gaps in capabilities, but potentially some opportunities.
