Michael Klein: Thanks Tom and good morning everyone. Personal Insurance grew income, revenue and policies in force in the second quarter with improved performance in both auto and home. Segment income for the second quarter of 2019 increased $105 million relative to the second quarter of 2018. Our combined ratio for the quarter was 100.2% an improvement of 4.7 points over the prior quarter, driven primarily by catastrophe levels that were nearly 7 points below last year. The underlying combined ratio of 94.6% was up 2 points from the prior year quarter driven by an increase in non-catastrophe weather losses and the impact on earned premiums related to the new Catastrophe Reinsurance Treaty partially offset by earned pricing net exceeded loss trend in agency automobile and a lower underwriting expense ratio. Weather losses in the aggregate were better than the prior year quarter and we're pleased with the overall results. Recall that the second quarter is our seasonally highest quarter in terms of expected weather losses. Turning to the top line, net written premiums for the quarter grew 6% with Agency Homeowners & Other leading the way with growth of 11%. Personal Insurance had strong retention in renewal premium change and record new -- domestic new business for the quarter. Agency Automobile once again delivered strong results with a combined ratio of 94% for the quarter, a 1.4 point improvement from the prior year period. The quarter benefited from a lower underlying combined ratio and lower catastrophe losses partially offset by lower net favorable prior year reserve development. The underlying combined ratio continued to benefit from earned pricing that exceeded loss trend including continued favorable frequency trends. In Agency Homeowners & Other the second quarter combined ratio was 104.5%, 9.1 points lower than the prior quarter due to lower catastrophe losses and higher net -- favorable prior year reserve development, partially offset by a higher underlying combined ratio. Higher non-catastrophe weather losses were the main driver of the 7.7 point increase in the underlying combined ratio to 92.9% as compared to the prior year quarter. While weather in total was favorable relative to the prior year quarter, a significant component of the weather activity came from non-PCS events this quarter in addition to PCS events that did not meet our catastrophe threshold. Turning to quarterly production. Agency Automobile retention remained solid at 84% with renewal premium change of 4.6% and a modest increase in new business from the prior year quarter. We remain focused on actions to grow this book at returns that continue to meet our objectives. Agency Homeowners & Other delivered another strong quarter. We achieved renewal premium change of 6.7% up 1.4 points from the first quarter and up 3 points from the second quarter of last year with retention remaining strong at 86%. The pricing we achieved reflects actions we're taking to address the higher loss activity that we and the industry have experienced in recent periods. New business was up 26% driven by our successful rollout of Quantum Home 2.0. QH2 continues to be well received and is performing as expected driven by sophisticated pricing segmentation and the ability for agents and customers to easily tailor the product to meet their needs. During the quarter we continue to make investments in the business. For example, we rolled out QH2.0 in three more states and the District of Colombia and QH2 is now available in 28 states. We remain on-track to complete the rollout in most of the remaining states later this year. In addition we announced several new initiatives. First, we've partnered with American Forests, the oldest National Conservation Organization in the U.S. to plant up to one million trees in connection with our initiative to encourage more customers to enroll in paperless billing, resulting in more efficiency for us, a better experience for them all while benefiting the environment. Second we're working with Wildfire Defense Systems to help provide loss prevention services in California that supplement local firefighters and other first responders in the event of a wildfire. This new service gives California policyholders an added layer of wildfire protection at no additional premium. It is also an additional tool to help us manage our exposure. These are the latest examples of initiatives that continue to position us well to deliver value in the eyes of the customer and to grow profitably while investing in the business. Now I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Sure, Mike. This is Michael Klein. I would say on the competitive environment we talked about it the last couple of quarters we certainly see as you can also find a moderation in rate increases being filed by our competitors. I think broadly speaking it's in pattern with the methods that we've been sending that we're moderating rate in response to the improved profitability. And I think we're working to be in step with the marketplace there. In terms of loss trend, we do continue to see upward pressure on severity in personal auto more than offset over the last couple of quarters with improvements in frequency. I think what we're working to do is to balance our pricing with the long-term view or trend over time and the outlook reflects the fact that we think we can do that and shift a little bit more growth in auto at attractive margins. So that's the view on our outlook. The one exception inside the outlook you'll note that we talk about the fourth quarter in particular and so I'll just remind you that as you look at the fourth quarter of 2019 and the comparison to 2018 there is a challenging year-over-year comparison there because we had both very strong quarter in terms of profitability in the quarter and in the fourth quarter of 2018 we recognized some of the favorable loss trend that we had been seeing throughout 2018. So there was a good guide catch-up in the fourth quarter of 2018. So broadly consistent with the exception of the fourth quarter which is really just a year-over-year comparison challenge.
Michael Klein: So we obviously disclosed the segment, we disclosed the components and you're talking about the delta. I would say, -- and we sort of talked about this in past quarters, the Canada -- the international book, which is predominantly Ontario auto, but broadly Canada has been underperforming. We're being impacted there by similar trends and experience that you've heard others in the industry talk about. We've got a game plan to work to improve that, but it's a challenging environment. I will say on a positive note, we've got the seven point rate increase approved by Ontario earlier this year. We have another rate increase on file with the regulators as we speak. And through that and some distribution management and underwriting actions, we're working to improve the performance there. But yeah, the delta there is really a drag primarily from international.
Michael Klein: Sure, and this is Michael. I would say the short answer to your question is yes, the Quantum Home 2.0 product is performing as expected as we monitor the loss experience there and in particular the data that's most credible still at this early stages is frequency, but the loss experience is performing as we expected in the product. And in this quarter really the miss on underlying is actually more than explained by the non-cat weather variance. I will take a step back and just talk to you sort of more broadly about homeowners profitability and just remind everybody that we have been talking about a bit of pressure on underlying loss experience in property some of that weather-related, some of that non-weather water-related. And while non-weather water wasn't a significant impact this quarter, it doesn't mean it's gone away. And so that's behind my comments about continuing to drive for price change in homeowners in order to address some of those underlying profitability challenges. But again, we think it's really weather-related and a little bit of non-weather water-related less about the product itself.
Alan Schnitzer: You know, Jay, we give you an outlook for the underlying underwriting margin in the Outlook section of the 10-Q and we do it by segment. So you can see there -- what it is that we're thinking going forward. In particular where -- in BI where we're calling for continued improvement really it's three things it's non-cat weather, it's -- we would expect improved results in international. And in the fourth quarter of last year you've got the timing impact of the fourth quarter auto adjustments, but there is a lot of levers we have to pull to manage overall margins and profitability and including price terms and conditions and we're working on all those things relentlessly in the market every day and that will impact premium that we put on books and that also will earn in over time.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Jay workers’ comp continued to be negative in the quarter. And we have given that as a separate statistic from time-to-time. We do it when we think it's relevant and we need to do it to clarify one thing or another. But there is some competitive sensitivity there and we don't intend to continue to update that number and probably would prefer not to give it to you now. But clearly the numbers that you see for rate in RPC and BI would be higher, but for workers' comp which is negative.
Alan Schnitzer: Mike, its Alan. On the loss trend of workers' comp -- I'd say broadly speaking it continues to behave well.
Alan Schnitzer: It's not mathematic, I mean the rate numbers are pretty pure just price calculation, although to some extent it could show up on the exposure side, right? So if deductibles went up for example that would be negative for exposure, but it would not factor into the pure rate calculation.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. So it's -- so what we're describing is the result of squaring triangles and coming up with numbers and then looking for causal factors in the environment. So there's a fair amount of estimation here and it's not -- there is no math formula that gets us to the answer to that question necessarily. But I would say broadly what we're reflecting in our numbers, we would describe it as a more active and more aggressive plaintiffs' bar. Now litigation finance is its own topic and we certainly read about, we can see numbers on that. We know more money is being raised for that as an asset class. We don't dismiss that as a factor. I will tell you that that is one aspect that at least now, this could change but at least now we're not seeing that as a particularly significant driver in what we're referring to as change in the tort environment. That could come. I mean we see the funds being raised for that. And so -- and by the way to the extent we see that and anticipate it that would get reflected in our loss PIKs as well, but we're not seeing that as a standout issue.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. So, Elyse we did give you some perspective on outlook for RPC in the Outlook section of the 10-Q. And certainly everything we know about loss trend goes into our pricing models and our view of rate adequacy and our view what rate we need to achieve our return objectives. I will say that that does come in on a lag basis. We've got to see it, we've got to put it through in our models to the extent there are regulatory filings there's a process there then you got to put it on the book it's got a earn in. So there is a lag between the recognition of these trends and the time price goes into the market and gets -- is put on the books. So it's a long way of saying that Commercial Auto was at an inadequate return before we saw some of these trends it just got worse. And I think to a large degree, the pricing that we're seeing now is reflective of longer term trends in Commercial Auto, although some of what we're seeing in the quarter will be reflective of recent trends.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. Elyse our objective isn't missed at high or low. Our objective is always to get it right. We're trying to come up with an estimate of losses. We price the product based on an estimate of losses and an interest rate curve. And so our objective is always to get the right price. And so we weighed through a lot of data. We've got terrific actuaries and experts that help us think through this we've got management input on top of that. And our objective is to just get it right. So can we tell you, boy we swung a big stick at it and we're done this is it. No, we can't. But we can tell you that based on everything we see in the data. And based on our experience we think we got the PIKs in the right place.
Alan Schnitzer: No. Not necessarily. And we don't disclose comp at that level, but not necessarily. But Ryan, I'm looking here for the data. My instinct is that there's not a big mix factor driving the overall rate change.
Alan Schnitzer: And Ryan the net effect of everything built this year was in the outlook for NII that Dan shared in his prepared remarks and that's in the outlook section of the 10-Q. So that would all be reflected in that number.
Alan Schnitzer: Yeah. Yaron, that's a hard one to pick here on the fly. We're talking about going back and looking at it. We've said for a few quarters that they were close one way or the other, a couple of quarters ago when we said, written was a little bit ahead of trend. It was -- now based on our new view, it's probably a little bit behind trend. Exactly what quarter-to-date the inflection point is hard to pick. There is a lot of estimation in all of it. We can tell you that as you heard Greg say in his prepared remarks, where we are today and it's not just rate, it's rate and exposure. Where we are today even taking into account our updated view of loss trend we feel like on a return basis, we're expanding margins.
Alan Schnitzer: Amit, I think we have said in prior quarters that we do see this thematically across liability lines. So whether it's bodily injury severity in personal auto or whether it's the CMP product or -- we have said we see it broadly. But we've also said that this is driven by a Commercial Auto underlying dynamic and the reason -- and I think we went into this a little bit in the fourth quarter, but the reason is there's a high degree of homogeneity to those losses. And so in terms of the plaintiffs' bars business model, there is just a lot of attractiveness to that as compared to other claims. Slip and fall for example, where it's going to be highly dependent or -- anyway more dependent on facts and circumstances and it's a little bit more complicated to litigate. But again, as we've said in the past, we do see this thematically and we are taking that into account in all of our loss PIKs. Just so far, it's been for the most part a Commercial Auto dynamic.
Alan Schnitzer: Amit, Greg did say in his prepared remarks that we did increase our loss PIKs for BI as a consequence of what we're hearing. So we are -- we think that the starting point was higher and the inflation rate from here is higher. As I said in my answer to a prior question, do we think we've taken care of all of this? We think so otherwise we would have done something different. Having said that, we're not trying to be aggressive or conservative. We're trying to get it right. Our loss estimates or yield losses go into our pricing. And so it's important that we sharpen the pencil and put our very best estimate on it and that's what we've done. And I think you can look back over some number of years in our business and our track record and whether it's in Commercial Auto or whether it's in Personal Auto or other issues, this is insurance loss estimates and underlying loss, I'm sure are going to change. And all you can hope is that you've got the right data, the right analytics, the right experience and the right expertise to see it and react to it. And we think if you look back over time in our business, we've done a pretty good job of reacting to that. And this -- it's unfortunate when it happens, but that's the business we're in and we think that we've done all the right things.
Alan Schnitzer: I would like to point out 2011 was a very different environment in terms of where we were in terms of rate adequacy and returns. So, it's difficult to draw a comparison. Every point in the cycle is different and I'm not sure there's a lot of comparison.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yeah. Terms and conditions is all net inside our book of business yield. When we talk about terms and conditions, we're predominantly seeing that on the larger portion of the property segment. So think insured value, thing deductibles, all peril deductibles, sub-limits, so that's where we're seeing some of those terms and conditions improvement. So as we make those changes on the renewal block that certainly has an impact from a favorable point of view from a loss cost net on the book of business.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hi. This is Greg. Yes, Commercial Auto as you can see in the quarter, we had an 8% change in net written premium. The predominant dynamic underneath that is broad RPC across the portfolio. We're clearly seeing the Commercial Auto challenges that we believe the industry is also. So it really isn't a segment of the book. It's a broad dynamic and hence the reason why we've been achieving RPC, so broadly across it.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yeah. Ryan, this is Greg again. Comp wasn't off materially. And obviously every month we pride ourselves in our pricing to the local execution very granular partnership with our distributions. So it depends on the accounts that are coming up, the loss experience that's associated with them. And we do our best in partnering with them, but can't really say that there was a comp dynamic drive and that it was really the exposures that came up for renewal.
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey Brian, this is Greg. First, when you do that math, you're looking down from a really strong period in the prior year and we've shared with you in the past all those strategic initiatives we've been executing in the business really to free up our underwriters and give them more capacity to be active in the marketplace. The word active, we'll use based on different environments in the business. Right now, active is really addressing what you said making sure that we do have the right terms and conditions and most importantly, the right adequate price on the product. And so, our underwriters have been using a lot of that capacity right now to improve the margins on the business and we think in terms of the book of business and your question on retention, we think it's a really high-quality book of business. And we do everything possible to work with our distributors to try to keep those retention levels up there while improving the margins on the business also.
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes Brian, this is Greg again. Sure. We see some of the industry statistics also where there has been an uptick in some of the larger states from a non-admitted point of view. Just as a reminder, we have two areas where we write non-admitted business. One in our north field business which is a less complex solution, a smaller business exposure you can think of it that way. And then we also use the non-admitted business across our property book of business. But as you said, certainly not a real big part of our product strategy. And that's because, we think, we've got really modular and customized product offerings and what we need to do to address terms and conditions in this market, our product portfolio has been able to do that. So, we've been comfortable with that portfolio mix.
