Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks Dan. Business insurance produced $365 million of segment income for the quarter, a significant increase over the prior year quarter with prior year development, underlying underwriting income, and net investment income all contributing to the year-over-year increase. The underlying combined ratio of 94% improved by almost two points, driven by more than a point of earned rate in excess of loss trends. A modest favorable net impact from the pandemic contributed about half a point to the improvement. As for the top line, net written premiums were 1% lower than the prior year quarter with strong rate and high retention mostly offsetting modestly lower insured exposures and lower levels of new business. As Alan mentioned, we are very pleased with the resilience of our top line in the face of the ongoing macroeconomic challenges. Turning to the domestic production, we achieved record renewal rate change of 8.2%, up four points from the third quarter of last year and almost a point from the second quarter of this year, while retention remained high at 83%. We feel very good about the headline number but as we’ve shared before, the quality of the execution and segmentation underneath the headline numbers are just as important.  To that point, while we achieved meaningful rate increases in all product lines except workers’ comp, our underwriters are making deliberate and granular decisions with respect to rate and retention on an account by account or class by class basis.  Thanks to our focus on continuous improvement of data and analytics at the point of sale, the quality of the execution is as good as I’ve ever seen. New business of $505 million was 9% lower than the prior year quarter. We attribute the decline to lower levels of economic activity as well as careful risk selection by our underwriters. In our core middle market business, for example, while submissions are up, our quote ratio is lower as we have taken a disciplined approach given our view of quality new business in the market.  As for the individual businesses, in select renewal rate change increased to 2.9%, marking the seventh consecutive quarter in which renewal rate change was higher than the corresponding prior year quarter. Retention of 80% was down a couple of points from recent periods, largely driven by policy cancellations that were deferred through the second quarter due to our pandemic related billing relief program.  In middle market, renewal rate change increased to 8.3% while retention remained strong at 85%. The 8.3% was up by more than 4.5 points from the third quarter of 2019 and we achieved positive rate on more than 80% of our accounts this quarter, up from about two-thirds in the third quarter of last year.  To sum up, we feel terrific about our results and execution in a challenging underwriting environment. We also feel very good about the investments we’re making for the future and the benefits we’re seeing from those investments. Those investments include enhancing the experiences for our customers and distribution partners, digitizing the underwriting transaction, and creating efficiencies. For example, we’ve recently launched multiple pilots to automatically incorporate data from our distribution partners’ agency management systems directly into our systems, substantially reducing the time and friction in the process while also improving data quality. We’re as confident as ever that our meaningful competitive advantages position us well for long term profitable growth.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom. 
Greg Toczydlowski: Yes, you bet. Good morning, Brian. First, we like our longstanding competitive and economic advantages that we’ve got out of that line, and that’s why we’re the largest writer in it in the U.S. Sure, there’s a little bit of pricing reductions going through that line right now and that always puts some pressure on existing margins, but we aren’t standing still. We continue to invest in our claim practices specifically around medical management sophistication, and our underwriters, we’re always giving them new tools and new insight to make sure our risk selection and our renewal segmentation offset some of those price reductions. Workers’ comp is just one piece of our portfolio. As we remind you all the time, we’re more of an account solution than an individual monocline writer, and we’ll continue to write our customers with accounts in additions to workers’ comp, so we continue to feel good about the portfolio and the future of that line.
Greg Toczydlowski: Well, both select and middle market are clearly going to follow the linear trend of the bureau’s loss cost recommendations, and so in the select business where it’s more of a flow business, where you file that rate structure, you feel it more there than you would in middle market where you have experience mods and discretionary pricing, and you look at the individual exposure rather than file it at a state level, so a little more sensitive to the reductions in select than you would see in middle market. 
Tom Kunkel: Thanks Greg. Bond and specialty delivered solid returns and growth in the quarter despite the ongoing headwinds of COVID-19. Segment income was $115 million, a $24 million decrease from the prior year quarter as the benefit of higher volumes was more than offset by a higher underlying combined ratio. The underlying combined ratio of 89% increased 5.4 points primarily driven by estimated losses from COVID-19 and related economic conditions. Given the products that we write, we expect the results of this segment to be impacted in times of severe economic downturn. We experienced that during the financial crisis and we’re seeing elevated loss activity in the current environment. We contemplate economic volatility in our underwriting and in our pricing, and as Alan said, in these circumstances we feel good about the returns we generated in the quarter. We expect that the underlying combined ratio will continue to be elevated at around this level over the near term. Turning to top line, net written premiums grew 4% for the quarter, reflecting strong growth driven by improved pricing in our management liability business, partially offset by lower surety production due to the continued economic impact of COVID-19 on public project procurement and related bond demand. In our domestic management liability business, we are pleased that the renewal premium increased to 8.1% driven by record rate. This marks the eighth consecutive quarter in which RPC is higher than the corresponding prior year quarter. Retention remained at a historically high 90%. These production results demonstrate the successful execution of our strategy to pursue rate where needed while maintaining strong retention of our high quality portfolio. We will continue to pursue rate increases where warranted.  Domestic management liability new business for the quarter decreased $14 million, primarily reflecting our thoughtful underwriting in this elevated risk environment. Similar to what you heard from Greg in business insurance, submissions are up while quote activity is down.  The bond and specialty results remain resilient despite the challenges brought on by COVID-19. We continue to be pleased with our strong execution and feel confident about our ability to navigate through this challenging environment and continue to deliver strong returns over time. Now I’ll turn it over to Michael to discuss personal insurance.
Tom Kunkel: This is Tom, Josh - good morning. When you think about surety, if you break it up the non-construction and the construction side, our regular non-construction surety is holding up quite nicely, but with all of the decline in tax receipts and the difficulties that various public bodies are having funding public works projects, that’s what is really driving the drop-off in surety written premium. You know, we will have to wait and see what the federal government does with any stimulus that might involve construction, because certainly states and other entities have shovel-ready projects. 
Tom Kunkel: They’re two different issues. As far as the projects stopping, unless they’re ordered to stop by government authority, I wouldn’t expect to see a project that is ongoing stopping. Then as far as the slower economy causing additional defaults, that certainly is possible. It really depends on the contactors’ and the surety’s portfolio and how sound their financial position was going in, and how they handle pursuing work or not pursuing work and shrinking the size of their company when times are lean. We take a lot of pride in our contractors when we manage that portfolio, and we think different sureties will perform differently throughout this.
Dan Frey: Sure. Mike, just to go through business insurance’s PYD just for a second, a quick recap of the summary. It ended up being about $220 million unfavorable all-in, that’s driven by about $295 million, as we said, on asbestos, then there was favorability from BI’s portion of the PG&E settlement, and I said that was worth about 20% of the $400 million, so that’s $80 million of a good guy. That gets you to about 215 compared to the 220, so the other moving parts you could think about are as net offsets, and those are favorable in workers’ comp, unfavorable for a single account in run-off from policies that we issued more than 20 years ago. And then, we didn’t mention the other lines because it was really very modest activity in the other lines, some pluses and some minuses that basically net to zero.
Dan Frey: Yes Ryan, it’s Dan. That’s right. As we’ve said, I think last quarter and this quarter, we’re trying to be cautious in our assessment of the net impact of COVID. There is some benefit in the shorter tail lines, but we’re trying to be pretty cautious in terms of how much of that we recognize in the current accident year.
Dan Frey: Ryan, I think we’ll do as we would do for reinsurance in any--going into any year. We’ll make an assessment of price versus risk and then decide what and how much we’re going to buy. I think I’d say in summary, we’re glad that we’ve had that treaty for the last two years. To your question specifically about do we go to a lower attachment, I wouldn’t think so. We’ve got a growing business and if anything, we probably would go naturally to a higher attachment point, just to reflect the growth in the business. But maybe we’ll buy that reinsurance again and maybe we won’t. It will depend how we feel about the risk transfer relative to the pricing that we can get, because again we’re writing with the idea that we’re a gross lines underwriter, and we said a couple years ago it felt like there was a little more uncertainty in the weather environment and so we wanted to have that treaty, and we’re glad we had it. We’ll see how that plays out going into next year.
Dan Frey: It’s quite all right. We said $280 million was the total recovery, $233 million went to cat and $47 million went to underlying.
Dan Frey: The split is a little different between the two. The cat split is about 50/59 PI/BI. The non-cat split goes more like 70/30 PI/BI.
Dan Frey: Elyse, it’s Dan. The aggregate is, as I just said in response to Brian’s question, is not a big deal to the underlying or business insurance in the third quarter, so it got about 30% of the $47 million that was non-cat, so you could think about that for BI as not being more than 20 or 30 basis points in terms of its impact on the quarter.
Dan Frey: Well, I don’t think I’d expect the COVID impact to cease as of September 30. Certainly the cat recovery, the treaty recovery is all contained in the third quarter and you could take that out for sure. I’m not sure anybody knows what exactly the impact of COVID is going to be in the fourth quarter.
Dan Frey: I think those are the considerations, Elyse, that will go into what it ends up being. I do think to the degree that we can get some bottom line growth, we would be in a position to continue to see some leverage on the expense ratio. But as we’ve said a number of time over the last couple years, what we like about productivity and efficiency that we’ve generated is it gives us the optionality of whether we make additional investments in places that we feel are going to provide a bigger bang for the buck down the road, or let some of that come through the bottom line. All it was really trying to communicate was that we don’t--we’re not seeking a dramatic change in the expense ratio from where we are right now.
Dan Frey: It’s Dan. I’d say both, which goes to the comment that we’ve made a couple time about being cautious in our view of the net impact of COVID, and we’ll continue to consider that as we think about the product on a go-forward basis.
Dan Frey: Yes. At the same time, we certainly don’t think that social inflation has gone away, and so our long-term expectation is that the sort of elevated levels of losses that we’ve seen related to social inflation probably persist.
Dan Frey: I think Jimmy, there’s still overall economic uncertainty, right, so even as we sit here today, what’s the depth and duration going to be of economic downturn, is there going to be a second dip in the economy, how quickly are COVID cases going to be brought under control, how quickly are things going to reopen, there’s just still a lot of uncertainty that could impact both our top line and the loss environment in which we’re operating, so we’re choosing to be a little cautious here still. Clearly through the third quarter, on top of all that, we had a very active cat quarter, so it just didn’t feel like the right time to be restarting buybacks.
Dan Frey: Meyer, it’s Dan. I’m not sure I quite understand the question. The reserves will be a result of the loss picks that we made in the current accident year during the quarter.
Dan Frey: Yes, I wouldn’t think so. I think the comment that Alan just made a few minutes ago around the impact of courts being closed and settlements being down, we see some disruption in the data but we’re not taking that as a favorability in the development patterns that we’re assuming on a long-term basis. 
Dan Frey: Yes, so that would be one of the many things that gets factored into our pricing. Obviously it wouldn’t just impact us, it would impact the economy more broadly, and as Alan said a bunch of times, I think if we feel like we’ve got a level playing field with our experience and our risk section expertise, we’ll do just fine. But for sure, it will be an input into what the pricing environment needs to be going forward. 
Alan Schnitzer: Well clearly, Mike, written rate is ahead of loss trends, so we’re definitely making progress at these levels, and we’re not going to give pricing outlook but we do choose our words pretty carefully. I’ll tell you that the fact of the matter is that for us and for the industry broadly, there are just many lines of business that are not yet rate adequate, and the drivers are clearly environmental. On the loss side, social inflation isn’t going away. We’ve got weather losses, we’ve got wildfires that are burning. As you pointed out, interest rates are lower for longer - that’s going to be a driver of the outlook for returns. We do have some capacity issues in some lines as there are some markets that are pulling back on capacity, so we think this broader environmental--all of these broader environmental trends will continue to provide positive momentum in the marketplace.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, you know, we’re reluctant to put a number on that. I think we’re not going to do it, Ryan. Frequency - you know, it does develop, but it develops certainly a lot more quickly than severity does. You know if the phone rings or if the phone doesn’t ring, but I think we’re going to leave it as we recognized some of it because there was enough of it that we couldn’t not recognize some of it, but we’ve been pretty cautious in the assessment.
Alan Schnitzer: Ryan, before Dan answers that question, I’ll just insert that I think the treaty actually worked just fine. It was the weather that didn’t work so well.  Dan, do you want to take--
Alan Schnitzer: The other thing I would add to that, Ryan, is--and Dan’s exactly right, we bought that because we wanted to acknowledge the incremental uncertainty that we felt after some wildfire losses, I guess in ’17 and ’18. But as I mentioned in my prepare remarks, we’ve taken pretty substantial steps to try to get that risk-reward in balance, so that would also factor into our view of the value of that reinsurance treaty and the terms we can get it on next year.
Alan Schnitzer: Or what weather volatility is going to look like. I think we’re going to get away generally from trying to forecast margins, but happy to take modeling questions offline if that’s helpful, Elyse, to the extent we can.
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, I’d just add to that, that we’re underwriting that commercial surety book, the construction surety book today the same way we did in the financial crisis, and it performed pretty well through that. We can’t give any assurances - who knows, but we feel pretty good about our underwriting practices and the people who are making the decisions to put business on the books.
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, we think about that a lot, so I appreciate the question. Maybe someday offline, we’d love to get your thoughts on it. Our view is from an economic perspective, the losses are going to be what they’re going to be, whether they get reflected in a cat line or in an underlying line. Frankly, we report the numbers we way we manage the business, and we think that there is a level of loss activity that is defined as a PCF event that is in a working layer, if you will, and that ought to be managed day in, day, out, year in, year out by the underwriters that are managing it, as compared to a catastrophe loss which we obviously define as a higher level which gets managed and addressed over a much longer period of time.  We think it’s the right way to manage the business. We think it’s the right way to talk about the business internally, and we make the decision to talk about it externally the same way we manage it internally. I get that it might from time to time cause some modeling issues or definitional issues, but we think the consistency and the thoughtful approach to managing it is sort of the right way to run the railroad. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yes well, we think the answer to that is yes, and if you look at written rate versus loss trend, margins are improving from here. We’re not going to give guidance so I’m not going to predict whether we will or whether we won’t, but certainly interest rates and investment income are an input into our pricing model, and so there’s certainly a very direct link between the investment return we’re getting on the product and the price we’re charging for it.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so just to be clear, we look at rate versus loss trend on a written basis, and that’s the rate number you see in production statistics, and we’ve shared before our view of loss trend. That one point was sort of the earned impact of rate and earned loss trend, so two different bases there. You know, at this point where we’ve got rate in excess in 8% and we’ve got loss trend which we shared last quarter we view on a long-term basis at 5%, yes, there’s some uncertainty but that gap is big enough that we feel some confidence in that. It’s true that in the circumstance like this where you’ve got a disruption in the economy and some disruption in the data coming through, and in the claim process there’s a little more uncertainty than usual, but as I shared previously, what we’re seeing in losses is actual favorability. Again, not perfect clarity into it and it’s going to take some time for us to get more clarity and for that uncertainty to resolve, but the thing that we’re not reacting to is favorable news, not unfavorable trend.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s certainly a possibility, and we contemplate that. Yes, there is some favorability in non-COVID related frequency, but we do contemplate when we think about longer term trends and when we think about the profitability of the product, that there could be down the road some increased severity due to really delayed access to healthcare, so we do contemplate as a possibility.
Alan Schnitzer: I guess what I can share is we didn’t see anything that caused us to believe that there was any deterioration in those trends, and what we saw was, again as I said a few times, favorable. We think the extent to which it’s favorable is a temporary phenomenon, so I guess that’s how I’d answer the question. Nothing in the quarter that caused us to think anything was deteriorating. 
Alan Schnitzer: I think, Jimmy, I’d repeat what we said last quarter, which is when we look at our data, we look at the data coming out of rating bureaus, we would think that we are somewhere near an inflection point. Whether it’s now or in the coming quarters, not really sure, but we would expect in the relatively near-ish term for that pricing to come back to negative, and then turn positive. It’s impossible to pick the exact quarter or date that’s going to happen, but that would be our near term outlook.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, we certainly expect reinsurance pricing to go up - that’s one of the factors that’s driving our pricing and the pricing generally in the primary market going up, and we think that’s going to persist. I guess the thing I would add as it relates to us is we are, as we’ve said many times, a gross line underwriter. We like our underwriting, we intend to keep it, and so compared to many of our--many in the industry, we buy on a relative basis less reinsurance, and frankly we could buy even less than we do. We could buy a little more, we could buy a little less depending on the risk and reward that we see in that purchase. To the extent that we’re relatively less reliant on reinsurance than others, the fact that reinsurance pricing’s going up is probably a benefit to us.
Alan Schnitzer: Taxes are an input in the income statement, like any other expense, and so it flows through the models.
