Alan Schnitzer: Thanks Gabby. As bittersweet as it is, we have one last piece of business before we open it up for questions. I just want to acknowledge and thank Brian MacLean, who will be retiring at the end of March after a spectacular 30-year career and, after today, something like 53 consecutive earnings calls. He’d never take credit for it, but we owe so much of what we’ve accomplished over so many years to him. He’s been a great colleague to so many and he’s been an important partner and friend to me. Thank you, Brian. With that, let’s open it up for questions. 
Alan Schnitzer: Yes Kai, good morning, it’s Alan. Thanks for the question. It’s all the things that we talked to you about quarter over quarter in terms of our ability to pull levers and manage profitability, and I’ll remind you that exposure is a piece of that, and that significant portion of exposure contributes to it, but so does selection and mix and the way we segment and the way we price the product claims handling, risk control, expense management. All of those things contribute to our outlook on profitability in the underlying combined ratio.
Alan Schnitzer: Kai, just reflecting back on your other question, you were talking about the pricing outlook, and I would just remind you that, as Brian shared with you, that assumes that in BI, the non-cat weather and elevated fire losses, and for that matter in PI, the non-cat weather will both return to normal levels by historical standards. Obviously weather and large losses are going to be what they’re going to be, but the outlook reflects that as well. In terms of the benefit from tax reform and what’s going to happen to it, we--as I tried to express in my prepared remarks, it goes into the mix of everything else that we use to generate the prices we need, so yes, I do think that it will fall to the bottom line.
Alan Schnitzer: You’ve got to remember that when we talk about underwriting margins, we’re talking about dollars, and combined ratio we’re talking about combined ratio points. That’s a function of the written volume, for example, and everything else that goes into the mix, so it’s a combination of all the things that impact margins and combined ratio. I’m not sure how else to express that.
Alan Schnitzer: Amit, it’s Alan. You know, we tried to give you a perspective by line to really address that because putting workers’ comp aside, and that is its own story, the price increases we were able to achieve in the quarter were broader than just the properly lines. As I shared in my prepared remarks, I think the more significant factor driving the pricing is where margins were, certainly for us, and that’s probably true relative to the industry. So you know, I can’t tell you exactly what the industry is going to do or what’s going to happen, but I can tell you what we’re going to do, and that’s to thoughtfully and in close coordination with our agent and broker partners continue to push for rate where we need it to improve the outlook and trend of returns.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, on your question about expenses, we’re going to try to resist the temptation to break out the go-forward perspective on the loss ratio versus the expense ratio. We give you an outlook on the combined ratio, at least qualitatively, because you get into some judgements and a level of precision that is probably further than we’d like to go, at least from an outlook perspective. Jay Benet did say in his opening remarks, or maybe it was Brian, that looking at the full year was probably a better perspective on the outlook, and I will add, just following up on our comments at our recent investor day, that productivity and efficiency are important strategic initiatives for us. We’ve seen that benefit of that this year. We’ve got real productivity and efficiency enhancements on the shop floor right now, and we think there’s more to come, and what that does for us, it’s not necessarily that we’re trying to dial in a much lower expense ratio. What we’re trying to do is create all the benefits that come from operating leverage, so we can take those incremental dollars and, as I’ve said before, we can let them fall to the bottom line, we can use it to invest in important strategic capabilities, or we can put it into pricing, and it really is that flexibility that we’re looking for going forward. But in terms of the outlook, we’re going to stick with the broader commentary on overall margins.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes Elyse, we’ve said for a long time that our long-term outlook, and again that’s long-term perspective for all of business insurance, is about 4%, and really no change on that. There’s some texture underneath by line, for example. I’m not sure what your question was about RPC, but rate contributes to margin, and there’s a portion of exposure that’s obviously part of RPC that also contributes to it, so I’m not sure if that’s the texture and color you were looking for.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, so Elyse, I would say think of RPC as having two components - one, pure rate, and two, exposure. Of the piece that’s exposure, a portion of that behaves like margin and there’s a portion of it that has real loss content in it and doesn’t. So you know, RPC needs to be above the overall loss trend in order for us to consider margins to be expanding, and you could look at those numbers and you’d say, at least on a written basis, we’re getting close. Although, we do think--I do think over time that insurance like most other businesses, pricing ought to keep up with inflation, but I would say that given where we are now and in terms of the outlook and trend for returns, we’re looking to do a little bit better than just offset inflation, were looking to expand margin.
Alan Schnitzer: I would just direct you back to Brian’s comments where he gave you a view of pricing by line, so price is positive in every line outside of workers’ comp, higher both sequentially and year-over-year. We can follow up with you and walk you through the math if that’s helpful.
Alan Schnitzer: Good morning, Paul. What I can tell you is that tax reform for us and others who are similarly situated obviously just makes us a more competitive buyer relative to a non-U.S. taxpayer who previously had the benefit of some structural advantages, structural tax advantages. Those advantages have gone away, so that levels the playing field, so relatively speaking we’re a more competitive buyer, so that’s changed for sure. What hasn’t changed, Paul, is either our lens or our propensity to do transactions, and by that I mean we are always looking for opportunities, both organic and inorganic, and when we can make them happen on terms that are attractive to us, we’re going to try hard to do that. As I’ve said before and just to reiterate it, we’re going to try to do deals when it improves our return profile, lowers our volatility, or provides us with other important strategic benefits, so maybe our positioning relative to others changes but our lens or propensity doesn’t. The other thing that won’t change is our capital management strategy. We will continue to think about and allocate capital the same way we have historically. I guess given tax reform and all other things being equal, there’s probably higher earnings and capital to put to through that capital management filter, but our thought process around capital management doesn’t change.
Alan Schnitzer: Jay, it’s Alan. We don’t talk a lot to our distribution partners about the way our competitors price. It’s a competitive marketplace, and they do what they do and we do what we do. I will tell you that just in terms of our process, we do a lot of work and we’ve got a lot of talent out there in the field, and our underwriters are out talking to our distribution partners about accounts 90, 120 days out to make sure that we’re working in partnership with them and making sure that we’re sharing with our customers why we’re doing what we’re doing. So you know, we’ve got, I think just a tremendous field organization and I think they’ve done a great job. Obviously we do operate in a competitive marketplace, and so I do think that what you see in our results is to some degree a reflection of the market. I’ve always thought that there are probably two reasons that maybe we have a little bit of incremental pricing power. One is just the franchise value we bring to the marketplace in product breadth and risk control and claims--an unbelievable claims organization, and I think that our agent and broker partners are proud to sell that and I think our customers see value in it.  The other advantage I think we have to some degree is data analytics. It’s about risk selection and pricing, and we’ve been a pioneer for a long time in not just data analytics but delivering that data and analytics to the screen of the local underwriter at the point of sale. So I do think those two things probably give us a little bit of an advantage, but certainly there is a marketplace dynamic to what we’re able to achieve.
Alan Schnitzer: I’m not totally sure I understand the question, but I think it’s more of a value than it is unit, right? You increase the value of a unit and it’s that increase in exposure that behaves more like rate. When you actually add another unit of exposure, you have another unit of loss content, so I think that’s the right way to think about it.
Alan Schnitzer: You know, I guess the way we think about that is the tax line is an expense line like any other expense line that we work into our pricing models, and to the extent that we’ve got a level playing field and aren’t at a disadvantage in that regard, I think again on a relative basis from a pricing perspective, that helps. I would say after M&A, and maybe even before M&A, that that’s a significant factor in terms of a level playing field.
Alan Schnitzer: I think the same math applies to all of our pricing models for all of our products, so I don’t think I would make a distinction there. 
Alan Schnitzer: I’m not really sure how to answer that question. I do think across all of our businesses, we’re pretty well leveraged and pretty well positioned to benefit from an improving economic environment. In terms of--you know, if you’re asking about growth in GDP by small enterprise versus large, I don’t know that I’ve got a better view on that than you or anyone else. If you’re talking about our own market position, small versus large, there’s so many things that go into growth and we actually don’t think about it that way. We execute, as you’ve heard us say many times, at a very granular level, so whether it’s small or large, we’re trying to keep our best business, improve the profitability on the business where we need to, and do a lot of hustle in leveraging our competitive advantages, trying to generate new business. When that very granular strategy adds up to growth, we grow, so that’s the way I think about it and we don’t really think about the small differently than the large from that perspective.
Jay Benet: This is Jay Benet. The reason I gave you the pieces is that the effective tax rate is always going to be a function of the relationship of the tax-exempt interest to the total interest, so in whatever modeling you’re doing, you need to come up with what you believe the tax exempt interest is going to be, apply a 5.25 tax rate to that, and then everything else that’s U.S. domestic will be at the 21% rate. So the effective tax rate is going to move, but again that’s the way of calculating it.
Jay Benet: Yes Yaron, I don’t think you’re doing the math entirely correctly. There’s a lot of different pieces underneath the net written premium change, which I think you’re trying to back into, so we’re certainly, as Alan said earlier, very much focused on where some of the more distressed lines are - automobile and the catastrophic exposed areas of property, but we’re also pushing ahead on all the products, so the math doesn’t come out where we’re flat on all the other product lines.
Jay Benet: Hi Jay, it’s Jay. As Alan just said, the way we think about capital management hasn’t changed, so we’re always going to try to fund growth, we’re always going to look for opportunities to create shareholder value, and to the extent that we continue to create excess capital, we’ll manage it the same way - returning it to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and the driver of that is the earnings of the play. So no change there, and what we’ve said in the 10-K and the 10-Q all along with regard to that still holds.
Jay Benet: If the calculation you’re doing is looking at the supplement, taking some view as to what the average asset base would be for the munis, applying the rate that we show in the supplement as the earnings rate on that, you’ll get the pre-tax muni NII, apply 5.25% to that, and you’ll have that component of the tax accrual, and then the rest, whatever you’re assuming with regard to the non-muni income, not just NII but underwriting, apply the 21% to and you’ll get an effective tax rate.
Jay Benet: Brian, just one comment on top of that. Looking back over significant cat events over the years, the impact in the large property book on rate is usually two, three, even sometimes four quarters out, the peak of that, so we’re optimistic that there could be more to come, but that’s just looking at the historical trends. 
Jay Benet: Actually, it’s not something we actually calculated, so I think we would suggest you do the same thing - just look at what the NII was for the tax exempt portfolio and then for everything else, apply the 21% rate. But we haven’t done the calculation.
Jay Benet: Well just to add, the information is in the supplement, so maybe it’s something Gabby can follow up with you on.
Jay Benet: Just as a follow-up to your tax question, in terms of the going forward approach to calculating an effective tax rate, what I said is absolutely on point - there is a little bit of foreign income that’s taxed at a slightly different rate, but that shouldn’t matter. That will matter more this year than in the future because of today’s 35% tax rate versus the future.  But one of the other things that we should point out, and you’ll see it in the press release, we did have a favorable tax settlement earlier in the year that would have affected this year’s effective tax rate, so if you’re going to a pro forma for this year, you have to take that into account. Then in addition to that, I mentioned in my commentary that we did some tax planning initiatives in the year that had some impact on the effective tax rate as well, so really the calculation you want to do is not about this year, it’s about going forward.
Michael Klein: Hey Ryan, it’s Michael Klein. Thanks for the question. The short answer is no, it doesn’t reflect anything beyond what we expected. It’s just the follow-on steps in our existing game plan, and I think when you think about pricing, think of it in three pieces, so the written rate we’re going to achieve in 2018 is partly based on the rate we have already filed in addition to the rate we’ll file in ’18, and so that drives a lot of our rate outlook. What I think you’ll see as you look ahead to 2018 is RPC in the first half of the year will be higher than the numbers you see on the page from the first half of 2017, and the back half of the year will be lower than the numbers you see for the back half of ’17. Importantly, on an earned basis since written rate has accelerated through ’17, earned rate will actually rise in 2018 relative to 2017, so that’s sort of the way that we think about it. But no, the broadly consistent RPC outlook doesn’t reflect anything unanticipated in our loss experience.
Michael Klein: Thanks Amit, appreciate the question. I think if you think about just the broad themes on auto, what we talked about in 2017, our objective was to improve profitability and manage growth, manage meaning being reduced. As we think about our objective for ’18, it’s really to try to achieve more balance between growth and profitability in auto, and I think you can certainly see as we talked about last quarter, we felt like we turned the corner on auto profitability in the third quarter. You’re seeing in the year-on-year adjusted underlying combined comparison that improvement accelerating, but again consistent with our RPC outlook, still work to do there. So again, we’re looking to achieve a balance between profitability and growth in ’18, and then as that profitability continues to improve, we’ll look to resume growth. But right now, we’re trying to level off and then move it forward.
Michael Klein: Brian, it’s Michael. Thanks for the question. I would say where you started is probably where we start, which is we’re not at target returns yet and we’ve got work to do. I think consistent with Alan’s comments in the opening, a lower tax rate sort of helps move us closer but doesn’t get us all the way there, so when you think about it from a filed rate and a regulatory standpoint, we certainly see and actually have seen just this week news from some regulators on the fact that they are thinking about the tax rate and looking to apply it in some of those conversations, but generally speaking it doesn’t change the direction we need to move rates, particularly in auto. We still have work to do there to get to target returns, and we’re going to continue down that path.
Michael Klein: I would say all else being equal, but again to Alan’s point earlier, you’ve got expenses, you’ve got loss experience, you’ve got investment yield, a whole bunch of things that go into that mix, and it’s just one factor that we need to consider.
Michael Klein: Meyer, this is Michael. Thanks for the question, and appreciate it because Brian did give you the overall outlook for the segment, but there’s a little bit of texture underneath. So if you think about auto specifically when you see the 10-K outlook, what you’re going to see is our commentary there is for improved margins and combined ratio. The home outlook, on the other hand, is broadly consistent both from a margin and a combined ratio standpoint, assuming more normalized levels of non-cat weather activity. When you put those two pieces together, you get improved margins and a slightly improved combined ratio in the aggregate. Part of that, I guess the other factor is as auto premium is growing more than home, and auto carries a higher combined ratio, mix impacts the adjustment in the combined ratio. 
Michael Klein: Thanks Sarah, it’s Michael. I want to just put a point on Brian’s comment earlier about reflecting seasonality to start with. So if you’re looking at Page 15 and you’re looking at the 101 for the full year versus the 104 for the quarter, that is pretty consistent with the seasonality we would typically see in the quarter. In terms of how long it takes, I think we’re certainly optimistic, and as we said last quarter, we feel good about the progress we’re making towards our target combined ratio and see that continuing as we look ahead into ’18 and ’19.  I think with the outlook that we’ve given you for RPC, you can sort of make your own estimate of what the earned rate will be, apply a loss trend and get to an earned combined ratio pretty quickly, and I guess at this point as we look at our experience, we don’t see anything that would cause us to tell you to do it any differently. 
Greg Toczydlowski: Hey Elyse, this is Greg Toczydlowski from Business Insurance. In terms of your first question, think about a point in terms of where large losses and non-cat weather are relative to our longer term expectations for 2017, and that would be a good way to think about a going forward perspective. 
Greg Toczydlowski: Brian, this is Greg. I’ll start with the small commercial one. We’ve been focusing on the small commercial business for a number of years now, really trying to get the margins to a place where we feel very comfortable with them, and we are very much within our target thresholds of where we want to be from a small commercial, so we’ve had a deliberate set of execution around our rate plan there, so that’s the first element around why you see a smaller level of rate in small than middle. The second one really is around our express business, which think of it as the straight through processing of small commercial, really has a more prescriptive flat rating environment, and so when we see some of the pressures of rate reductions in workers’ comp given the extraordinarily profitability on that line over time, we see that more immediately impact that business. Those are the two reasons that are driving the small commercial.
Greg Toczydlowski: Given the hurricanes were in the third quarter, we’re very pleased with our agility one quarter in, in terms of what we’ve been trying to do on the national property side. As Alan said, we think franchise value matters, and we’re seeing that inside our numbers where we’ve been able to push thoughtfully and, at the same time, retain the book of business.
