Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This morning we’ve released solid underwriting and investment results with record net and operating earnings per share for the quarter. Operating income was $919 million, generating an operating return on equity of 16.4%. This brings our full year operating income to nearly $3 billion and operating return on equity to 13.3%. That’s in line with the 13.5% average annual operating ROE we’ve delivered over the last ten years. During the year, we grew adjusted book value per share by 7% after returning more than $3.2 billion of excess capital to our share holders. Overall, our underwriting results for the year were strong as evidenced by our consolidating combined ratio of 92%. Underwriting results in business and international insurance were solid, and once again, we posted impressive underwriting results in bond and specialty insurance. Despite the disappointing impact of higher than expected personal auto bodily injury losses. Our personal insurance combined ratio for the year was 95.1%, demonstrating the value of having a balanced homeowners and auto personalized business. In our commercial business, we continue to be successful in the execution of our marketplace strategies. That resulted in continued historically high levels of retention and positive renewal premium change in the quarter, all of which reflects stable environment. In our core middle market business peer renewal rates change improved by 4 points from the third quarter as we continue to execute at a very granular level to achieve our written return objectives. I shall hear from Brain in terms of new business, we continue to be quite active in terms of submission and quote activity, but also fall in terms of underwriting discipline. Turning to personal insurance, as you've seen, the results by line were mixed. Our homeowners business once again produced excellent results and grew net written premium for the first time since 2011. In our Auto business, we're clearly disappointed by the underwriting results. During the fourth quarter, bodily injury losses were higher than expected and they developed unfavorably for the first three accident quarters of 2016 and the back half of 2015. Our claim data, the public chatter we hear from others in the marketplace and other third party data, all calls us to continue to believe that our experience is principally environmental as opposed to specific to us or a Quantum Auto product. Whilst trends change in our business, and as I've said before, our objective is to recognize it and react to the data we have as quickly as possible. We're taking actions to improve the personal auto profitability, and Brain will address this in more detail. Before I pass the mic to Jay Benet, let me conclude with this. 2016 was another strong year adding to our long-term record of delivering superior results. We entered 2017 with a great deal of momentum, and we're well positioned for continued success. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jay Benet.
Alan Schnitzer: Paul, it's Alan. I would add to that that it's not just a market dynamic, it's in our execution dynamic. It's a very granular, as Brain said, account-by-account class-by-class. And I think in some respects and importantly it's the franchisee value we bring to the marketplace. So we look at an account and we figure out what we need to do to achieve the written objectives that we have. And I would say probably speaking we've been speaking.
Alan Schnitzer: Paul, I'd say that we see a lot of the same trends in the businesses. There are different businesses. They have different starting points. The coverages aren’t exactly the same; for example, on the personal line side, you've got uninsured and under insured motors, that's not such a factor on the commercial side. So I would say, broadly speaking, the trends are consistent. We see consistency across them. But the results don’t actually come out the same for a whole host of reasons.
Alan Schnitzer: No, I wouldn’t think we haven’t seen it. We have seen. It has impacted recent years. We see a lot of the same trends. But on the auto side, it's largely private passenger. On the commercial side, you've got a lot of trucking. So you've got different dynamics there. Also it just manifests itself differently. And on the commercial side, I mean on the personal line side, auto was obviously a bigger contributor to the segment more in terms of volume, so it just manifests itself more prominently. On the BI side, obviously, commercial auto is a smaller piece of whole, so it manifests itself differently. So we do see very consistent trends across books.
Alan Schnitzer: The one thing I would add to that, Larry its Alan. The profile of the business that we’re attracting, we actually like it. We look at the profile of all the business coming in, and if we didn’t like that profile, we would have the defending answers for you. But fundamentally, we like it. We just like it at a higher base rate.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s an interesting question. And I guess instead of answering that specific question, let me just back-up because my guess is there is a lot of questions on the call in terms of change administration, macro environment, how it’s going to change, a lot of different things. And so maybe I’ll just back-up. We are very return focused in the way we think about this business. It is the lens which we evaluate just about every decision that we make. And so, we calibrate our return expectation to our cost of capital. And so there are couples of things going on that could impact cost and capital. For example, if the risk free rate goes up, cost of equity goes up. If the tax rate goes down then our after-tax cost of borrowing theoretically goes up. There could be other things in a change in tax policy. But if you just started with those two simple assumptions, you would look at that and say, gee, if the risk free rate goes up and if the tax rate goes down, you would speculate that our overall cost of capital would go up. If our overall cost of capital went up then our return objectives would go up with it.
Alan Schnitzer: In other words, they definitely co-relate. But we think -- we’re hopeful there are things we can do to offset that and try to lever up the home growth.
Alan Schnitzer: I know this won't be totally satisfying, but I think we need to go back to the answer we gave, which is we look at the accounts that are up for renewal every quarter and we try to figure out what we need to do to achieve our written objectives. And it's every single one of those transactions, or every portfolio on the flow stuff, really evaluated one at the time that rises up to that number. So, we don’t think with a broad brush. We don’t go out to the market and say get 1.4 points of rate in middle market. We say this is our overall return objective, and go out and execute one account or class at a time to get there. And we will when we get to the 10-K give you an outlook on RPC. So we haven’t showed that yet, it will be in the 10-K when it comes out. But we never forecast on uniquely on peer rates.
Alan Schnitzer: So the margin compression that we've had this quarter and the last few quarters has been relatively modest. And this quarter and in past quarters, it's been within other things that cause volatility in the period-over-period comparison. Most notably, this quarter and probably recent quarters weather and large losses. So, when we give you that outlook and yes we did say broadly consistent, we're certainly not measuring to the basis points, but probably consistent within a relatively narrow range. That takes into account lots of things rate, loss trend, mix, claims handling initiatives, other strategic objectives. So it really is an all-in assessment and we try not to focus too narrowly on that narrow rate loss trend. You’ve got exposure in there too, contributing to margin. So, it really is a [technical difficulty] when it comes to our outlook on margin.
Alan Schnitzer: Jay, good mornings, it’s Alan let me start. It’s really hard to answer that question without knowing what the board or adjustments going to look like. And we’ve all read it depends on whether it’s characterized as an export or an import and whether the dialogs or defaults to the new bill, and we’ll see where that comes out. I think broadly speaking, as it relates to us in reinsurance, I think, our answer would be, we’re by enlarge a gross line underwriter. We like our underwriting. We like to keep it. And we buy reinsurance in pretty modest amounts. And so, if there were tax adjustments that change the cost of reinsurance, obviously, we could look for alternative providers of reinsurance. We could buy a little bit less, buy a little bit more. But it would come down to evaluating the individual transaction. But I think the broader point for us is reinsurance is just isn’t that big deal for us.
Alan Schnitzer: I would say it’s a pretty broad range. It depends on the state, and even there, it depends on two things; one, our experience in that state; and the rate need, but also recent rate fillings in that state right, because there is a cumulative nature to it. But certainly, it’s getting bigger than what you’d seen earlier in 2016. And we expect more the same during 2017 to try to close that gap of 3.5 points.
Alan Schnitzer: Elyse, good morning it’s Alan. I would say that we go about as far as we want to go and getting outlook. And we’re pretty hesitant to start breaking it down to the component pieces. Part of our strategy, at least on the auto side, was obviously reducing expenses. And you’ve seen that come through to some extent already. But going forward, we prefer not to break out the pieces.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, as it relates to reserving, as well as pricing and loss mix, so particularly year. We’re not assuming in any of the work we do this year or in any previous years that whatever the inflation environment that currently exists. And I have to say, it's an inflation environment related to the specific drivers of losses in our product as opposed to the general level of inflation. But we never assume that things are going to stay stagnant. There is an underlying assumption that things will overtime reverts back to the mean. And as you can well imagine, there is a great deal of actuarial judgment, management judgment, as to what that means. So - and looking at the reserves as they exist today, looking at how the development patterns have manifested themselves in the lost triangles, we come up with what our best estimate is of the future payments that we will be making. And if those best estimates are lower than what the carried reserves are, we’ll make adjustments for it. But it is factoring in a long-term view as to what the levels of inflation might be.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, thanks for asking, Jay. There's nothing fundamentally novel about those transactions. And as you can imagine, we look at them from time-to-time. So far, we haven't seen terms on one of those deals that we found attractive enough to do. And I'm not sure what else to say about it.
Michael Klein: Michael, this is Michael Klein from Personal Insurance. I’ll take a crack at that. So, I think you will see the rate increases start to flow through in the first quarter. As Brian said, we began making rate filings in the fourth quarter, really in response to what we saw in the third quarter. Rate filings that we’re now making as we looked ahead to the first half of the year reflects the increased loss of content that we saw in the fourth quarter. Importantly, you don’t see a lot of the fourth quarter rate filing activity in the production statistics, just because of the timing of those rate increases. They went in November and December, largely impacted renewals not until December. And so, it’s really a timing issue in terms of not seeing and show-up in the fourth quarter of this year. But we would expect that you will see the rate momentum start to build in the first quarter of 2017, and continue from there. In terms of the starting point for 2017, I would say two things; first of all, as Brian mentioned that 3.5 points that you see on the webcast slide. He mentioned that represents a gap that we’re looking to close. And so in other words that 3.5 points is built into our base-line expectations as we start 2017. And then we’re taking trend and forecasting in actual word from that point. So, the starting point does include that 3.5 points of additional losses and the gap that we’re looking to close.
Michael Klein: I would say that just to clarify, so Brain mentioned the 3.5 loss trend. That is an elevated loss trend relative to where we've been. So the forecast, importantly, I think, it's important to take away that and includes both the increased base-line and a higher trend estimate going forward than we had in the past. It's modestly higher but it is a bit of an increase at front.
Michael Klein: Yes, I think, that's exactly right. I think it's a combination of additional development on the periods that we saw before, and an additional quarter’s worth of data that again reflects the fact that that adverse development continues through the end of the year. And we've made our best estimate based on the information Brain just described.
Michael Klein: Thanks Kai, this is Michael. I would say a couple of things, and let me give you a little bit of the moving part underneath this growth in the fourth quarter. We do expect, as we put rate into the marketplace and put additional rate into the marketplace, that our win rates will decline. So on the business that we quote, do we convert it? We’ve actually seen, in 16 states that Brian mentioned, our win rates have come down as we put that rate into the marketplace. So, think of that as our batting average, our batting average is dropping as we put rate into the marketplace. The reason this growth is up in the fourth quarter is actually largely driven by the fact that we ended up with more as fast than we expected in the quarter, so quote growth is actually elevated. So we’ve got more played appearances, if you will, but the batting average, the win rate, has actually come down in response to the rate. Again, we think some of that is timing, some of that, as we mentioned in the last quarter, the ultimate impact of the actions we take depend somewhat on the fact that we’re in a competitive environment, and the impact on growth and a little bit on what happens in the marketplace. So our perception of what happened in the fourth quarter is we took rates so did the market. The rate impacted our batting average, but the rate also drove business into the market, which drove that quote growth. So the PIF growth is really a quote growth story, not a conversation rate story. In terms of your question about expectations, as we looked ahead, our actions are focused on two things; improving profitability and managing growth. And we expect, that’s why I give you a little bit of analog for 2017 rate looking ahead into the first quarter, we would expect rate will rise and growth will drop as we look into first quarter. What ultimately happens will depend on how those actions play out in the marketplace.
Michael Klein: I think that's possible. We've certainly talked about the fact that our auto growth has -- one of the benefits of our auto growth has been growth in home. That said, we’re doing what we can to mitigate that impact. And we've got specific actions we're taken from an agency management and a distribution standpoint and in another areas to try to make sure that any impacts from the rate actions in auto don’t have any impact on our ability to grow home. We’re trying to continue the momentum that we have in the home line into 2017.
Michael Klein: Amit, this is Michael. I would just to clarify the comment. So the comment was 60% of our quote volume. So, again think of that as that’s a new business statistics, right. So, the 16 states that we filed-in so far, those represent roughly 60% of our new business quote volumes; not exactly the same as 60% of the book, just a point of clarification. I would say the majority of the rest of the states have rate filings plan for the first quarter. And so broadly speaking, we will have made rate filings in the majority of the states where we have the auto product by the end of the first quarter. We also have additional rate actions planned for later in the year. And that obviously is all subject to regulatory approval and regulatory constraints to the timing and the amount. But I would say the first round ought to be in market by late in the first quarter, and then we've got follow-up actions on the drawing board as we look into the remainder of 2017.
Michael Klein: Yes, I think, and again I think it's, this is Michael. I would say just to reinforce what Brain said. When we talk about the 10 year effect, what we’re really trying to do is just isolate the impact on the loss ratio from the relative age of the business, if you will, right. How tenured it is? What renewal it is at? And as Brain said, it's essentially a mathematical exercise that estimate what that component is or was. And then the rest of it, the environmental turn that we talked about the 3.5 points that's in the full year loss ratio, is absolutely the gap that we’re actively working to close. What we do in the meantime is we monitor the performance of the tenuring and try to isolate that, and make sure that that is developing as we expected. And that analysis has remained relatively consistent, and is why we continue to have that same 2% estimate a quarter later.
Brian MacLean: Michael, just let one -- this is Brian. I would also just emphasize, obviously, thinking through the written versus earned dynamic with the rate. And as we obviously get it on a written basis, it has to earn-in overtime; hence, my comment of 18 to 24 months to work-through the 3.5 points.
Brian MacLean: Paul, this is Brian. I will start, I’m sure there will be follow ups to this. But broadly speaking, we feel good about the trends that we see. When you look across the data on the renewal book, we continue to see some, albeit modest, but pretty consistent improvement in what we’re seeing. And we’re encouraged by that. We think that might be somewhat reflection of the market. But fundamentally, I think it’s a reflection of our execution. Our strategy on our portfolio remains incredibly consistent, and that is to look at in on a very granular or account-by-account or class-by-class basis. And simplistically, for the really well performing business, keep it at the best price that we can keep it at and the appropriate price, and then work hard at improving the rest of the portfolio. And when we look at that granular level, we feel really good about the momentum and also feel good about the aggregate statistics. So directionally we feel positive.
Brian MacLean: Larry, this is Brain. And I'll start with, there’s a lot in your question. And we do believe it's a fundamentally environmental issue. We would never say it is definitively exclusively an environmental issue. As I think I said last quarter as I'm sure I said last quarter, Quantum 2 is a relatively new product that we’re working now. And accordingly we are very atoned to looking at how it is performing and always looking to improve it. I would not agree with your statement that we are late to seeing the fundamental trend of what's going on in bodily injury severity. And without doing a long history, you can go back 2011, 2012, 2013, we were talking about this a lot, distractive driving and speeds are not brand new things, and we were talking about it then. We got to ’13 and talked about a elevated level of bodily injury, and we were hoping that that would remain pretty constant. And we went through about two year period, 2013, 2014 into 2015, where we saw very constant, again elevated levels but constant with our expectations, of what we were getting in bodily injury. In fact, 2014 has developed favorably and we continue to see that. And what we are talking about now is another increase in that trend. And we’re talking about very, very recent accident periods, and looking at the data and responding, I think pretty quickly. And so I think there is a bunch of things. Further on the comment of, you’re sure it’s not Quantum 2. We’re sure it’s not exclusively Quantum 2, because when we look across our business the same fundamental trends are in the legacy book of business, are in the Quantum 1 book of business, are in the Quantum 2 book of business, are in the business insurance business. It’s in industry data. It’s without the carriers. So it’s not exclusively a Quantum issue. With that said, we are very granularly looking at how that product is performing, state-by-state sell-by-sell and reacting. So, I know that, and that’s this probably sounding way more defensive than I should, but it…
Brian MacLean: There is nothing fundamental in terms of trends changing there. There is always going to be some normal volatility from quarter-to-quarter and things that drive the exposure. But there is really nothing fundamental that we would identify as a trend.
Brian MacLean: Yes, so a couple of things. So I think of the 10 year impact as being discreet from the bodily injury trend. And so the 10 year impact is just the math of the maturing of the book of business. And in fact where it goes in 2017 is a function somewhat of what growth rates do. It will likely increase in 2017 slightly, as the growth that we've seen in the back half of 2016 earns through the business. But I think of the 10 year impact is more of just the arithmetic of. I don’t think of it is a new business penalty as in a BI where you’re pricing differently.
Brian MacLean: I thought I might add a little. Obviously, the question goes to at what point will new money yields exceed maturing yields. And obviously, the actions before this quarter gets us close to that point. But we’re not yet where we need to be. We’ve done a fair amount of work on it in the last few weeks, and using a whole bunch of assumptions, which would take long times really. We think that where taxable is being replaced by taxables, we reached that point sometime in the first half of 2017; for municipals replacing municipals closer to the first half of 2019. Obviously, a lot is going to be determined by the shape of any tax legislation as a very extreme, if you needed, a revenue neutral bill and the municipal exemption itself were affected, that would be non-trivial. If corporate rates were simple, and individual rates were simply lowered and the relative value of municipal were affected then they’ve already achieved it. That would be less important to us. But in the bottom line is where is, what I think you’re getting at, we’re not quite there yet.
