Gregory Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance had another strong quarter in terms of both top and bottom line results. Segment income was $656 million, up more than 60% from the prior year quarter, driven by prior year reserve development, higher net investment income, and higher underlying underwriting income. We're once again particularly pleased with the quarter's exceptionally strong underlying combined ratio of 89.2%, our best second quarter result ever. For modeling purposes, property losses for this quarter were about a point favorable to our expectations. Net written premiums increased 7% to an all-time second quarter high of more than $5.5 billion. Renewal premium change was once again historically high at 10.1% with renewal rate change of 6.5% driving the majority of the strong pricing. Retention remained excellent at 85% and new business was up 9% to a record quarterly high of $732 million. In terms of pricing, we're pleased to sustain strong levels of renewal premium change, which was double digits for the fifth quarter in a row. The strong pricing was broad-based with renewal premium change in every line other than workers' comp at or pretty close to double digits. In terms of pure renewal rate change, we're pleased that the exceptional granular execution by our field organization reflects and appropriately balances the current return profile and environmental trends for each line. In terms of sequential rate movement from the first quarter, CMP, auto, umbrella, and workers comp all increased. Umbrella and auto led the way with double-digit rate increases. Renewal rate change in our property line moderated, driven by the National Property business, reflecting strong returns after several years of substantial compounding rate and improvements in terms and conditions. Even with these strong pricing levels, retention was improved or flat in every line other than property, where some large accounts in our National Property business in particular traded away to the subscription market this quarter on terms we weren't willing to accept. As for the individual businesses, in select, renewal premium change was exceptionally high at 12.3% with the renewal rate change of 5.3%, up a point and a half from the first quarter and more than 2 points from the second quarter of last year. Retention remained healthy but ticked down a bit from recent periods to 83% as we begin to purposely optimize our risk return profile in a couple of targeted geographies and classes. New business remains strong and increased 8% from the prior year quarter. We're pleased with the impact that our production, product, and platform initiatives are having in the marketplace and building a high-quality mix of business and driving profitable growth in this market. In middle market, renewal premium change remains strong and consistent with recent levels at almost 10%. Renewal rate change of 7% was up more than a point from the second quarter of last year and has now been at or around the 7% mark for the fourth consecutive quarter. Retention also remained strong at 89%. A new business of $383 million was the highest ever second quarter result. Lastly, fresh off my most recent round of field visits, I couldn't be more pleased with our team's execution, ideation, energy, and enthusiastic adoption of the tools and capabilities that have come from the strategic investments we've been making. And our distribution partners were once again crystal clear about our team's value and shared many examples of how our local teams, the best in the business, distinguished themselves. These trips continue to highlight for me the value of our high-performing talent in training curriculums, as well as the dividends we are receiving from our investments to be the undeniable choice for the customer and an indispensable partner for our agents and brokers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Gregory Toczydlowski: At least. This is Greg. Good morning. Yes, you can see in the webcast the individual pieces of select and middle market. And select is up, and middle market is flat. And I did call out that National Property is the primary driver of that slight deceleration.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes, Greg, maybe just start with the bigger picture, the total business. 7% is a really good result given the attractive margins in this business right now. And you pointed out some of the individual business units. When you look at them from quarter-to-quarter, a number of items can have some level of variation, including booking lags, reinsurance processing, things that Dan just referenced. But in terms of the aggregate results, I'd point you as close as they are, the quarter to year to date, I'd point you to the year to date number, as that's a better indicator of how we're feeling about the top line of the business right now.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Hey, Ryan, this is Greg. Yes, we're not seeing cats disproportionately across any of the business units in Business Insurance. And it's just our normal good housekeeping and selected that we're going through and looking at the book of business and understanding parts of it where we need to get a better risk return profile. And folks certainly aren't going to share the individual geographies as that's market sensitive, but that's what's going on underneath that statement.
Gregory Toczydlowski: I mean, it was a little bit of a factor of force this quarter in Business Insurance. Not huge, but it did have that impact this quarter. And so, when we do think about our weather, obviously, we're managing it as one, but there's a lot of what we would report favorably or unfavorably in small weather that you would see in the catastrophe line of some of our peers.
Michael Klein: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. In Personal Insurance, an excellent underlying underwriting result and strong net favorable prior year reserve development drove a significantly improved bottom line result relative to the prior year quarter, despite another period of elevated industry-wide catastrophe losses. The underlying combined ratio of 86.3% reflects nearly an 8 point improvement compared to the prior year quarter, primarily driven by higher earned pricing in both automobile and homeowners and other. Continued strong price increases in both auto and home drove 9% growth in net written premiums. In auto, we're pleased with another quarter of improved profitability and with the underlying fundamentals of the business. The second quarter combined ratio of 97.9% improved more than 10 points compared to the prior year quarter due to a lower underlying combined ratio as well as favorable prior year development. The underlying combined ratio improved more than 8 points, driven by the benefit of higher earned pricing and to a lesser extent lower losses from physical damage coverages. For modeling purposes, we view roughly 2.5 points of the improvement in the quarter as non-recurring. In homeowners and other, the second quarter combined ratio improved over 16 points compared to the prior year quarter, reflecting a lower underlying combined ratio, as well as higher favorable prior year development. While catastrophe loss dollars were similar to the prior year quarter, they had a smaller combined ratio impact as price increases continue to benefit earned premiums. Catastrophe losses this quarter, primarily resulting from severe convective storms, again significantly exceeded long-term industry averages. The 28 PCS designated cat events were the most ever for a second quarter and 150% of the historical 10-year average. Our catastrophe losses in the quarter were consistent with our market share. And for context, our average annual cat losses over the last five and 10 years remain below our market chart. This most recent experience will of course be reflected in our models going forward and we will continue to weigh our recent experience more heavily in our ongoing process of optimizing our exposure, underwriting, and pricing. The underlying combined ratio of 77.6% improved 7.6 points, due in large part to lower than expected fire and non-weather water losses, as well as the benefit of earned pricing. For modeling purposes, we expect approximately 5 points of the improvement in the homeowners and other underlying combined ratio to be nonrecurring. Turning to production, our results reflect the ongoing execution of a granular state-by-state strategy as we balance profitability and growth across the portfolio. In domestic automobile, retention of 82% remains strong. Renewal premium change of 15.8% continued to moderate as anticipated. Auto renewal premium change will continue to gradually decline, reflecting the improved profitability on the line. While new business premiums were higher than the prior year quarter in many states, new business premium in aggregate was down slightly relative to the second quarter of last year. This is the result of our continued efforts to manage auto profitability in a few remaining challenge states, as well as the cross-line impact resulting from some of our property actions, particularly in high-risk cat areas. Production results in homeowners and other reflect our focus to manage growth, while improving profitability. Renewal premium change increased sequentially to 15.1%, reflecting higher rate change, while retention remains strong at 85%. We expect renewal premium change to remain at this level through year end. As we intended, new business and policies enforced declined, reflecting our efforts to thoughtfully deploy capacity. To sum up for the Personal Insurance segment overall, we're pleased with our progress as we continue to deliver improved profitability. We're confident that the actions we've taken and continue to take will result in a profitable growing portfolio of personalized business over time. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Abbe.
Michael Klein: Yes, Greg, I think it's a great question. I would say, to your point about is it consistent with what's going on in the marketplace, it's interesting. The one peer you're talking about is the one peer with those results, not everybody else inclusive of us. So I would take a step back first of all and say, certainly kudos to them and the results they're generating and the success that they're having, but it's really not us who's the outlier. And then underneath that, I think, again, I tried to detail it for you. We are having success in the geographies that I'll say are the ones that aren't noisy and generating new business growth in those places where we like the auto margins and we're not impacted by some of the property actions, number one. That growth is, if you just look at the auto line by itself, being hampered by those challenged geographies. And then I also think that it's important to think about the differences in our strategy and our book of business when you look at our auto growth numbers, right? We are predominantly a package writer of personal lines business. The competitor that's growing auto is not predominantly a package writer of personal lines business. And when you look at the challenge of geographies from a property standpoint and you look at the independent agent channel, what you find in the marketplace is that, in many of those geographies in order to write the property, the carrier is insisting on also writing the auto. And so, if you are a competitor that's less dependent on auto business that brings property with it, you're not as challenged by those marketplace dynamics in those high-risk property geographies. So those are -- I think those are some of the things that explain the differences. But again, I would come back and say we're very pleased with our ability to generate auto new business growth in the places where we're not challenged by those factors. The other thing is, if you were to look underneath the new business growth numbers, first of all, you can see in aggregate auto new business growth is much better than property new business growth. And particularly, in those challenged geographies from a property standpoint, our auto new business is down, but it's not down nearly as much as the property new business in those geographies.
Michael Klein: Sure, Jimmy. I would say, in terms of pricing, we continue to see renewal premium changes and price changes working their way into books of business across the industry similar to what we're seeing. I do think it's important when you look at our renewal premium change number though, to distinguish between what's coming through renewal premium change and the rate that's being filed for go-forward business, right? What you're looking at when you look at our renewal premium change number and many renewal premium change numbers across the industry is the lagged effect of the rate that's already been taken. When we look at filing activity for ourselves and for others, you see a much less significant amount of rate filing this time this year than you would have seen this time last year. And so again, what you're seeing in renewal premium change in auto is the lagged impact of that. In terms of your question about advertising, certainly we see increased advertising amongst some of our competitors who are big advertisers across the industry. In marketplaces where we bid for demand, where we bid for leads. We see the prices of those leads going up. That's reflective of that increased advertising spend and that increased appetite for leads. But I think that both of those things, I think, demonstrate that what you're seeing is improved profitability in auto across the industry and a pivot towards profitable growth very consistent with the conversation and the messaging that we're sharing.
Michael Klein: Sure, Josh. The biggest driver of the policy count decline in homeowners is the reduction in new business. You see where the retention holding relatively steady. And so for the most part, new business production being down is what's driving the [PIF] (ph) decline. I'll also say that, sort of consistent with my comments earlier, the new business reduction in the cat challenged states is down more significantly than the new business reduction you see in the production highlights as we work to manage the distribution of our property exposure. There is some limited non-renewal activity that I would say is really twofold. One is normal course, good hygiene, evaluating the worst performing risks in the portfolio and taking action on them. The other is, some targeted non-renewals, again, as we manage the geographic distribution of our exposures and manage growth in some higher concentration, higher cat geographies. But again, those actions are all intentional and the new business reductions, as I said in my prepared remarks, really are as intended as part of our efforts to improve profitability.
Michael Klein: Meyer, I think it depends on the quarter. The non-cat weather in Personal Insurance sometimes will see a benefit because much of the weather gets classified as a cat. That actually was the case in the second quarter of last year. That was less so the case this year. When we talked about the underlying result this quarter, I talked about the fact that it was really fire and non-weather water losses, just to put a point on it and really didn't talk about non-cat weather, because in this quarter, it really -- we had both elevated catastrophes and we had about what we expected from a non-cat weather standpoint. So, in some cases, you'll see a little bit of an inverse relationship depending upon sort of the footprint of the weather and how significant the events are. But they're not always inversely related or directly related for that matter.
Dan Frey: Hey, David, it's Dan. So you're right. We've seen umbrella in the general liability lines require some strengthening in the last few quarters. As we said in prepared remarks, we think that we're being proactive in reacting early and being decisive in meaning that we're being reasonably comprehensive in a meaning -- by reacting in a meaningful way to what we're seeing. I think the confidence we have is two pieces. One is, we are reacting both to the changes in actual versus expected and allowing for longer development factors going forward on the very recent accident years. So for the most part, we haven't even seen these claims come in yet, but we are allowing for the fact that when claims come in, they're likely going to cost more and take longer to settle. And then I think importantly, the 2015 through 2020 period has held up pretty well, given the actions that we had taken through the end of 2023.
Dan Frey: Yes, David, it's Dan again. So I'll take that. So I'll start with the second part first. So every time we have an impact on PYD, we reevaluate, is that going to have an impact on current loss year, jump off point, or loss trend. We had said last quarter that we had added beginning last quarter some IBNR to the current accident year. So we had already taken some action. The changes that we made in PYD have some carry forward impact on the umbrella line, but there's puts and takes across a variety of lines. And when you blend them all together inside of Business Insurance, it did not result in a big movement. In terms of the overall movement in BI's underlying loss ratio, you've got the big parts. There's still some benefit from earned pricing. Greg called out the fact that property losses, other than cat, were about a point favorable than our expectations. Other than that, in any quarter, you're going to have a half a dozen things that move favorably or unfavorably from mixed to base year to the impact of reinsurance, and you're seeing the net of those things. Nothing significant in there in terms of those individual movements.
Dan Frey: Yes, Elyse, it's Dan. So I think it's a pretty narrow range. We're giving you that it's three accident years, 2021, 2022, and 2023. I don't really feel the need to break it apart between the three. And it's a little bit more of the same, right? Things have continued to come in a little higher, whether it's attorney rep rate or severity, jury awards, all of those things, lengthening of the tail. What we're doing this quarter is, again, both reacting to what did we see that came in differently than what we would have expected and adjusting the development factors that we're going to use going forward? And that's what we mean when we say we think we're being proactive and decisive in this quarter's action.
Dan Frey: Rob, it’s Dan. So not really. Pricing was about in line with what we would have expected. I'll just remind you that although cost of reinsurance might have gone up a little bit, we're getting price increases on the direct side, so the margin impact is insignificant probably, if any.
Dan Frey: Yes, Jimmy, it's Dan. So, if you look at the reinsurance detail we gave at the January 1 renewals and now again at July 1 renewals, we're not really holding onto more. We tend to buy more tail coverage on big cat events. The attachment points have gone up, but the attachment points have gone up naturally as a result of the growth in the premium base and the growth of the insured values. So what's coming through our net result is not really any impact from less use of reinsurance.
Dan Frey: And Brian, in terms of any specific state change that you mentioned, our product managers are looking at that at the state level. They're estimating what some of the bills and changes are. And we factor that in the pricing over time as we see those trends come in. So if there's a new reg out there and we think it's meaningful, we certainly are going to take an estimate at that and how it plays out in the marketplace.
Dan Frey: And that's the important point, Mike. When you look at the various things that impact the bottom line, underlying underwriting income has been a much bigger, much more reliable contributor to that. And when you think about the earnings power of the Travelers, that's an important contributor. And, well, I'll leave it at that.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Rob, good morning. It's Alan. That is really an evaluation of our own data. We think we probably have the market relevance to understand what's going on more broadly, but that's based on our view of our data.
Alan Schnitzer: And Greg, I would just point out at a very high level. Michael points out some distinguishing characteristics of our Personal Insurance business, there are some significant benefits from that business model. I mean, obviously, it's having the impact it's having on growth, but there are some significant offsetting benefits to that business model, and we're well on the way to sorting this out.
Alan Schnitzer: Josh, I think we're very comfortable with being a net underwriter. We think that we've got the data, the analytics, the culture to manage this the right way. And you can't expect a reinsurer to take on losses without conveying a margin to them. And so, when we look at the strength of our underwriting, we think that there's a real advantage for us in being largely a net underwriter.
Alan Schnitzer: Hey Ryan, let me start there. So in terms of what we're seeing, no, it's not -- actually not a predominantly auto issue. This is a combination of economic inflation and social inflation driving claim activity into the Umbrella line in short. And economic inflation sort of speaks for itself. Social inflation, it's an aggressive plaintiff's bar. It's third-party litigation funding. It's sympathetic jury. It's the exact same constellation of factors we've been talking about, just a little bit more pronounced. In terms of our ability to see it sooner, I honestly don't think it's a function of our book of business or our limits or anything else. I think it's a function of our data, our analytics, and really importantly, our culture. We've got a culture that looks for this, that sees it. We've got a very, very important and very valuable feedback loop among our claims professionals, our pricing actuaries, our reserving actuaries, and our underwriters that can put together a story very, very quickly. And it's actually a competitive advantage. As Dan highlighted in his prepared remarks, the ability to sharpen a view of lost costs very, very early in the life of immature long-tail lines is a huge advantage. It's a difference on whether you're subject to adverse selection or inflicting adverse selection. And we think this positions us very well. Again, it's very, very early. These years are predominantly IBNR. And the returns that we're looking at in those years actually continues to be very attractive. So I get the interest in it. Believe me, we're interested in it, too. But our ability to see this and react to it really is a competitive advantage for Travelers.
Alan Schnitzer: Brian, what I would say about workers' comp loss trend is that, we continue to look at it based on long-term basis and frequency and severity both continue to emerge favorable to our expectations. So there's nothing we're seeing out there that's necessarily adversely impacting that perspective, but it's a long-tailed line and we're going to have a lot of respect for the duration of the liability.
Alan Schnitzer: So Brian, we are predominantly a standard lines writer and we will continue to be that for the foreseeable future. We're not changing any stripes here and we've had substantial E&S capability for a very long time. So, for a long time a lot of our National Property business has been written on E&S paper. We've got our Northfield E&S business. We've got our Lloyd's business, some of what we do, in our Bond & Specialty business is written on E&S paper. So it's been a capability that we've had for a long time. And there have been ebbs and flows of business in and out of E&S for a long time. And so, part of this is what's been flowing into it and our ability to capture it. In addition, as we've seen an attractive E&S opportunity, we've leaned into it a little bit. So think what we've done with Fidelis and our acquisition of Corvus, and those have been contributors too. So this isn't a changing of strides by any stretch of the imagination, but there's an opportunity out there and we're participating in it at very attractive margins.
Alan Schnitzer: I don't really know how to answer that, to be honest, Meyer. And we'll see over time whether there's any significant impact at all from Chevron. I mean, I hesitate to speculate on that at all and maybe it depends on who the regulators are in place and how that changes from one administration to the next. But I'm trying to decide whether I want to answer this off the top of my head or not, because it's not something that we've really rung our hands over. But if you imagine that regulatory activity is a contributor to loss activity, the impact of that decision on the Chevron document, you'd expect might be a good guy, frankly. But I think it's too early for us to make that call.
Alan Schnitzer: Mike, I think we're going to try very hard not to give outlook on pricing. But I will say that from here, we would expect renewal price change continue to be positive and strong and in particular, driven by casualty. Now, whether that means up a little bit or down a little bit in one line or another. I don't really know. But I would say we expect it to remain relatively strong. There's a lot of uncertainty out there and you've heard from others about their experience in the casualty lines. As we look at the schedule P's, honestly, we expect there to be more of that coming from the industry. When we look at our position relative to the industry position, we would expect there to be more coming from the industry. So I would say positive and strong, particularly driven by casualty.
Alan Schnitzer: Mike, so thanks for listening. I think the main gist was sort of there was a period of time where underlying underwriting income was a pretty steady level. And it was a long period of time. And that was a period of time when written premium growth was sort of ticking around low single digits for a fair amount of time. And then when we started to accelerate the rate of top line growth again around 2016, and did it at consistent margins. The point was, that just translated into a much bigger base of pretty reliable underlying underwriting income. You can't quite go so far as to say it's just going to come in like the tide, but you look at the last five years where we -- before 2020, we had never reached $2 billion in after-tax underlying underwriting income. We crossed $2 billion in 2020 and stayed there. Then we crossed $3 billion in 2023. And in the first half of the year, we're up 30-something percent compared to that. So it was -- I sometimes think that people don't think of us as having grown, but really the underlying earnings power of the franchise is just in a completely different ballpark than it was five or six years ago.
Alan Schnitzer: So a lot there Bob and I'm not -- honestly, I'm not sure what the question is. The workers comp book continues to be extraordinarily attractive. We are the market leader and very good at it. We like the business. We like the returns. We feel great about the balance sheet position. I mean, if there's a specific question there, let me know so we can be responsive.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. So, I mean, we've had favorable development in the workers' comp line for many, many, many quarters now. And I don't know what it's going to be next quarter or the quarter after that, but I can tell you that we continue to feel positively about the balance sheet reserves sitting behind the workers' comp book. In terms of frequency and severity, look, frequency has been on a long-term secular decline. And, again, we're not going to project where that's necessarily going, but it's been on a long-term secular decline that the pandemic and the work from home that's followed it, it's probably too early to make a call on it, but at the margins, that's been probably positive. And if people came back to work and it ticked up a little bit, that wouldn't be particularly troubling for us because as we think about where frequency and severity go from here, as we've always done given the duration of the liability, we are very respectful of those two things. And so we continue to book frequency and severity as if it's going to go back to long-term trends. And so, we feel fine about the line and where lost trend is and where it could go.
Alan Schnitzer: I mean, pricing in homeowners broadly is up, driven by rate. New Jersey is actually been a challenging place from a homeowners pricing standpoint. And it's one of the reasons we're actually dramatically shrinking the book of business in that state. And it's really driven by the loss environment. So, New Jersey is been, again, a challenging environment from a loss standpoint, and the regulatory challenges there are really the driver of our need to shrink that book. If we could get approval for the rate that we think we need then we'd be happy to write business there, but right now the regulatory dysfunction is a significant challenge.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. So first just had a question on just your cat losses. Given changes we've seen in the reinsurance market the last year and a half, should we assume that you're going to be absorbing higher levels of cats going forward, or is the high number that you posted this quarter, same quarter last year as well, more of a function of the type of events you have seen.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. Just maybe on workers comp a little bit. Obviously, California's benchmark rate decreased by 2%. As we think about more and more people go back to work, cost of medical inflation going up, can you maybe talk about the dynamics between your pricing, your severity as well as your frequency and how we should think about the $300 million relief this quarter and then also just the overall reserving position for the book on workers comp.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, sorry. Maybe it got cut off. I'm just trying to get a better understanding of, given where the rates are, given where medical cost inflations are going, which is increased, right? And given that frequency, or at least from the fact that more and more people are going back to the office, should we expect frequency to go up? Should we expect severity to go up from here? How do you think about after you take the $300 million of workers' comp reserve release this quarter, how should we think about just the ongoing reserve position of that book? That's where I'm trying to get to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay got it. If I can just sneak into the last one. We've all around that New Jersey homeowner price. I know that pricing was up significantly. Just curious as to what the rationale about the New Jersey's homeowner pricing increase, if there is any.
