Abbe Goldstein: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our second quarter 2020 results. We released our press release, financial statement and webcast presentation earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chairman and CEO; Dan Frey, Chief Financial Officer; and our three segment Presidents: Greg Toczydlowski of Business Insurance; Tom Kunkel of Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Michael Klein of Personal Insurance. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions. Before I turn the call over to Alan, I’d like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast presentation. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described under forward-looking statements in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials available in the Investors section on our website. And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Alan Schnitzer.
Abbe Goldstein: Thanks, Michael. Before we begin Q&A, there’s one topic that we expect might be on people’s minds. So we thought we would kick off Q&A by addressing it. So before we open up the line, I’d like to turn the call back over to Dan.
Abbe Goldstein: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Appreciate it. As always, if there’s any follow-up, please get in touch with Investor Relations and we’re happy to answer your questions. Be well, and have a good day. Thanks.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Let me start by expressing my deep appreciation to all my Travelers’ colleagues, as well as our agent and broker partners for continuing to provide exceptional service to our customers during these unprecedented times. As for the quarter’s results, Business Insurance had a loss for the quarter of $58 million, due to lower net investment income and higher catastrophe losses, as both Alan and Dan discussed. The combined ratio of 107.1% included more than 10 points of catastrophes, impacted by both weather-related losses and civil unrest. The underlying combined ratio of 97% improved by 0.4 points, reflecting a 0.2 point improvement in each of the underlying loss ratio and expense ratio. The net impact of COVID-19 and related economic conditions was modest. Turning to the top line. Net written premiums were 3% lower than the prior year quarter due to the impact of the economic disruption on insured exposures. Thanks to excellent execution by our field organization. These impacts were largely offset by strong renewal rate increases and high retention. Turning to domestic production. We achieved strong renewal rate change of 7.4%, while retention remained high at 83%. The renewal rate change of 7.4% was up almost 4 points from the second quarter of last year and more than 1 point from the first quarter of this year, notwithstanding the persistent downward pressure in workers’ compensation pricing. We continue to achieve higher rate levels broadly across our book, as rate increases in all lines other than workers’ compensation were meaningfully higher during the quarter as compared to the second quarter of last year. We achieved positive rate on about 80% of our middle market accounts this quarter, which was up from about two-thirds in the second quarter of last year. Importantly, we’ve achieved this progress in a highly segmented manner and with retention remaining strong. At these rate levels, our rate change continues to exceed loss trend, even after about a 0.5 point increase to our loss trend assumption. New business of $473 million was down 10% from the prior year quarter. New business flow was down, which we attribute largely to disruption caused by the pandemic. New business was also impacted by our continued focus on disciplined risk selection, underwriting and pricing. These production results reflect superior execution by our field organization in a very challenging environment. As for the individual businesses, in Select, renewal rate change was up to 2.1%, making the sixth consecutive quarter where renewal rate was higher than the corresponding prior year quarter, while retention was strong at 82%. The headwind from workers’ compensation pricing is most pronounced in the Select business. New business was down significantly, driven by the economic disruption caused by the pandemic. While the current environment is challenging, we’re confident that we’re well-positioned in investing in the right strategic capabilities to profitably grow this business over time. In Middle Market, renewal rate change was up to 7.9%, while retention remained strong at 86%. The 7.9% was up almost 4.5 points from the second quarter of 2019 and 1.5 points from the first quarter of 2020. New business of $255 million was down from the prior year quarter, driven by both economic disruptions and our continued focus on disciplined risk selection, underwriting and pricing. To sum up, we believe our meaningful competitive advantages, including our strong distribution relationships and our talent and expertise, position us well as we navigate through these uncertain times and continue to serve our customers and agent and broker partners. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Tom.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes, Ryan, let me take – this is Greg. Let me take both of those in the order that you took on. Number one, in terms of exposure change, if you’re looking at relative to Middle Market, that’s really a product mix dynamic. In the Select business, we have – the thrust of the premium is two product, CMP and workers’ comp. In the CMP product, the rating on that is driven more off of property than the GL. And so, we’re continuing to see pricing and inflationary pressure on the property. And so there’s some inflationary impact that, that impacts on the CMP product. And so you don’t see as much of a drag on exposure on Select that you do on Middle Market, where the GL product is more on a standalone-rated basis. And then the retention overall, for Select, we certainly put our estimate of what we see in terms of business insolvencies, bankruptcies, and that’s all inside the 82% number.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Sure, Meyer. Yes, we look at loss trends every quarter and across the full portfolio, and that’s obviously a headline number. What we did this quarter is, we looked at the impact of the new economy that we see in front of us. We also look at some of the social inflation or liability dynamics that Dan just talked about. When we roll that all up in aggregate, we believe we’ve got a 50 basis points increase in our loss trend in front of us.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes, Elyse, so that’s what I had tried to do. So we took $114 million across the enterprise in direct COVID losses. None of that was in Personal Insurance. There was some component of management liability within Bonds & Specialty Insurance, which Tom described and going through their combined ratio. But the majority of those dollars came through Business Insurance.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes. The largest line, for sure is workers’ comp, some property losses, both domestically and internationally. And then dribs and drabs, I would say, in other lines, but those are the two drivers with the comp by far being the largest.
Gregory Toczydlowski: Yes. The only thing I’d add there to your point, outside of comp, all of our products were positive. And so we feel great about that execution and mostly, the changes line up with where the need is also.
Gregory Toczydlowski: This is – Jamminder, this is Greg. Yes, we certainly have seen some favorable frequency activity, as the shelter at home has taken place, certainly not to the levels of Personal Insurance. And just as a reminder, in commercial auto, it’s a little unique and personal, where we do have lay-up credits or premium credits when there’s limited use. And so, there’s a slight offset as we see that frequency. We have mechanisms to give that back. Now as the economy is starting to reopen, we’re seeing that frequency moderate.
Gregory Toczydlowski: So we don’t have further refunds planned in personal auto. I think, like many, we’re looking forward at what rate adequacy is over time and looking at more traditional mechanisms like rate filings to make sure that rates are in line with loss trend and loss cost. And in personal auto, the refunds really were a mechanism to respond to acute – an acute issue in the early days of the pandemic is sort of the way we’re thinking about it.
Dan Frey: Thanks, Abbe. There has been some discussion by industry observers about the timing of the recognition of COVID-related losses. So let me reiterate that our reserves reflect our best estimate of ultimate losses incurred as of the balance sheet date. In applying accounting principles, we would not record a reserve for a loss that has not yet occurred as of the balance sheet date. Using auto claims as an example, at the beginning of the year, we have an assumption as the volume of claims we will see over the course of the year and what the average cost of those claims will be. But when we report our second quarter results, including our balance sheet loss reserves as of June 30, those reserves do not include estimated amounts for auto accidents that will occur at Thanksgiving or on New Year’s Eve. Those would be fourth quarter events, and accordingly, they will be recognized in our fourth quarter results. The same principle applies when we consider losses related to COVID-19. While only some losses have been reported to us so far, the losses we booked in both the first and second quarter reflect our estimate of the ultimate amounts that we’ll pay for all losses and related costs that have been incurred as of June 30, including those for which we have not yet received a claim. In fact, as I said earlier, the majority of the COVID-related insurance losses we have booked through June 30 are still sitting in our IBNR reserves. That said, the pandemic is clearly not over, and tens of thousands of new infections are being confirmed in the United States each day. It is foreseeable that a healthcare worker, for example, who, to this point, has not contracted COVID-19, will become ill from COVID-19 as a result of their job duties in December. But again, that loss activity will be included in our fourth quarter results. We similarly would not advance the recognition of any continued favorability from lower frequency and non-COVID workers’ comp claims. Finally, I’ll remind you that on a year-to-date basis, setting aside net investment income, the impact on our results from COVID-19 and its related effects is a net charge of about $50 million pre-tax. And with that, operator, we’re ready to take questions.
Dan Frey: Michael, it’s Dan. Yes, as we had last quarter, so we had some movements in PYD, some puts and takes, some continued good news in comp, some continued pressure in the other liability lines. There were small adjustments in commercial auto and the general liability lines in CMP. But as I said in my remarks, relatively modest compared to those reserve bases.
Dan Frey: Yep. Ryan, it’s Dan. I don’t think we’re going to give the pluses and the minuses. But within the – we told you that there was $114 million of directly related charges. And while that included some charges for the management liability coverages in Bond & Specialty, the majority of what we took came through Business Insurance.
Dan Frey: Yes, Ryan, it’s Dan, again. So we are, for sure, seeing some favorable indications relative to what you would otherwise expect in this current environment. And when we look at that, there was too much favorability to simply say, zero is the right reaction. But as Alan said in his comments and as I tried to reiterate in mine, I think, we’ve been very cautious in terms of the degree to which we’d recognize any good news in anything other than the short-tail lines. But there’s some, because it’s very apparent in the data.
Dan Frey: Yes, I think that’s – it’s Dan. I think, that’s the right way to think about rate versus trend, and that’s about – that’s the ballpark. I think we’ve said previously, that trend was around 4.5% in BI and we’re taking it up about 0.5 point in the current quarter. But you got to look at that in, in relation to the pricing momentum as well. And I think, Greg could correct me if I’m wrong. But the pricing momentum you see in this quarter is a reflection of the strength of the market and the continued need for rate.
Dan Frey: Yes. David, it’s more of the latter. And remember, as we’re doing reserve reviews, especially in long-tail lines like those, you’re looking more backwards at your data. So the actual loss environment of May and June, we’re aware of it, but it’s not really – you don’t have enough time to gather all that data and fully factor into the reserve view that you’re making at that time. So a little more that is still backward-looking in terms of way things have developed, say, through the first quarter.
Dan Frey: Yes. Paul, it’s Dan. We gave a fair amount of detail and did a fair amount of commentary on the construct of the investment portfolio and our comfort level with the way we thoughtfully invested. And we’ve given you an update of that investment detail again in the appendix of the webcast presentation this quarter. So I wouldn’t say more than we said, I think, last quarter in terms feeling really good about the way we’ve managed risk on the asset side of the balance sheet, clearly, we’re aware of and looking and looking at and have a regular process to assess credit impairment and default rates and all of that stuff is baked into our numbers. But it’s really not a big impact on us, given the thoughtful investment approach in the first place.
Dan Frey: So I wouldn’t say we normally do it in the fourth quarter, I think, what you’re referring to maybe is we do it at the – when the policy period has ended and we’d like to go up.
Dan Frey: There has been some – and we’ve been open to it, there have been some more requests by customers to do some of that midterm. But all that’s baked into our production statistics and the written premium numbers we reported for the quarter, Brian, and you got to break out that one piece.
Dan Frey: I think we’re – we consider everything, Brian, and included in there. And there are some puts and takes, the net of the puts and takes was 0.5 point increase to the trend.
Dan Frey: It’s Dan. One related comment to that. Even where we don’t expect ultimately to pay the indemnity on a loss, we have acknowledged in our reserves the fact that we’ll spend some money defending against claims that come in for business interruption.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. So, as always, there are a number of factors that are driving the underlying combined ratio in the quarter, and that’s true for any business. So you’ve got weather. So year-over-year, that was better. And in this quarter, sort of within the normal level of variability, we would expect for that. You’ve got the earned impact of rate that, as I said, on both written and earned basis, rate is ahead of loss trend. We’ve had improved performances in some business. You’ve got some impact of COVID, it was modest, but not zero. You’ve got the year-over-year sort of ongoing carry-on impact of social inflation that I’ll call old news, what – the – what we’ve recognized in prior periods and it continues to roll through. So, those are – given the relative stability, we’re not going to quantify the pieces. But essentially, those are the pieces.
Alan Schnitzer: The thing I’d add to that, Meyer, is that, that is reflected in the underlying combined ratio we reported for the quarter as is a piece of that, that would be catch-up from the first quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Meyer, there’s a heavy regulatory component to pricing, as you know, and it tends to be a little bit backward looking. And it sort of factors in the overall profitability of the line, which is, as you know, has been very favorable over the years and that will continue to be the case. So, clearly, exposure will be one impact on profitability today, which will impact pricing tomorrow. But it’s really hard to isolate any one in – any one factor and its impact on profitability, because everything goes in, you’ve got – you start with your expiring rate and then you’ve got whatever the rate change is and you’ve got exposure change, you’ve got loss trends, things like that. So it’s definitely a factor. It’s hard to isolate what the extent of the impact is.
Alan Schnitzer: And, Elyse, I’d point you to my prepared comments or what I did share that this was a modest net impact when we look at the offsetting of the favorable frequency on some of those lines also.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Elyse, it’s a great question. When you look at the information coming out of some of the rating bureaus and when we look at our own, we would say that we are sort of at or near a bottom in workers’ comp pricing.
Alan Schnitzer: David, good morning. It’s Alan. Let me start with that. And if I miss anything, I’d like Dan to take it up. We’re not going to forecast future losses. Our obligation under GAAP is to report the incurred and unreported losses as of the balance sheet date, and that’s what we’ve done. It’s hard to forecast the future. There’s some uncertainty. We don’t know the trajectory of the disease. We don’t know when we’re going to have a vaccine. We don’t know what the outlook for the economy is. And frankly, it’s – probably the uncertainties for the economy that have the biggest impact on – of the pandemic on us. But I do think it’s relevant to – and that’s why we pointed it out a few times that our net losses in the first-half of the year were – net charges were about $50 million putting aside the investment side. And we’ve put up that net number with a high degree of caution. So I can’t give you a number. We – I tried in my sort of line by line review to tell you some of the factors that we think about. But I think it’s not irrelevant to that assessment to think about our experience in the first-half of the year.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. I mean, I think, we certainly could, and that’s one of the reasons why we’re such big proponents of liability reform. I think it’s important in terms of making sure we’re protecting the nation’s recovery from the pandemic. I think, you hear a lot of rhetoric out there on that topic. But every – everything we see and everything we’re anticipating is in that loss trend number.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. We’ve certainly seen some submissions, and there’s some claim activity around it and even some litigation around it. As we’ve noted, we’ve got provisions in our policies that we think make that coverage inapplicable. And so we don’t expect many of those claims actually to pay out.
Alan Schnitzer: I don’t think there’s a lot of uncertainty around business interruption. I mean, certainly, there’s some, because there’s some litigation and there’s always uncertainty when you have litigation. But we – we’ve got the requirement for direct physical damage. We’ve got two courts that have upheld that so far. And we’ve got a specific virus exclusion in our standard policy form. So we don’t actually see a lot of uncertainty there, and we don’t expect that to be a material loss contributor for us.
