Gabriella Nawi: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning and welcome to Travelers’ discussion of our second quarter 2017 results. Hopefully, all of you have seen our press release, financial supplement and webcast presentation released earlier this morning. All of these materials can be found on our website at www.travelers.com under the Investors section. Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chief Executive Officer; Jay Benet, Chief Financial Officer; and Brian MacLean, Chief Operating Officer. They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment. They will refer to the webcast presentation as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions. In addition, other members of senior management are in the room, including Bill Heyman, Chief Investment Officer; Michael Klein, President of Personal Insurance; Tom Kunkel, President of Bond & Specialty Insurance; and Greg Toczydlowski, President of Business Insurance. Before I turn it over to Alan, I would like to draw your attention to the explanatory note included at the end of the webcast. Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements. The company cautions investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties and is not a guarantee of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. These factors are described in our earnings press release and in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement and other materials that are available in the Investors section on our website. And now, Alan Schnitzer.
Gabriella Nawi: Thank you. Kelly, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Before we begin, I would ask you to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you.
Gabriella Nawi: Excellent. This looks like we are wrapping up. Thank you all for joining us today. And as always, we are available on Investor Relations for any follow-up questions. Have a great day.
Alan Schnitzer: Thank you, Gabby. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. This morning, we reported second quarter net income of $595 million and return on equity of 10%. Core income was $543 million and core return on equity was 9.5%. Our results this quarter were impacted by $262 million of after-tax catastrophe losses as well as significant non-cat weather losses, particularly in personal insurance. This has been an active weather year, with first half after-tax catastrophe losses of $488 million or 6 points on the combined ratio. To put that in some context, this was our highest level of first half catastrophe losses since 2011. While relatively high, the level of weather losses this quarter and year are within an over time range that we plan and price for. And we are confident that we are appropriately managing our exposures. Putting aside the weather, we were very pleased with the underwriting results in our commercial businesses and the progress we have made in personal insurance. In business insurance, we improved our underlying combined ratio compared to the prior year quarter. We were able to maintain a flat underlying loss ratio year-over-year in part by managing the non-rate levers that we talked to you about from time-to-time. Things like risk selection, mix, segmentation, risk control and claims handling. We also improved our expense ratio by about half a point. Our Bond & Specialty business delivered another quarter of excellent results with a combined ratio of 68.7%. In personal insurance, the underwriting results in both auto and home for the quarter were significantly impacted by catastrophe and non-cat weather losses. Within personal auto, bodily injury loss trends remained consistent with our expectations and we are on track with the actions we have taken to improve profitability. In terms of our investment results for the quarter, after-tax net investment income increased 6% over the prior year quarter benefiting from strong private equity returns. Our results enabled us to return $676 million to shareholders in the quarter, including $475 million in share repurchases. Turning to the top line, we were very pleased with the success of our marketplace strategies, which resulted in 5% net written premium growth to a record $6.64 billion. Across our commercial businesses, we continued to be successful in achieving historically high retention levels while also delivering positive and in some cases somewhat higher renewal rate change from recent quarters. In our core middle-market business, we achieved positive renewal rate change on an increasing portion of our portfolio. From a little more than half our accounts in the first quarter of last year to almost 60% in the first quarter of this year to just over 60% in the current quarter. And we did so while simultaneously maintaining retention at a very high 88%. As you have heard us say many times, our production is a result of deliberate account by account and class by class execution. Our efforts this quarter and over recent quarters reflect the continued low interest rate environment and the fact that rate together with the component of exposure that has the same impact on margins as rates have been below loss trend for a few years now. We will continue to execute to meet our return objectives, including by managing the non-rate letters and by seeking rate increases selectively and thoughtfully. In Personal Insurance, we continue to improve the profitability in our auto business by implementing the pricing and underwriting actions that we have discussed with you over the last few quarters. We are on track to achieve double-digit renewal premium change on a written basis for the end of the third quarter and loss trend remains consistent with our expectations. Given that progress and the continued growth in our very profitable Homeowners business, we feel good about the trajectory of our personal lines business. Looking forward across all our businesses, we are engaged strategically to maintain and strengthen our competitive advantages. We are focused on our digital agenda on advancing the way we leverage data on exploring and piloting smart investments and things like AI and robotics on setting the standard in terms of the experience for our customers and distribution partners and as always on being as productive and efficient as possible. So as much as we are relentlessly committed to day-to-day execution we are just as committed to our long-term strategic position. And speaking of our digital agenda, we couldn’t be more excited to welcome Simply Business under the Travelers’ umbrella in the third quarter. To sum it up, I am pleased and encouraged by execution in the first half of the year. And with our franchise value, strong balance sheet, superior talent and capital management strategy, we remain well-positioned to continue to deliver industry leading results. And with that, let me turn it over to Jay.
Alan Schnitzer: Hey, Kai, good morning, it’s Alan. Let me try to address your question on Business Insurance. So, we don’t give outlook explicitly on expenses and there is always from period-to-period going to be some ups and downs in expenses. But we have had a number of initiatives underway. We have got initiatives underway now. If you looked at our shop floor right now, we’d say that there is improved productivity. It’s – you don’t exactly see that coming through in the numbers in the moment, because for example there is other ups and downs and we have got the expenses associated, the cost associated with creating that productivity, but it is a serious and ongoing initiative that we are all hopeful that we will be seeing in incoming periods.
Alan Schnitzer: And Elyse, it’s Alan. I would just add on the margin target. There is some advantage we have to being an account solution, the fact that we have such a good Homeowners’ book enables us to – gives us some advantage in the combined ratio target for the auto and not from a subsidization perspective, but from a synergy perspective, for example, the impact on retention and things like that. So, we think the fact that we are an account solution provider is a big help from that perspective.
Alan Schnitzer: Jay, tell us again what number you are looking at. Just so I want to make sure that we are looking the right thing.
Alan Schnitzer: As you can see in the webcast, the lion’s share of that is the timing of the recognition of the bodily injury losses and then there is the 10-year component that Brian mentioned.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. So, Meyer, you think about hail for example and the types of things that individuals ensure are more susceptible to hail damage, for example, than commercial property that’s more resilient.
Alan Schnitzer: Sure. I mean, it’s just math right. As the pure rate goes up and by the way I would point out that the exposure is up 2, we are not calling that a trend, but it’s broadly enough across our portfolio that for the most part we are attributing it to economic activity. But you look at that incremental price and you look at the component of exposure that behaves like rates and sure, it’s math that it’s a good guy from a margin perspective for sure. It’s not – we are not at the point where they are equal to each other, but we are getting closer.
Alan Schnitzer: And specifically your comment about the end of ‘18 is rates covering the increased bodily injury loss estimate.
Alan Schnitzer: The short answer is no, we are not seeing anything significant. There is obviously always little movements up and down, but nothing dramatic that we are seeing.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, I would say, it’s definitely both to some degree, right. I mean, it’s us what we transact very deliberately on an account by account and class by class solution, so the rate we are getting is because we are trying to get the rate, but we are getting it because we operate in a very competitive marketplace and if the marketplace weren’t letting as getting, we wouldn’t be getting it. So, we are certainly not given the premium growth we have. So, I would say it’s a combination of both. Now, I do think that we do have some advantages here maybe relative to the market. One, franchise value matters when it comes to pricing. So, product perhaps, relationships with distribution, which is valuable to our customers and our distribution, claims handling, risk control those things, I think really matter when it comes to the value we can deliver. And secondly, I would say we have got really important data and analytics and that helps us from a granular pricing perspective as well. So I would say it’s the combination of the efforts the franchise value and competitive advantage that we have been in the marketplace.
Alan Schnitzer: It’s just – it would be so hard without taking it through competitor by competitor, business by business, geography by geography to give you a sense of that, but there is always movements, competitor by competitor, business by business, geography versus geography. And so to the extent we see any of that occurring now, it would be consistent with the way we see that type of dynamic over time. So, in that respect, I am not really.
Alan Schnitzer: I am not sure, Josh, what you are asking. I mean, we have an expectation of what non-cat weather is going to do over time in a range and we set our prices in part based on that expectation. So whether it’s a positive or negative over time is going to be a function of over time whether we are getting the right price for the losses. So, I don’t – if you are asking sort of where it is in a particular period relative to a long-term average, we can give you that information too. But as I have said in my opening remarks, what we are seeing is certainly relatively high. There is no question about it, but not outside of what we would expect in the context of an over time range.
Alan Schnitzer: Well, actually I think the number that you are talking about was a property number, but I think what we are explaining is a year-over-year variance. So, I think that the year-over-year variance, if I am remembering the number right, assuming like 4.6 points at least in home. And I think what Brian’s comment was is that the lion’s share of that is non-cat weather that was worse in the current quarter as compared to non-cat weather in the prior year quarter.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes, Josh. We have always thought that lowering price to generate incremental premium is a fool’s errand, because we operate in a very competitive marketplace and you just end up with same relative market share at lower profitability. And once you lower the price and consequently lower the margins on the business you are keeping, then you got to write a whole lot of new business to get that margin back. So, we don’t feel like that strategy. We like the strategy of again as I have priced on like a broken record, but on a very granular basis, looking at the accounts and classes of business that we are writing, we look at our loss cost in a yield curve and we calculated price that we think meets our return objective and that’s the way we run the railroad. So, we don’t like the strategy of lowering price to generate volumes.
Brian MacLean: Yes. So, I will start with that. This is Brian. And let me do them in reverse order. On the tenure impact, we said last quarter or the quarter before that it was about 2 points and that’s up about 1 point. So right now, it’s about 3 points in total in the combined ratio and that’s about 1 point delta from last year. On the non-cat weather of the 4.6 points you know variance in the underlying, the vast majority of it and you can think roundly about three quarters of that number is due to non-cat weather. And the reason for the lack of total precision there is that we are looking at a lot of loss activity in trying to attribute it and we were pretty accurate on it, but it’s not something that you can specifically tie down and Michael has got a little bit more detail.
Brian MacLean: Right. So this is Brian. So, that was a very good long answer to the question you didn’t ask. I apologize for hearing that incorrectly. But on the auto side, there is 1.5 points as I said in the underlying, about 1.5 points of non-cat weather losses, which comparable to what we had in last year’s results and I would say a good bit higher than what we – what our normal expectations would be, what our long-term averages are. So, hopefully that’s responsive.
Brian MacLean: Yes. So, let’s take the two pieces. Michael can talk a little bit. Expenses we have done – we have been doing a lot in Personal Insurance for the last couple of years and that is continuing and then we could talk a little bit about Business Insurance and what we are doing there. So, Michael on the PI…
Brian MacLean: Yes, I think it’s mostly randomness. And when you think of what’s driving the non-cat weather as Michael said, it’s not the big, big catastrophe events, the smaller events are the ones that don’t even make PCS events. And those things are more likely to have a frequency on the Homeowners side than they would on the business insurance side. So, it’s probably mostly randomness and then some the nature of the beast.
Brian MacLean: And then I did. So that’s what I meant by the three quarters. I did also say in my comments that it was also significantly higher than our long-term average. So, maybe a little less than that other number whatever it might be, but still significantly higher than our long-term average and within a volatility as Alan said that isn’t totally out of pattern. One of the tricky things with this, Josh, especially when we are talking about Homeowners but also with our commercial property, weather in totality makes up something between 40% and 50% of our total loss content. So, you are at some point you are almost talking about the loss ratio in aggregate, which if you are trying to include every single weather related loss. So it’s…
Michael Klein: Yes. I think so again, the 4.6 Brian is referring to as property year-over-year variance. And as you said, the majority of that is due to non-cat weather. I would say a couple of things on that front. One, from our perspective and I think you can look at weather data and see that it was a very active first half of the year from a weather standpoint. NOAA talked about nearly 11,000 severe weather events through May of this year being up over long-term averages. And I think importantly to back it up to what non-cat weather is right. So, our non-cat weather according to our definition does include some PCS events that don’t meet our catastrophe threshold, but it also includes a variety of much smaller weather events that never make the news. And connecting that to the NOAA data one of the things that they talked about is through May, there were over 6,000 reports of wind damage, which is either wind damage or storms that have significant wind associated with them. Again, not the things that show up on the news, but according to their statistics, those events that 6,000 is almost double the average of the 2000 to 2016 run-rate. And it’s the second highest amount of storms of that type since 2011. So, I think our experience is consistent with that, the drivers underneath that non-cat weather. The biggest incurred loss increases we see underneath that estimate are associated with wind and hail.
Michael Klein: Yes, from a Personal Insurance standpoint, the story continues to be that we are adding volume and holding costs pretty consistent. So, I mean that’s a continuation of the story we have been talking about and we continue to see some of that benefit in the quarter.
Michael Klein: Sure. And Elyse, this is Michael. I will start with the target margin question. I think broadly a combined ratio range of 96 to 98 points for auto is the range that we are shooting for over time. To your question on TIF and PIF growth, as we have talked about, our strategy is to improve profitability in auto, while growth moderates. We are very pleased with the trajectory that the TIF growth in the new business is on. We are also, I’ll say particularly pleased with the strength of retention in the face of the increased rate. You see retention in the production slide at 85 points, actually above our long run average for that number, a number we are very pleased with as we have moved rate up almost a couple of points quarter-on-quarter. In terms of the outlook for PIF growth again our plan remains consistent. We are looking for moderate growth, while we continue to improve profitability.
Michael Klein: Jay, this is Michael. I think that’s something that we have been talking about and focusing on and it is why in addition to our objective to improve profits and moderate growth in auto. Our other key objective is to maintain the momentum in homes. To Brian’s prepared remarks, we have made some specific efforts to sustain that home growth in the face of seeking the auto rate, focusing more on rounded business. The good news underneath both the auto and the home growth is the strongest growth we see it in rounded accounts where we are writing both the auto and the home or writing the auto or the home with other lines of business. We are focusing on property intensive distribution relationships, focusing on distribution management and working with agents and brokers to make sure they are giving us at least our fair share of the property business that goes with the auto we write. So, I think through a series of specific tactics and strategies that’s what helped us sustain the home growth so far and we are hopeful that we can continue that.
Michael Klein: So, Sarah to your point, let me just make sure I say this accurately. So when we say at the end of ‘18 we are not talking about the tenure. So, it is 96% to 98% plus a tenure impact. So I think it’s the way you just said it. And…
Michael Klein: Right, right. And so I think as you put those things together it answers I think the other way you asked that which is when we say 96% to 98% we are assuming that tenure has moderated and we are at kind of a steady state.
Michael Klein: Yes. I will take that Sarah in our personal business, loss trend came in as we expected. So – and I think we have told in the past where expectations were, but there is nothing happened this quarter or first half of the year that was inconsistent with our expectations. And I would make the same comment about business insurance it’s very stable and inconsistent with our expectations. Now, I am addressing in a sentence frequency and severity over $15 billion of business. So, there is always going to be ups and downs in one line versus another, but broadly speaking, we view loss trend in our commercial businesses as I am nothing remarkable consistent with expectations.
AlanSchnitzer: Yes, good morning, Elyse, it’s Alan. Thanks for the question. We do get that from time-to-time. And I think we have addressed that on this call from time-to-time. We get the math here looking at it’s a very certain narrow rate versus loss trend. But what we have told you and what I tried to address in my prepared remarks this morning is that there are plenty of levers other than just pure rate that contribute to the margin outlook. And I mentioned some of it in my prepared remarks, things like segmentation and risk selection and claims handling and risk control expenses, all the rest. So, all of those things wrap up in margin. The component of margin that is sort of narrow rate versus loss trend, particularly when you take into account the component of exposure that behaves like rate from a margin perspective is and continues to be relatively small. And these incremental rate gains that we have been writing for a few quarters now have offset that to some degree. So, you take all that together and we are comfortable with a broadly consistent outlook. Of course there is going to be volatility from things like weather, but in terms of things we control we feel good about a broadly consistent margin outlook, we have been giving you that outlook for some quarters now and we have delivered on it. So, we feel good about it.
AlanSchnitzer: Yes, good morning Jay, it’s Alan. So, yes, we read the same retrofit you read to one degree or another, occasionally we see it in the marketplace, I think different competitors and others are at different stages of their engagement in the marketplace. And just a couple of things, one, we do have – start with a great position, we think that’s important from a competitive perspective. We have got great technology. We have got great talent. We have got great data. We have got great relationships with distribution. We think all that’s – all that’s very important. And we are not standing still. So, some of the investments I mentioned in my prepared remarks are directly related to those businesses. That’s important for us. And you look at investments like Simply Business that is meant to make sure that as we look around the landscape and see how the world is changing that we are positioning Travelers to continue to be effective and very competitive in that marketplace. And lastly, I would have that small commercial, in fact all of our businesses have always been competitive and we have got lots of arrows in the quiver that I guess I should say competitive advantages that enable us to compete effectively. So, we feel good about the outlook.
AlanSchnitzer: Yes. There is a lot of rhetoric out there. How much business is actually being transacted on that basis and how much is aspirational from the perspective whether that you are saying is something that is worth looking into. But I would say that we are as engaged as anybody on – in all those areas and as aspirational as everybody in all those areas. So, yes, we think we are where we need to be to make sure that we continue to be competitive. And again, just think about the innovation going on around here are the investments that we are making and we are not flat-footed. These aren’t things that we are starting with today, these things that we in many, many cases have been thinking about for many years. And again I will just point to the Simply Business transaction. That’s something that we announced a couple of quarters ago, but it’s nothing we stumbled on a couple of quarters ago. That was the result of having been thinking about the exact issue you are talking about over a number of years and planning and being thoughtful and strategic about it. So I would say yes, we are where we need to be.
Jay Benet: Right. So, I think to your point, there is seasonality in that expectation is the key driver of that. Again, when we look at underlying consistent with the comments that Brian made, you do have non-cat weather impacting that. We have a higher loss ratio expectation in the second quarter than we do in the first largely related to weather and driving activity picking up.
Jay Benet: But I will go back just to highlight Brian included in his prepared remarks which is we don’t look as tenure as a bad guy, because it’s part of the plan. It’s adding economic value. And so that’s deliberate.
Jay Benet: No, no, no. I think Michael said this in the last quarter comments I just repeat it is that when we talk about the timing of tenure unwinding what we are talking in terms of years, not quarters.
Jay Benet: Hey, Larry. This is Jay Benet. So, in relation to the environmental charge this year versus what we saw last year you are right it was moderated from the levels of the prior year. It continues to be an area of frustration. It’s – I’d call at the level of a nuisance at this point in time. We are not talking about very large dollars, but as you know every year we take a crack at what we think is going to happen with regard to new policyholders, what happens with regard to the active policyholders, what’s taking place in relation to defense cost versus actual cleanup cost and we have to make lots of assumptions associated with that. A year goes by or 6 months or whatever the period of time is, we look at what’s actually taking place versus those assumptions. And what we say in the Q is what I am going to repeat here that the favorable trends, we have been seeing for a number of years continue. They didn’t continue quite at the level that we expected, but there was still favorable when it came to policies presenting new claims of policyholders with new claims or what’s taking place with regard to other aspects of it. But as we have refined those estimates in this particular case we came up with an additional increase to the reserves. So I’d say that’s the lion’s share of it. I will say that there are parts of the country of the Pacific Northwest in particular, where cleanup costs are being a little more elevated than what we had anticipated. So, you do have certain jurisdictional elements associated with this that will change what your estimates of costs are, but I will go back to what I said before that on the overall context of our reserve levels in Business Insurance in the company as a whole. This is fairly de minimis item at this point in time.
Jay Benet: No, I don’t think you can really extrapolate what takes place in environmental to asbestos, but I think you can, if you can extrapolate anything, you can probably look at what other companies have said about the same subjects of the asbestos and environmental and recognize that we are no different than everybody else. So, I think we will continue to address each one of these things. We have our claims study ongoing as it relates to asbestos and we have more news to tell about.
