Greg Toczydlowski: Thanks, Dan. Business Insurance is off to a terrific start in 2020 with an exceptionally strong first quarter. Segment income of $669 million was well over double the first quarter of 2021, driven by lower catastrophes and higher underlying underwriting income. The quarter's underlying combined ratio of 91.8% was almost 2 points better than the first quarter of 2021. The loss ratio improved by about 1 point, driven by higher earned pricing despite elevated severity, reflecting the inflationary environment. The expense ratio also improved by about 1 point, resulting from the combination of the leverage from higher earned premiums and the benefits of our strategic focus on productivity and efficiency. Net written premiums increased 9% to an all-time quarterly high of $4.5 billion, benefiting from historically high renewal premium change and retention as well as an increase in new business. All lines of business were up over the prior year quarter. Turning to domestic production for the quarter. Renewal premium change of 9.1% included renewal rate change of 4.4% and at an all-time high for exposure growth of 4.9%, reflecting continued improvement in our customers' outlook for their businesses. Retention of 87% was also a record high. And finally, new business of $544 million was up 17% from the first quarter of last year, driven by our success with large accounts in Middle Market as well as our continued success with our innovative BOP 2.0 product in Select. We're pleased with these production results and our superior execution in the marketplace. Given our high-quality book as well as several years of meaningful rate increases and improvements in terms and conditions, we're thrilled to have produced record retention levels. The rate gains we achieved in the quarter reflect deliberate execution given the significant improvements in profitability across the portfolio and through the benefit of higher exposures. Rate in workers' comp was a little more negative than we've seen over the past year, which is consistent with the strong profitability of the line. Having said that, overall renewal premium change in the workers' comp line was well in the positive territory, as exposure growth was at the highest level we've seen since 2006. Given the headwinds and uncertainty in the current environment, we will continue to execute our granular pricing, careful management of deductibles, attachment points, limits, sublimits and exclusions to achieve profitable growth. As for the individual businesses, in Select, renewal premium change was a strong 9%, while retention of 83% ticked up 1 point sequentially and was up 4 points from the prior year quarter. New business was up 16% from the prior year quarter, driven by the continued success of our BOP 2.0 product, as I mentioned earlier. With improved margins in this business, we're pleased with the higher retention levels and continued momentum in new business growth. In Middle Market, renewal premium change remained strong at 8.8%, while retention reached an all-time high of 89%. New business was up 20% from the prior year quarter, driven predominantly by our success with large accounts, as I mentioned earlier. To sum up, Business Insurance had a great start to the year. We continue to improve the profitability of the book while investing in capabilities to enhance our position as the undeniable choice for the customer and an indispensable partner for our agents and brokers.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jeff.
Greg Toczydlowski: I think that's exactly right. I think through this cycle, we've been -- had the benefit of -- have a high-quality book of business. So we haven't really had to remediate broadly from an underwriting point of view. It has been just fun being for some of these perils that we've talked about. So we're very pleased with when we add up all the numbers and see the execution at a very granular level from our most profitable accounts to our least profitable what that retention slope looks like, and we're very comfortable with that.
Greg Toczydlowski: Alex, I'd just add on the workers' comp comment, obviously, as the economy starts opening up again, we would start to see some of the frequency normalization, which we have seen in the workers' comp line, but certainly add expectations, nothing above that. So like what we were expecting.
Jeff Klenk: Thanks, Greg. Bond & Specialty started the year with a terrific quarter on both the top and bottom lines. Segment income was $217 million up 58% from the prior year quarter, driven by higher underlying underwriting income, lower cat losses and a higher level of net favorable prior year reserve development. The underlying combined ratio of 82.2% improved by 2 points from the prior year quarter, reflecting the benefit of earned pricing that exceeded loss cost trends. Also, the prior year quarter had about 1 point or so from some large cyber loss activity that didn't recur. Turning to the top line. Net written premiums grew an outstanding 22% in the quarter with strong contributions from all our businesses. In domestic management liability, renewal premium change remained in double digits and improved by a little more than 1 point from the fourth quarter. Retention remains strong, despite the impact of our ongoing strategy to nonrenewed cyber accounts that do not meet our minimum cybersecurity protocols, including multifactor authentication. That change in our underwriting is having a meaningfully favorable impact on cyber claim frequency. We expect to complete the execution of this strategy across our renewal portfolio by the end of the second quarter. Notably, domestic management liability new business increased 12% from the prior year quarter. We were also pleased with the strong production this quarter from our domestic surety and international businesses. So both top and bottom line results for Bond & Specialty were terrific this quarter, reflecting both excellent execution across our business and the value of our market-leading products and services to our customers and distribution partners.  And now I'll turn the call over to Michael.
Jeff Klenk: Sure. Thanks for the question. This is Jeff Klenk. I think first and foremost, I'd remind you  that we do have a significant reinsurance treaty on the book of business. And so that's something that's important to remember. We do feel really confident that the focus on the cybersecurity protocols is having an impact. Still early for us, right, because we started it effective in June, but we're seeing it on the frequency. And so more to come, but we definitely feel good about the results we're seeing so far.
Jeff Klenk: Thanks, Alex. This is Jeff Klenk. Relative to the second part of your question, no active experience relative to the current situation. And there has been, obviously, a little more dialogue on this topic recently. Relative to our offering, we're comfortable with the cyber offerings exclusionary language, have no immediate plans to change it. As always, we'll continue to monitor our policy language in the context of evolving risks. But thanks for the question.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Thanks for the question. And let me paint a picture for you. So the pricing environment, despite what you're focused on, which I suspect is the right number, the pricing environment is actually quite strong. And you see that in BI and BSI with overall pricing near record levels, for earned and written continued debt -- our earned and written continues to exceed trends. Our margins on a written basis are expanding. When we look at the breadth of pricing gains, very good. The significant majority of our accounts continue to get positive rate And you look at retentions at near all-time high is that -- I mean, that tells you that the overall market is pretty stable. And what we're doing is deliver, right? That's -- you look at that retention and that tells you what we're doing is deliver. If we weren't able to achieve what we wanted to achieve, retention would be lower. You got to add to that, the pretty good progress we've made over -- actually, at this point, many years of very, very strong pricing gains. So you've got improving margins. And so that's sort of where we are right now. So having said that, as you point out, there are some clouds out there that we are very well aware of, I think the industry is very well aware of them. And as we price the marginal product, we're looking at what the expiring rate is, we're looking at what loss trend is, we're looking at what other factors that impact margins, and then we're putting a price on the product. And so we're not troubled by anything in this production environment that you see or the outlook, frankly.
Alan Schnitzer: Yes. Elyse, just as a reminder, we've had this conversation over the years. We go out and hold up a sign that says grow or shrink. We execute one account at a time. And when there's an account out there and the pricing turns, we want to put in the portfolio we do. And this quarter, Greg and his team did a fantastic job. And the result of that, again, the accounts we want -- the pricing turns we want resulted in that growth. So it's not -- there's no sort of overall coaching message other than go out and execute the next account.  Greg, you want to --
Alan Schnitzer: I -- well, first of all, I think it's hard to talk with -- with such a broad brush. We've got -- I assume you're directing your comments to BI. It's a $16 billion book of business with lots of different products. So it's hard to paint with a broad brush. We will -- as you heard, this quarter, written margins continue to expand, that will earn in, and we continue to execute from here and to continue to improve margins. If we're going to try to be mid-teens over the cycle, that means at some point, ideally you get above it. Having said that, we got a 10-year treasury that it's on the move, but it's still not near sort of historical norms. It's even at 28 or 29, by historical standards is relatively low. So that does impact our earn rate and what we're trying to achieve. And then the last thing I'd say is, from here, the price change is going to increase in some lines of sub-businesses, its going to go sideways in some and it's going to go down in other. So it's -- that's just a function of granular execution.
Alan Schnitzer: Let me start, Yaron. So on the -- way we think about it -- and I think it's important to go through the whole chain here. We generate more capital than we need to -- that we can profitably deploy back into our business. And so when we have more capital than we need, we're going to get it back. And that is sort of a philosophical principle that we've operated under for a pretty long time. And so we've got a couple of options on how we're going to get it back. And we know we've got certain segment of our shareholder population that's looking for a dividend yield, and we're going to make sure that we're paying to be competitive. And then beyond that, we're going to buy our stock back. And we're not investing in our stock. We're not trying to time the market, we're trying to rightsize capital. And we've bought back plenty of stock at these levels over the years. And we started our stock buyback program in 2006, I think. And the average price per share, which we bought back the stock, is about $70. So I really to think about it in that broader context, it's been -- it's been an exercise in capital management for us, but it's been a fantastic investment over the years. And I think when you look back at this moment in time, years from now, you're going to say the same thing.
Alan Schnitzer: It's a really good point, a really good question. We do see exposure growth having a reasonably high, not 1:1, but a reasonably high degree of correlation with GDP. So I do think you're onto something there. Again, it's within a range and there's some lag to it. But -- and that's also sort of an overtime measure. I don't think you can look at GDP today this week, this month, this quarter and say that's what exposure is going to be. You do need to look at it sort of overtime as you generally get there. When you talk about the impact of economic activity and losses, that's also going to vary by line, and it's hard to paint with a broad brush. I do think probably just making an observation at a macro level, there is a correlation between an economy heating up and loss trend going up. I think there are several lines that would contribute to that. But what you do need to remember, again, to the first point is that as an economy heats up, you do get exposure growth that to 1 degree or another, offset that higher level of loss trend.
Alan Schnitzer: I will tell you, we absolutely expect that. I don't think the court system is opening up yet. I mean it's opening up and unwinding very slowly, and I think it's going to play out over a while. You think by now that it would be open and running at pre-pandemic levels, and it's just not. But our full expectation, Brian, is consistent with your comment, we would expect to see that pre-pandemic environment in terms of of social inflation.
Michael Klein: Sure, Michael. Great question. I would say your assessment on medical inflation is right. I mean it's ticked up slightly, but from a low level. So something we pay attention to, but not a particular concern. It is interesting, we haven't spent a lot of time talking about bodily injury liability trend in PI, not because bodily injury liability trend isn't high but because it's not really high in excess of our expectation. So we've got a relatively -- I'll say, a high view of what model severity is. I think our views on it are consistent across commercial and personal lines. But again, we haven't been talking about it because it's not the item that's been the surprise, right? The vehicle severity items have been the ones that had the unexpected inflection point in the middle part of last year and remain elevated.
Michael Klein: I wouldn't put a specific number on it, maybe, Michael, but I would say we're in that neighbourhood.
Michael Klein: Yes. Thanks, Meyer. It's Michael. I would say the strategy is to get the rate we need to improve the profitability. And the growth that you're seeing is a byproduct of how our rate shows up in the market relative to that of our competitors. And actually, when you look underneath it, on a state-by-state basis, you actually see quote volumes moving around based on industry rate level, I think more industry rate being taken in the state drives quotes into the market. You also see our close rate varying in one state versus another based on the rate level that we've taken and how that compares to our competitors. So it's really less about looking for growth on a tactical basis, it's really all about looking at the rate indications, recognizing that we need to make progress on pricing and filing the indications and the rate request with the states and getting them in as quickly as we can and the growth you're seeing is a byproduct.  I would say, to your point, retention dipped a bit from 85 to 84, again, relatively consistent with what we would have anticipated given the change in RPC. And while new business production, the dollars were up 4%, which is the same number, they were up in the prior quarter, in the fourth quarter of 2021. More of that 4% is now represented by price change than was in the prior. So there's some slight deceleration kind of in the underlying growth. And we anticipate as we continue to push for rate, we'll probably see some more of that.
Dan Frey: Ryan, it's Dan. Yes, so not real big movements there. I think Greg gave you what's a pretty straightforward story to the quarter, about a point better in the loss ratio really tied to earned pricing being ahead of what we're seeing in the loss environment and about 1 point of improvement in the expense ratio. To your point, there are other things that will impact quarters differently and there's some variability from quarter-to-quarter. This quarter, the net of those things when we compare to what we saw in the first quarter of a year ago, it was just about a wash.
Dan Frey: Ryan, it's Dan. I'd just add, and I think you were getting to it in the tail end of your question. Cyber, it's not a huge percentage of the premium base within Bond & Specialty. So it's an important line of business that everybody is paying attention to, It's not a huge component of the book.
Dan Frey: Yes, Greg, it's Dan. I'm not sure that I would try to break it into its pieces. We're managing to a total return. And within that, we're trying to manage to what we are comfortable with from an expense ratio perspective. So we made a lot of progress in improving the expense ratio from where we were 5 or 6 years ago. We're pretty -- we said when it got down to the 30 level a couple of years ago, we were pretty comfortable somewhere around 30. Coming out of last year, we signaled that we thought this year would be around 29.5. And all I was really trying to give you in my comments was that's still sort of what we're planning for, for this year. I don't know exactly where it's going to come up, but that's the neighbourhood of where we would expect it to come out A little better than that in the first quarter of the year, that's partially due to the fact that premium volumes were a little stronger than we would have expected. It's also partially due to the fact that there's some timing from quarter-to-quarter in terms of what's going to come through expenses. But we are managing the strategic investments we're making to move the business forward balanced with expense discipline to make sure that we're continuing to improve productivity and efficiency, also balanced with what our view is of where the top line is going.  So we're looking at all those -- all 3 of those things together and saying, we were in the 32s a few years ago, we got down to 30. We told you this year, we think that will go down to about 29.5 and then the next step will be to go down to 29. But it's really balancing all those 3 things together.
Dan Frey: Sure, Greg. It's a good question because this is the quarter in which we actually flip from new money rates being below what's embedded in the portfolio as has been the case for the past several years. By the time we exit the quarter, we're -- and you see that in the fact that the portfolio is now in an unrealized loss position as opposed to an unrealized gain position. But exiting the quarter, we think that new money yields are somewhere between 50 and 70 basis points higher than what's running off. And so as the portfolio slowly turns over, and that is contributing to our increased view compared to the outlook that we had provided at year-end in terms of what will happen to fixed income NII increasing now as we get to the latter part of 2022.
Dan Frey: So Elyse, it's Dan. I'll take that one and I'll say that we're thinking about, especially in this environment with exposure near all-time highs, you've got to compare what we're doing on the total pricing side, including the piece of exposure that behaves like rate with what's happening in the overall loss environment. So as you heard in Greg's comments and in Alan's comments, we have reflected a higher level of severity tied to inflation in our view of what we're booking for losses in business insurance. That's largely tied to higher levels of inflation. Higher levels of inflation also bring with it really an offsetting benefit as you think about what we'll earn in on a go-forward basis from higher exposures. So things like higher wages paid to the same workers. So we're going to get a higher exposure and a higher premium on the same risk as opposed to increases in exposure related to things like more workers where we're collecting more premium, but there's more risk because you've got additional workers. So our view of the loss environment is higher. Whether you put that in loss trend or whether you leave your loss trend unchanged and book a medium-term over-the-top severity on top, mechanically, you're going to get to the same answer. If you believe that the inflationary impact is going to be somewhat persistent at least over the medium term if you'd put it in loss trends, that's reflected in the numbers that Greg talked about in terms of a point of margin expansion in the quarter and in the commentary that on a written basis with the production results we saw this quarter, we expect margins to continue to expand going forward.
Dan Frey: I think, directionally, that's the way to think about it, Elyse. But keep in mind, as you said, there is both sides of the equation, and we're going to and are seeing the benefit on the exposure piece as well.
Dan Frey: And keep in mind, Elyse, we're talking about very strong margins at the time and saying, even at this level, we continue to expect that we're expanding margins. I mean these are some of the best underlying combined ratio that Business Insurance has seen in the last 14 or 15 years. So to have retention at all-time highs when margins are as strong as they are, feels great.
Dan Frey: Yes, pretty much, Tracy. I mean we -- which is one of the reasons why when we talk about book value per share, we almost always talk about adjusted book value per share, the unrealized gain or loss position in the portfolio, we think of as we have duration in the portfolio, interest rates are going to move, we're going to have an unrealized gain or loss, it's not really driving the economics of how we think about the capital position of the company.
Dan Frey: Yes. And it also gets, Meyer, sort more and more difficult. So in terms of did we have any sort of directly COVID-related charges that become a very -- it was never a big story for us in the first place, and it's certainly not a big story now. Then in terms of the underlying loss environment, other -- things that were indirectly impacted by COVID, I think it just gets sort of harder and harder to parse out what is a change in COVID and what is just the new normal in terms of whether it's people working from home or things like that. So I think your reading is right. There's not a big story in the quarter related to COVID.
Dan Frey: Okay. So I think there is seasonality in different parts of the segments. Greg did call out in his fourth quarter comments, whether property losses, not related to cat, were a little better than our expectations. And I think we've had this conversation, Josh, before. We really don't think about the think about that sort of sequential quarter-to-quarter reconciliation. There are different things that occur in different quarters. So I think the most apples-to-apples comparison in our view is Q1 versus Q1, and that's the way we do it.
Dan Frey: Sure. So in BI for the quarter, we -- so again, the pieces I gave you, $113 million in total for the quarter for BI, the largest piece being comp, that was $80 million to $85 million. I gave you the -- we had $45 million of a charge for environmental related to the older years. So that leaves you with the other things. So the general liability lines, a fair amount of favorability spread across many accident years property, a modest amount of favorability spread across many accident years, CMP, net favorability from a number of accident years, and the international business showed some favorable development in PYD as well. None of those things were sort of individually significant, which is why I didn't call them out in my comments, but we saw favorable development in those lines as well.
Dan Frey: Yes. The one line I didn't mention was auto and not because it was a huge outlier, but I don't think that the net result of auto is much more than a wash within Business Insurance.
Dan Frey: Yes, pretty -- to the degree that there's any, Alex, I think it's pretty small. The other thing that we've used to describe reserving in the uncertainty of the sort of COVID environment and core closure environment is that we've tried to remain cautious. And so I think we have tried to remain cautious. So even though -- some of the data might still be indicating some modest benefits from frequency, we're making sure that we're booking losses to allow for what might come through either later or on the severity side. So not really a big benefit coming through the quarter.
Dan Frey: David, it's Dan. I think, mathematically, if you just took a point in that equation, that would get you to somewhere around breakeven, and we're telling you that we think on a written basis, margins are still expanding. It is difficult, and I appreciate what everybody is trying to do. It's difficult to have a rule of thumb for how much exposure behaves like rate, because as I said in the answer to an earlier question, the things that are driving exposure can vary from period to period, whether it's inflation driven or units of risk driven, the lines of business mix changes from quarter-to-quarter and that impacts it. But I think the short answer, I would say is when we're looking at the level of exposure that we wrote in the first quarter, I think more than 1 point of that, we think of as behaving like rate, but I really wouldn't try to put much finer point on it than that. The other thing I'll just add, David, is loss trend for this purpose is really a very blunt instrument. And that sort of one number aggregating loss trend across that we look at it at a very granular level. So we just don't approach it at the sort of macro – sort of level that you do, which is I think why we're all sort of looking at each other wondering how to respond to that. And I get -- just trying to get to some measure of cost of goods sold, it's just a blunt instrument, and it's hard to do. And the other thing I'll say is loss trend frequency changes in long-term view of frequency and severity, that's just a mechanic for booking losses and there are other mechanics for booking losses. And so it's just -- it's really the only thing impacting a quarter. So I just – just cautioning you against the -- looking at something that seems very simple and thinking that's the answer.
