Doug Linde: Most of the leasing CapEx is really driven by the makeup of the portfolio so to the extent that we have more urban longer-term leases generally it goes up. But we have typically averaged somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 plus or minus per square foot on a consistent basis on an average basis for the portfolio and there is nothing that occurred this quarter that was significant.
Doug Linde: The turnover rate is -- Peter, correct me if I'm wrong -- I think 30% and I believe we're achieving a premium over the competition of between 10% and 14% and that includes the stuff in Tyson so it has been spectacular.
Doug Linde: So the capital has already been committed and it has been spent at the Hancock Tower other than obviously the rollover leasing that we will do. The project at 601 really has not been a fully vetted yet but it is probably somewhere in and around $100 million. We will also be doing a repositioning at 399 at some point in 2016 and 2017. It will be a repositioning light. John would probably describe it as an image change as opposed to a repositioning. And then the project Mike described at Tracer Lane -- or sorry, at Reservoir North is about $25 million, as Owen put out there. And the work that is going to go on at the General Motors building at the retail I think in large part will be based upon the existing tenants and most of that capital will come from the users as opposed to from us.
Doug Linde: If you are asking if there is a markdown or not I think there is a dramatic markup in every case. So we will get more than 100% of what we're losing in those rents. I think the only piece of space in the portfolio that is rolling over in 2016 and 2017 where we're a little bit tight on the mark to market is the low rise at 399 where right now on a cash basis, we're getting about $90 a square foot from Citi. It is actually lower than that on a GAAP basis because of a straight line rent and it is the last five years of the lease but John, you can comment on this. I think that we hope to get high 80s to low 90s on that space and higher on an average basis.
Doug Linde: Just to reiterate what I said in my comments, Jamie, so we don't have places to put Citibank right now physically and we want to relocate them out of that low rise block so that we can reposition and redevelop it and so our guys are creatively looking to figure out ways to take some space back that is currently rent producing and move Citi into that space so that we can actually do this work which is again as I said, we're looking to create vacancy so we can put the capital in to reposition the building to ultimately dramatically enhance the concourse area, the atrium and this low rise space which has a dip in 2016 and 2017 but it is going to be fantastic for the asset as well as for that corner where we have 399, 599 and 601 in a couple of years.
Doug Linde: I think that is the gating issue which is as we have looked at the Manhattan market, we're very comfortable with our portfolio in midtown Manhattan and the tenant customer that we're pursuing for that portfolio and the growth that that customer is seeing. And we've talked about it ad nauseam before and our ability to lease even large floor plate spaces on Park Avenue that were once headquarters for the universal banks and there are other types of users for that. But we have also recognized that there is a group of tenants that had migrated first to Midtown South and now they are migrating some to the West side, some downtown where many of those employees are coming from Brooklyn and where we're able to build a brand-new building that has all the attributes and the quote unquote cool nature from a physical perspective of what you can get in a building that you could find in Midtown South and others and do it at a much more affordable price than you can achieve today in the same types of buildings and closer to the demographic of where those people actually live and the commuting patterns. And so it is not predicated on a dramatic improvement or continuation of a boom in the economic cycle as much as it is a recognition that this is the reality of how users want to be locating their requirements in the new world of user demand that Manhattan is now seeing.
Doug Linde: And to be fair to your question, we have sold a lot of assets in DC. But I think the gating issue for us has been when you sign a 20 year lease in DC with 2.5% or 3% increases, you have effectively created a long term bond and this is exactly what the sovereign wealth fund and domestic pension fund advisors are dying to own. And there is not a lot of churn in these assets that we can do on a going forward basis until those leases expire. And interestingly while we have had the success of moving tenants within our portfolio in some of our other markets or within buildings, in DC interestingly enough because of the long term nature of these leases, we haven't really done a lot of that. So when we look at our portfolio and look at our portfolio as to what is most salable, it hits the needle on the head and it is the kind of assets that are exactly what are most desired in today's capital markets.
Doug Linde: Just to sort of answer the second part of your question, there are absolutely no capital raising liquidity issues that we have regardless of what the special dividend might be based upon gains on sale so that is not a factor in the way we're thinking about this. As Mike described, we're running at the lowest EBITDA ratio I think we have ever run as a public company. And I think it is a little premature to talk about our dividend policy without having had a conversation with our Board which we generally have toward the end of the third quarter because it is not appropriate to get out ahead of that.
Doug Linde: I would characterize 2016 as a year where we have made some explicit decisions to take some chips off the table in order to reposition assets for the long term that will be significantly accretive to our NAV and our earnings on a going forward basis. And so those things have significant impacts. So not sure that is a transition, those are explicit decisions. Transition is you have a lot of roll over and you have to sort of run through the rollover. We have that every year. We may have a little bit more in 2017 actually than we have in 2016 because of what is going on at 399 and that is a pretty big chunk of space. But I would characterize 2016 as we're making some very explicit investment decisions and we have chosen to take some chips off of the table from an occupancy perspective in order to reposition and improve the long term cash flow characteristics and value of some of our assets.
Doug Linde: I think somebody mentioned some Blackstone selling. You are likely going to hear about or see a print on the assets that Blackstone is currently selling in Boston and I don't think we're surprised at where those assets are going to trade. And they are going to I think look at again you are going to look at our portfolio and you were going to go wow. We purchased a building in 2011 at the Hancock Tower now called 200 Clarendon Street for $435 a square foot and it is the superior asset in the city and you are going to see I expect a print that is more than double that if not significantly more than that over the next month or so with those other assets. And it is a demonstration that there is a continued desirability for these core iconic assets in our markets. And interestingly in some of these markets, they are starting to become somewhat of a scarcity issue as well because there are relatively few assets that will likely be sold over the next number of years. And the new buyers that have come in are I think what one would characterize as not transitional buyers but long term buyers who expect to own these assets not necessarily forever but certainly for an extended period of time with a very long term horizon in terms of how they are going to invest in the assets.
Doug Linde: I will give you a general comment, John and if any of our regional folks want to chime in, please feel free. I would say that the marginal change in tenant improvement dollars has been de minimis through good and bad cycles other than with renewal tenants in the hyper hot markets where we basically say if you want to renew we're not giving you any money. I think the actual cost of doing improvements has gone up exponentially over the past four or five years and so what once would cover a tenant's build out at $65 or $70 a square foot is probably covering maybe 50% of it in our CBD locations. And so I think that it is a factual part of the business that we're all in. But we certainly don't see it other than in Washington DC where the market has been weaker; we really haven't seen much of an increase in it over the past four or five years either.
Mike LaBelle: I think if you look at the lease terms they were a little longer so our weighted average cost per lease term was like $5.39 I think which is in line with what our range typically is. And I think the renewals were a little bit lower than typical. Again it is just a makeup of whatever is happening that quarter so since we had more new leases versus renewal leases the costs were a little bit higher.
Mike LaBelle: So we've basically got three pieces of debt coming due, the smallest one is Fountain Square which is a building that we own in a consolidated joint venture right now and we expect to be buying it out sometime either late this year or early next year. And that loan can be prepaid in I think it is April and we would just pay that off, that is about $200 million. And then there are two bigger ones which is Embarcadero Center and the Hancock Tower loan and those total about $1 billion. I would say those are the two loans we're thinking about with regard to maybe doing something early and that is why we haven't been targeting our hedging toward those two financings. What we really kind of think about is okay, how much is the prepayment penalty and if we bundle that into our costs, what does the breakeven rate have to be when we can pay these loans off and how do we feel about that breakeven rate versus our view of rates? It is somewhere between 75 and 80 basis points, something like that today. One could say that is attractive. However, the prepayment penalty does come down significantly every month that we wait. So we're tracking this on a monthly basis depending on what the yield curve does. If you look at the yield curve and what it says it is going to do today, that breakeven rate drops below 50 basis points in early 2016. So that would be maybe a more attractive time, we will see what happens. The yield curve doesn't ever seem to be completely right as we all know but that is the kind of analysis we're thinking about so we don't have a specific point in time in mind but we're monitoring it and if we see an attractive window I think that we will go forward with it.
Mike LaBelle: The three buildings that will be coming into the same-store that aren't in the same-store this year are 250 W. 55th Street, 535 Mission and The Avant. So, those three haven't been in our quoted same-store numbers that I give to you. The Avant is leased up through 2015, it is fully leased now so it has been fully leased for the past couple of quarters. So it will have an increase but not a significant one. 250 as Doug mentioned I think in our supplemental, it is 70% leased. As Doug mentioned, it is 89% leased with leases that haven't commenced it and we've got good activity on the rest of the space at the rents that Doug and John had mentioned. So I think that is going to be a big mover for us next year from both a GAAP and a cash basis because probably through half of this year some of the tenants were in pre-rent. I mean Case-Shiller was in pre-rent through the first half of this year. You actually saw our straight line go down from the first quarter to the second quarter. They were the reason and there are some other tenants that are in pre-rent in 2015 that won't be in 2016. And then at 535 Mission, kind of obviously smaller building but kind of similar story with some terms of the lease up with that. Again I don't want to give you specific numbers right now but those are the kind of bigger drivers from the development pipeline that are going to help.
Mike LaBelle: I mentioned that there is $35 million of transactions that Doug mentioned where we're going to lose occupancy that will be a negative. On the development pipeline, I indicated that we would be stabilizing $850 million of developments between 2016 and 2017 that by the end of 2017 when those are all stabilized, they are going to add approximately $70 million of GAAP NOI and have a cash return of between 7.75% and 8%. But again that is stabilizing through 2016 and 2017. So it will start to influence and a building like 601 Mass Avenue is a building that will help us in 2016 but it is not going to be in the same-store in 2016. None of those developments the $850 million will be in the same store in 2016 but the income that is starting to come from those things will start in 2016 and help us.
Mike LaBelle: I can tell you that the gain associated with the assets that we have sold already as well as the projected gain for 505 W. Ninth assuming it sells, is approximately $200 million. From a taxable income perspective, we have sized our regular dividend to be generally in line with our taxable income. So I would expect that that $200 million or somewhere thereabouts would be excess. We have set these up as 1031s to try to retain that cash but we have talked about the acquisition environment and the low likelihood of us being able to put those into exchanges. And with 505 Ninth Street is a joint venture so you really have to acquire in the same joint venture so I would say that is pretty unlikely that we would be successful in doing that.
Mike LaBelle: Owen said $750 million was 2015. I don't think we have described what if any asset sale plans we have for 2016. And we're not, I don't think at this point we're prepared to talk about that, but we do not -- I want to emphasize this -- have a capital liquidity issue. We're sitting on more cash than we have ever sat on and we continue to find opportunities to increase our cash flow from the portfolio. And many of the new projects that we're entering into like the Brooklyn Navy Yard are with partners where we will provide third-party construction financing for a significant portion of the capital structure. So again, the amount of equity, quote/unquote or our share of the capital is not significant relevant to what it might have been had we done things on our own and we were doing everything on our balance sheet.
Mike LaBelle: We talked about the GM Building with FAO Schwarz. I mentioned from a GAAP perspective, that didn't have a material impact to the full year. But we recognized a lot of termination income from that deal this quarter. So for the last two quarters, that building will have a lower contribution. I think that from an occupancy perspective, I said that we would be approximately where we're. Last quarter, I think I said we would be slightly below 91%. Our occupancy projections are really in the same place that they were. So they are going to be somewhere around 91%. It could be slightly below, it could be a touch higher, but I consider that generally stable with what it is now -- below 91%, I'm sorry. So that is really kind of the drivers.
Mike LaBelle: On the question with respect to the weight capital or interest by investors we have not seen any diminution in that at all. And I would also point out that a lot of the investors that we see in the marketplace are not using significant leverage so I don't think interest rates have as big an impact at least for Class A office properties in our core market.
Mike LaBelle: So the unsecured debt market right now, our credit spreads are somewhere in the 150s I would say for 10 years. So we're talking about a borrowing rate today of somewhere 380 to 390 probably and if you were talking about the secured debt market, I think that for high quality assets that have pretty low leverage, 50% to 60% leverage, you are talking 160 basis points, 170 basis points maybe a little bit tighter than that. And then as the leverage goes up, it could be north of 200 basis points but generally borrowing costs again are in and around 4%. The other thing I want to mention on your same store question is when you look at the quarterly same stores -- I'm quoting an annual same-store so in the supplemental we quoted quarterly to quarterly so a property like The Avant might be in the quarterly to quarterly but it would not be in the annual to the annual. So there is a little bit of a difference in the same-store profile when you think about that.
Owen Thomas: So those are two different projects. The one that you were describing I believe was the requirement for the GSA to do the TSA. So Ray, you can comment on that and then the second one is whether we have a tenant for 1001 which is the building in the CBD.
Owen Thomas: Both of these projects are effectively 100% leased so there is no speculative risk associated with any available space.
Owen Thomas: Well, we're in discussions with another corporation that we're under confidentiality with that is considering a site near the Wiehle Metro. Again that should be forthcoming by the next call if not sooner. It would involve us building a building there on their behalf and would involve both a land sale and a fee structure. But again we're not able to announce neither the terms nor the tenant at this point in time.
Owen Thomas: I think acquisitions today of existing leased buildings -- pricing is aggressive. That is why over the last couple of years we have been pretty active sellers of property. The building in Washington that we just announced at a little bit over $1000 a square foot is the best example.  So the way we're thinking today about acquisitions of again new existing leased buildings is in partnership with Capital Sources, some from the U.S., some from outside the U.S. where we would make a significant coinvestment but we would enhance our return through compensation that we earn from applying our real estate skills whether it be managing the building, leasing the building, providing capital improvements or whatever is required.
Owen Thomas: If I could just mention one other thing, we will be adding something that is going to be pretty spectacular at 399 where the Citi auditorium is now on the top of the 13th floor. We're going to put a pavilion there and it will be a green space, it will have a green roof, it will be outdoor space, it will be pretty spectacular and we will connect that with the 14th floor when the lease expires there in 2017. I think that will be a very big enhancement for someone that wants a conference center on that space, a reception on that space. And because of the elevated situation in the building, this may be too micro but Citi had a couple of private elevators. We would be able to connect those directly to the low rise floors so that is, we're very excited about that.
Owen Thomas: Jamie, we're always open and considering new markets. In the markets we would like to be in, I don't think the pricing issue is much different from what we have been describing about our core markets. Also I would point out I think our move into Brooklyn is somewhat of a new market for us albeit in New York City.
Owen Thomas: I think as I mentioned in my remarks and I have been mentioning over the quarters, we do feel the economic recovery though it has been modest, it has been steady. And we have been getting positive absorption of office space as a result and if you look at where tenant demand and where the real net absorption is, it has been for it the technology, life sciences and other creative tenants and there are districts in major cities throughout the world that are becoming increasingly acceptable to corporations particularly in the technology area. And so we could go city by city and identify new areas that were atypical office locations and I would say Brooklyn is in that category and if you look at what is happening in Brooklyn today, the rent growth that exists, the transit avoidance that Brooklyn provides, we think it is going to reflect tremendous growth for us in the future. So again, we're increasingly making investments if you look around the portfolio of buildings in our core markets or in related core markets that are designed to be attractive to the whole technology, media and life science industries.
Owen Thomas: To answer your question on the dispositions as we have been saying, our target is 750 and we have done 377 so far this year measured as our share. I think we still feel that the target that we provided is roughly accurate. We have some additional targeted sales that we're considering. We hope to accomplish them and that will result in something around $750 million. I don't see a big break either way on that. On acquisitions, it is very hard to target acquisitions and in fact we don't do that. What we do is we look at investments that we think are in terrific markets that are great properties and we selectively pursue them and if we're able to accomplish the acquisition on economics that make sense for us, we will move forward and if not we don't. So we're out there, we're looking at things but I don't think you should interpret anything from our remarks that we're more likely or less likely to do any acquisitions before the end of the year.
Owen Thomas: I can also add to that as we said in the past on dispositions, I think more or less fall into a couple of different categories. One, assets that we would consider non-core going forward and others where we frankly got we think a very attractive price relative to the economics in the property. And this deal given the pricing that I described we felt it was an attractive opportunity for us to raise some money.
Owen Thomas: There were two that I mentioned that were in the pre-development pipeline and I don't think we want to get into a tremendous amount of specifics over their costs and we're still working out all the details of it. But I would say approximately actually a little bit depends on, it depends on some decisions that we make about some of the projects that we have. If I had to give you a range I would probably say $300 million to $600 million.
Owen Thomas: We're not building the residential to sell it when it is complete because it is residential. There were some case facts around The Avenue that led us to conclude that was a good asset to sell but they are not immediately targeted for sale when they are complete.
Owen Thomas: Well, just to summarize, we were slightly above consensus for the quarter. We increased our guidance slightly for 2015 and hopefully we provided you helpful details on investments that we're electing to make to enhance our portfolio that have some impact on 2016 results. With that, thank you for all of your attention.
John Powers: I think that will work out. We already have a couple of very good leads on that space and we're working very well in conjunction with Citi. They may be able to exit part of that early and we're in discussions with a specific tenant now for a portion of that. We do have a challenge, Doug mentioned the below grade space. It is 100,000 feet there and we will be working on that.
John Powers: Yes, there is not a lot of space so I'll make my comments very brief. 250 is going very well and we have a lot of traffic at the top and we have some term sheets out now. So I think that that has been very well received in the market. We will get some space back from Wiehle. We already have interest in that space, we already have a very nice proposal on a big block part of one floor. We talked about 399 before. Certainly the Towers space, the base, the X Morgan Lewis or existing Morgan Lewis space is not a concern at all in this market, we already have a deal on a big block of that. Doug mentioned that we're doing some significant work at 399. We're tuning that up now with our marketing package. I think the building needs a little bit of loving care and money and we're going to do that and we have done that in a very careful calculated way. So our marketing on that building will really start with images and renderings, etc. in September. But as I said before with regard to the low rise, we have already been in discussions with Citi potentially on getting back perhaps one of the floors or more a little earlier and to target that with some large tenants we're talking about.
John Powers: 601, the only block that we will have at 601 will be in the low rise building, that is 145,000 feet. And we're working on a repositioning of that. If it works out the way we want it to, I think that will be a very unique offering in the market in terms of the location, in terms of the outside amenities and what we want to do there. But more on that later. The block at 399 I already spoke about, we already have some interest on.
John Powers: Well, WeWork brought a lot to the table to this collaborative effort and my now long experience dealing with ground-up development and major buildings, the anchor tenant always gets somewhat of an advantage deal and WeWork did in this case. But the other issue is WeWork took primarily the base of the building which will in most cases rent for less and we're comfortable with their terms and it has been folded into our pro forma. Finally, let me say that they do have options and the options that they have will be at a different price than they paid for their initial take.
John Powers: We're going to have significant amenities space there. We're going to have a very interesting food offering [Technical Difficulty] we will have a basketball court, we will have a lawn for our different activities. We have conference space, we have a very, very large wellness center and they are curating all of that on our behalf under an arrangement. So we think that that is going to add something. They are very good at doing this. And we think that also their input and impact to the development is going to be a positive in terms of other tech tenants and when they look at WeWork, many of them think they are like-minded and want the same things and I think they have been very, very successful doing a curation of different parts of their member base, dealing with parts of their member base.
John Powers: Certainly there is a move to, as Doug said -- to Brooklyn as a choice to live for many of the TAMI workers. That is a clear trend that has been going on for quite some time. And if you drive around Brooklyn, you probably see as many or more cranes there than you do in Manhattan and most of that is residential. So certainly that is a part of it but clearly a big part of that is going to be dealing with what I call the last mile issue. So just to put this in context, 70,000 people worked in the Navy Yard during World War II. They all got to work, they all went home and most of them used subways. The Navy Yard is within one mile of about six different subway lines. So the question that -- the challenge we really have is to solve this last mile issue because where those people walk the last mile, our creative workers probably don't have the time or want to allocate the time to do that although a lot of them will bike and I think biking is part of the answer here. But we will run two shuttle services. They will be reliable, efficient and very tech friendly. We will put these together in collaboration with WeWork and the Navy Yard and we will run those two locations, one on the G train by Washington Ave stop and one between the A train and the F Train. And these trains for example, you get to the A train, the first stop is the Folsom Street in New York plus these trains go out into Brooklyn to a lot of places where these people want to live. So we think we have a last mile problem. We know it, we have studied it and we're going to have a very good solution that we think is going to work very well.
