Doug Linde: Sure. So I’m going to – I’ll back up. So that was a three-part but I’m going to give you credit for it all being at least you know consistent with each other. So, the lease terminations are not included in our occupancy. Things are definitely feeling slower in the fourth quarter than they did in the third quarter of 2022. And again, we believe that our occupancy will be higher at the end of ‘23 than it will be at the end of 2022, because we have visibility on a significant amount of leases that have already been signed and we’re covering a significant amount of our existing portfolio vacancy today.
Doug Linde: And Derek, I would just add the following, which I think is actually going to be helpful, but it’s not going to be helpful in the short-term in terms of improving things, which is that, as these businesses, I’d say, get more aggressive. I’ll use the word you know asking their employees to – or associates to come back to work. I don’t think it’s going to lead to them taking more space. I think it’s going to lead to a better urban platform environment, whereby there are going to be more people in our cities on a day-to-day basis, which I think will be helpful over time at convincing both the workers and the employers that these cities really you know can potentially get back to where they were relative to the Street platforms and be very vibrant local communities. Right now, but one of the problems is there’s sort of this vicious circle going on where because there aren’t as many people going to work every day, the cities feel different and the other sort of issues associated with you know the urban nature of the challenges associated with prime, homelessness, et cetera, become more visible, and there’s a sort of cycle that I think will be helpful as things go in the other direction.
Doug Linde: So I guess let me just start it back up. So our Investor Day was not about 2023 earnings guidance. Our Investor Day was about, here is Boston Properties’ portfolio regarding its human capital and its assets and what we are trying to do from a strategic perspective in the context of where the market is today. And I don’t think at any time did we talk about what we thought was going to happen in 2023. So I don’t think anything that we said at that conference should be construed as different than what we’re seeing today. Regarding our outlook for actual leasing activity in 2023, we – I would tell you that we feel modestly less rosy about that, because the Fed has been more aggressive than I think people expected when we had our conference in 20 – in September 2022 relative to rate hikes. And the inflation has been more challenging to get under control. And all of that has effectively you know transferred itself into a higher interest rate expectation. Mike’s using the dot plot, you know we’re using 4.75% average interest rate for our underlying index in 2022 right. So – and all of that sort of from my perspective manifests itself in less robust leasing activity in 2023, because I think the economy is going to be less strong, and there are going to be less decisions that are made by companies relative to decisions on their space, be it, staying in place and just upgrading to a premier workspace like our buildings or incremental growth. And so I guess that’s from my perspective sort of the subtle change between what we were describing and you know in September and what we’re talking about this morning.
Doug Linde: Yeah. So Vikram, the only thing that’s changed, I’ll just repeat what I said before, is that, I think we’ve moderated the amount of leasing that we will do in 2023 that has a 2023 lease commencement associated with it. And I’ll sort of give you, you know effectively how the sausage is made, you know color on that, which is, when we have space that is currently built out and that space is re-let, we would start recognizing revenue when the lease commences. When we have a piece of space that we make a decision to go and demolish, okay. So we basically remove all the existing improvements. And those improvements are now you know referred to as sort of a white box condition, and we then do that lease, we have to wait until the tenant has completed their build out of the space even if we’re contributing to capital until we can recognize revenue. So we have a bunch of spaces that we are building out as a sort of white box right now, because we think it will give us a leg up in terms of leasing that space that will – while that may actually improve the timing of actual cash revenue may not help us relative to our "revenue" from an occupancy perspective in 2023. So that’s really the only thing that has changed. With regards to the overall sort of you know going around the country perspective, as I think I said, our views and the pulse that we have on overall leasing activity is much stronger in our Boston and our New York City CBDs relative to tour activity and likelihood of transactions occurring than it is on the West Coast in San Francisco and Los Angeles and Seattle. And that’s because the majority of the traffic that we’re seeing are from professional services and financial services-oriented companies who are concentrated in those marketplaces in Boston and in New York City to a wider degree than they are in the West Coast markets, which are more concentrated with technology-oriented companies. And as I tried to describe, many of those transactions are the smaller transactions, right. They’re a floor or less. And so we’re doing a lot more of those than we are a three or four or five floor lease with a client who’s in the technology business. And so I’d say that’s sort of what’s driving our near-term views on our occupancy in 2023. But again, when we were – you know when we sat up there and made our presentations, we were trying to describe to all the analysts in the room and all the investors in the room and on the phone, how we were looking at Boston Properties from a long-term perspective. And I just – you know I do want to make the point that we are in a long-term business relative to the decisions that we’re making. So let’s just you know Owen described 601 Mass Avenue and he said, "Oh, by the way, we sold the building at a 5.1 cap rate. We acquired the land for 601 Mass Ave in 2008. We started a building in 2011. We completed the building in 2013, and we sold the building in 2022. And starting in 2008 to 2022, the unlevered IRR on that investment was 9.65%. So this is a business of long-term decisions and long-term investments. And so while we are focused dogmatically on and providing you with guidance and our expectations quarter by quarter by quarter, because we’re a public company, and that’s what we are – we are required and want to do, when we’re making our real estate decisions, we’re making decisions based upon long-term investment perspective. And so you know at times that means that we might not be able to satisfy an immediate quarterly you know opportunity to do something, because in the long-term we’re better off doing something that may be you know short-term dilutive. So that’s just – that’s the way we approach our work in our business from an operating perspective and from an investment perspective.
Doug Linde: So all the numbers I used at the Investor Conference were as of June 30th of 2022. So everything was sort of a quarter delayed and lots of things happened during the third quarter that are now reflected in the numbers, both in terms of leases that we signed that pushed out occupancy and leases that we signed that have yet to commence and leases that we’ve got on vacant spaces that have already commenced that are sort of baked into the numbers. So the numbers that I provided earlier is sort of how I’m looking – we’re looking at things on a going-forward basis. So instead of the 1 million square feet of leases, for example, that we had that were 1.2 million if that was number of leases that were signed that had yet to commence. Right now, it’s about 1 million square feet or 885,000 square feet, of which 700,000 of that are 2023 commencements in the rest of our buildings that will have a lease commencement in 2024, right. So that’s sort of how I would sort of look at the numbers. So what I gave you earlier today were the numbers as of 9/30/2022.
Doug Linde: Yeah. And I would just add that, remember that, we are looking at our investment decisions over a long-term and it takes a long time to clear a building of existing tenants. And so you know we want to be in a position where we can start the next building when we’re successful leasing the ones that we currently have or we feel the market has started to you know dramatically change from a demand perspective you know as we enter into the latter part of 2023, early 2024. So we’re sort of – we’re setting ourselves up for these opportunities. And by the way, I mean, I’m just going to sort of give you some examples, we actually have three proposals that we’re negotiating right now and they’re not leases on you know a building that’s currently vacant in Princeton at Carnegie Center for life science users. And so you know having the ability to stay to one to a user, the building is unencumbered and we can start construction. You know and if you’re interested in signing a lease, we will start construction is an opportunity that we’re trying to create within the portfolio at large. And so you know I’d say we are – we’re taking some short-term pain for some long-term gain on a going-forward basis. But we think it’s the right approach to expanding you know our ability to do these things you know in a thoughtful way. And by the way, and we said this a number of times, we’re not out there buying the land for you know $200 to $250 in FAR foot, which is what sort of the going price has been for many of these sites you know in locations that require rents that are not supported today. We have a very different land basis in our redeveloped assets because of the nature of when the buildings were purchased, when they were built and you know fact that there always existing infrastructure there that is a value. So we have a relatively speaking you know a well-priced portfolio of opportunities that we can bring to the market over time.
Doug Linde: So we’re starting to approach the higher rents that we’ve leased over the past four or five years in market – in our West Coast markets and particularly, San Francisco, which again is why I – when I provided the statistics for this quarter, I said, you know we basically were slightly above. It was a couple of percent, and it was about – the average starting rent was over $100 a square foot, right. So we’re not seeing declines in rents. We’re just not seeing the same relative increases that we were seeing. And so as we get closer to leases that were signed you know x number of years ago, there’s a tighter range associated with what that roll up or roll down is. Relatively speaking, the Boston market and the San Francisco market still have the most embedded growth. Our New York City market is very hit or miss. It’s you know somewhere up and somewhere down. So when we lease a piece of space in the mid-rise to high-rise the 767 Fifth Avenue of the General Motors Building will have an increase. When we lease that piece of space at 510 Madison Avenue where the rents you know were done in you know a decade ago, and we’re increasing significantly and operating expenses went up, we’re going to see a decline. So it’s you know again it’s very much you know building by building, lease by lease. And in our Washington DC portfolio, as I described to you, generally, those you know have come down you know in [technical difficulty] 3% to 5% and in the district, it’s been around 10% because of the nature of the leases from a cash perspective, right. When we actually report GAAP numbers, we actually won’t have these declines, because there – when you average a 3% increase for 10 or 15 years and the lease that’s starting 10% below what was expiring you actually have a positive mark-to-market. So that’s not what we’re providing, we’re guiding you with a cash numbers a perspective of what’s going on in the marketplace. So that’s sort of my perspective on sort of you know where the embedded growth is. From a transactional perspective, on the margin TIs are still very, very elevated. And it depends on what kind of a tenancy you’re talking to and what their options are. So the larger requirements where there’s more desperation, if you will, from landlords or subtenants that have large box in available space, there are more aggressive terms for smaller transactions, you know a floor or less where the tenant is looking for a premier workspace, we have been able to maintain the economics of the deals that we’re doing in our markets, and that includes you know San Francisco, which again has obviously got a very significant overall you know vacancy in it that the people report, but where the vacancy in the premier space is still significantly lower.
Owen Thomas: Steve it’s Owen. Good morning. Clearly, the – our cost of capital is going up as indicated and what we’ve reported and I do think our hurdle for new acquisitions is going up from a quality standpoint and also from a return standpoint. You know I referenced the 125 Broadway and 300 Binney Street, you know one is an acquisition and one is a redevelopment and the blended yield on that when fully delivered is over 7%. You know buildings in that location, certainly lab buildings in that location have been trading in the 4 maybe even in the low 4s. So I think there’s you know significant margin in that yield versus where we made the investment. And then as it relates to 200 Fifth, a couple of things I would mention. One, I think it’s a very unique property. You know well it is clearly a premier workplace I think transactions like that don’t come around very often. Second, I think the cap rate is understated, because it has below-market debt on the property for the next six years. And then third, we’re purchasing a minority interest of stake. So it is not you know a full acquisition, the billing requires less capital. But our – you know it is – we are raising our hurdles for making new investments and you know our pipeline is less right now for new investments as a result. I would say the largest thing we’re working on, I mentioned in my remarks, which is the 290 Binney Street development and the 121 Broadway Residential.
Owen Thomas: I think the answer to your question is a little bit industry-specific. You know I certainly think amongst the financial service clients that we have, I think the slowdown in business conditions has, I think put some more urgency on in-person work, and we’re clearly seeing that in the traffic, particularly in Boston and New York. I also – you know I think – I’m not sure it’s that big an impact yet on the technology sector, where the return to in-person work has been certainly lagging the other industries. And I do think there’s an offset a bit as well in terms of what Doug described of you know a recession, delaying leasing decisions by businesses because there are you know significant capital events. And you know in this kind of environment, businesses try to create optionality on doing those kinds of things. But yes, I do think slower business conditions are leading to more in-person work behavior.
Owen Thomas: Okay. I think that was a three-part question, but I won’t stick Helen on you. So, first of all, JVs, we absolutely want to continue to do joint ventures and we absolutely want to continue to sell assets. But it’s going to be subject to market conditions. As I mentioned, there are many institutional investors who are more cautious on the market, some have withdrawn for the market for the reasons I mentioned in my remarks, denominator effect or a view that perhaps the market will get more interesting from a pricing perspective in the future. But again, subject to market conditions, that’s absolutely what we want to do. Going to your comparison of 200 Fifth to 1330 Avenue of the Americas, humbly, I would say, I think 200 Fifth is a higher-quality asset and warrants a lower cap rate. I do think that below-market debt does have some impact on how to think about pricing for the asset, because clearly an asset to have such a below-market debt on the building. And to your point with debt cost rising, I absolutely believe that there is some increase in cap rates. I think it is probably less in the office sector, because I think office buildings have been trading at higher cap rates than some of the other real estate sectors. But I do think it has had some increase on where market cap rates are.
Owen Thomas: So the answer to your question is, yes, the Avant sale is reflected in the ‘23 guidance. And with – as it relates to sales, we – Mike and I both mentioned a figure of $864 million for ‘22, which assumes the Avant is sold, it’s only under contract right now. And then we will – and I mentioned one of the strategic priorities for BXP is to continue to recycle capital and upgrade our portfolio into 2023. So our goal is to sell more assets since we don’t know what those are, those are not reflected in the ‘23 guidance and it’s going to be subject to market conditions. You know we have specific assets that we are looking at to sell, but it’s – again, we are going to execute on those sales subject to receiving attractive pricing.
Owen Thomas: So Alex, good morning. No, the Amazon moves in Bellevue were not part of our initial underwriting, because it was not known. We remain confident in Seattle for the long-term. We think we have two – we have one very high-quality asset and one asset that we’re going to make very high-quality that we’ve already performed some leasing in. We have confidence in those assets. But as Doug described in his remarks, you know the technology industry is retrenching to some degree. You know there have been layoffs announced. There have been space moves announced that you described. And you know we don’t see this as a big provider of growth in the near-term. But I think over the long-term, these companies you know have technologies that will grow and they will be successful, but it’s going to take a while to work through the environment that we’re currently dealing with.
Owen Thomas: I would just add to Mike’s remarks, First of all, on the development deliveries, as I mentioned, that’s $200 million of NOI over the next five years, and that number excludes contributions from 300 Binney Street, which are material, which comes in the next couple of years. So that’s the quantification of that. Mike talked a little bit about the interest rate opportunity. And then the last piece is portfolio occupancy. Again, Doug went through a lot of math on how to think about that and the timing for it. But we’re going through a business cycle. You know I said this at the Investor Conference, it called a cycle for a reason. It doesn’t last forever. And this will turn at some point. And you know when you looked at BXP before the pandemic, we were at 93%. So again, we’re not giving any forecast on what the timing for that is, but that’s clearly a growth opportunity for the company is to increase the occupancy of our portfolio.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. So I’ll jump in. Doug may have some comments as well. We have a lot of confidence in the long-term growth prospects in life science. We think there is tremendous capital that is prepared to invest in that space, and there’s also tremendous unresearched science, and it has very strong prospects. I think the other thing that’s important about life science is the importance of location that is critically important and Kendall Center where we’re making most of our investments today is absolutely a key critical, it’s one of the best locations for life science in the world. And I look at all the demand we generated and the deals that we’ve announced. You know we talked about the AstraZeneca lease at 290 Binney Street, the Broad lease that we did at 300 Binney. So you know we’re demonstrating very strong demand at that location. So I do think there’s been more of a slowdown in Waltham. And therefore, we’ve slowed down a little bit of our new deliveries to be responsive to that. But again, you know given my prior remarks, we have confidence that, that will return.
Owen Thomas: Yeah, Jamie, it’s Owen. Yes. I think when you go into an environment like this where interest rates have jumped up pretty dramatically, fairly quickly. I do think there’ll be more distress. I think there’ll be less distress in premier workplaces, because those assets are going to perform better. And I think lenders and other capital providers will realize that. And you know as we move forward, you know we will continue to look for opportunities. We will be very focused on pricing, you know given the higher cost of capital that we have. And we will be very focused on our leverage, and I would anticipate you know increasing use of joint venture partner equity to manage our balance sheet.
Owen Thomas: I think it’s the relative use of capital. So we – Mike described we’re currently at our target leverage that might tick up a little bit, then it comes down over time. We have – I mentioned a couple of additional developments that we’re looking at in Kendall Center, which require capital. But I think to look at share repurchases, I think it would be you know our leverage is low, and we don’t have the investment pipeline in front of us that we do right now.
Mike LaBelle: This is Mike. I mean I think that the lenders are overall you know significantly more cautious about putting capital out for all the reasons that we’ve talked about. And credit spreads are clearly wider in all of the markets that we deal with. So I mean credit spreads in the bond markets are wider, credit spreads in the mortgage markets are wider. I mean, I can’t say they are at all time lines but they’re significantly wider of where I would say a normal environment is. You know I think that CMBS is underwriting cash flow. And if there’s rollover, they’re very conservative about the rollover and they’re requiring reserves in order to mitigate the risk of rollover and those reserves drive down proceeds levels that are available in the CMBS market for real estate assets. So I think that can drive down some of the leverage that you can get and could impact the refinancing of certain assets that might need to be recapitalized in order to refinance. If you have a high-quality property that has a long lease term, you can clearly get it financed. People will finance office buildings, other real estate with those types of lease terms, there’s just going to be higher cost of capital. So you know treasury that is between 4 and 4.25 and a credit spread that’s probably between 250 and 300, and you’re talking about high 6s is the type of rate that you can get. But that financing is available today. And then the banks are also providing you know mortgage loans and term loans and things like this to the market to add liquidity as well. And you’ve you know seen a number of REITs, including ourselves kind of use term loan financing you know to help fund new acquisitions and new investment. And that market is still available to us.
Mike LaBelle: You know I’ll start, and the others can lob in as well. Look, I think that we have a development pipeline that delivers cash flow through 2025 as it goes into service, and that is going to continue to be a tailwind for us and provide growth for us as we deliver that pipeline and you know hopefully increase that pipeline with some opportunities that we have that we’re working on. On the debt side and for interest rates, I mean 2022 has been an extreme year of interest rate increases and I think that our expectation is that they’ve got a little main ways further to go up, but it’s not going to continue to go up at this pace for the next two, three, four years that there’s going to be a point that has reached where the Fed has done its job and you start to see inflation turn where they’re going to slow down the increases in the Fed rate, which will affect SOFR and that will start to moderate and you know potentially turn the other way, if the economy weakens like we have been talking about. So that’s not in our expectation for 2023, because we assume the SOFR rate is going to go up and then it’s going to stay flat. And we assume the small amount of refinancing that we need to do, which is very small, because we don’t have very much in the way of mortgages coming due that we will have to refinance those at high permanent rates. So we have a $500 million bond coming due, for example in you know the third quarter of 2023. And we can borrow in the bond market today for 10-year is in the high 6s. So that’s what we’re assuming. So that has an impact on our interest expense guidance. If interest rates start to moderate and the 10-year you know comes down a little bit or slows its increase and credit spreads, which right now are as wide as they’ve been in a really long time, start to moderate, because people kind of see the end of the rate hikes and see what the pain is going to be felt in the economy, we could see credit spreads come in 50, 100, 125 basis points which could help. Now, I don’t know when these things are going to happen. But I do believe that you know we won’t see the same increase in rates from ‘23 to ‘24 during 2023 that we saw in 2022. Yeah.
Mike LaBelle: David, I think the only number that Doug gave at the Investor Conference that was different than what we gave today was he didn’t say at the Investor Conference, the amount of square footage that we had signed for leases that were expiring. Now those leases are not in our expiration table because we already have signed leases starting for those. And I think that number was like 800,000 square feet. So that really doesn’t affect the – I mean it affects occupancy, obviously, because it’s covered, but we don’t have that in our expiration table, because the lease is already covered by a signed lease. Just so you kind of understand the methodology of how we put – use our expiration table. The expiration table only includes space that is expiring where we do not have a new signed lease starting right away.
Mike LaBelle: The leverage right now is 7.5 times, which is basically in line with where our target is. And you know I would expect next year that you know it’s likely to tick up a little bit before it comes down. And then as our development pipeline delivers later next year and then into the following year, you know it would start to come down. And then the dependence is what kind of new investment activity do we have, right. And if we have significant new investment activity, we’ve got to figure out how to capitalize that. But if we don’t have that activity, I think that’s kind of the trajectory. So you may still see it increase a little bit and then start to come down.
Mike LaBelle: And I think that – look, we’ve got a lot of cash flow that’s coming online from these developments over the next few years. You know 70% of the debt capital has already been raised that is funding this. So we’ve got a lot of follow kind of capital out there on these properties where income hasn’t started. So yes, we expect our leverage to tick up a little bit as we kind of go through the development process over the next few quarters. But if we don’t do anything else, and we just let this stuff come in our leverage is going to be down into the, you know low 6s. And that’s below our target range. So there’s still capacity on our balance sheet to do things if we find those opportunities. And then it’s a question of how we fund it, right. And I think that in order to continue to lengthen our balance sheet, that’s why we’ve been using private capital to help us fund some of these new opportunities. And I would expect that we would continue to kind of look at that as a vehicle to help us do that, because we’re not going to be raising public equity at the kind of prices that we’re at right now.
Mike LaBelle: And I think Owen described, right. I mean we’re going to – we’re picky about what we’re going to be investing in. The bar has got to be higher, but we have some opportunities like the ones we’ve talked about in Kendall Square that are you know once in a lifetime kind of opportunities and these are great transactions that are going to grow the value of this company. So investing in our capital and those kinds of opportunities, we believe will be very accretive to our shareholders over time.
