Doug Linde: The GSA is obviously, works on their own schedule and they just, they were in expectation that they were going to put an RFP out in the first quarter of 2015 and lo and behold it hasn’t happened yet. Right now, the rumors on the street are that there is going to be something that comes out before the end of the year. But again no one really knows.
Doug Linde: I’ll have a couple of comments and then I’ll let Ray to pick up. But basically it’s a 500,000 plus or minus square-foot building. So, the users that we’re talking to are really users who are in excess of 300,000 square feet. We made two or three proposals wherein, I’d say the latter stages of from discussions, with some tenants that are looking at us as well as other potential build-to-suites and I’ll let Ray give some commentary on that.
Doug Linde: I did, Michael as you say, I did go through a number of different projects because I wanted you and shareholders to know what the breadth of our pipeline was. In that list that I gave does exceed $1 billion but we probably won’t launch all those projects. There are contingent obviously on entitlement, on full planning but also many of them contingent on pre-leasing. So if we can do more than $1 billion that would be terrific, we’re certainly working hard to achieve that. But when we looked at the pipeline and we estimate what we think we’ll be able to launch this year, we put the estimate more at $1 billion.
Doug Linde: Yes, it actually fills up in ‘17. So that’s where the number is, and if you look it in our supplemental.
Doug Linde: I mean, honestly Michael, I think it’s fair to say that if we’re successful in selling $1 billion worth of properties, it is unlikely that we will be able to reinvest that asset and all of the assets. And there will be some additional special dividend in calendar year 2015 not similar to us having one in calendar year ‘13 and calendar year ‘14.
Doug Linde: No, I think on the large financials, financial employment growth has been weak in New York. And I don’t see, we haven’t seen certainly expansion by large scale financials. I do think some of the contractions have stabilized.
Doug Linde: It’s different in every market John. I mean, in Kendall Square, I think that if you’re looking for more than 25,000 or 30,000 square feet of space and you want to be in Kendall Square in particular, you’re going to be paying somewhere in excess of $75 a square-foot with dollar bumps. But if you’re in the financial district, you’re not going to be paying more than $65 a square-foot. I mean, if you’re in the low-rise of a building like 120 St. James, the number is probably close to $60 a square-foot. So there is a much wider growth in terms of the differentials. In Reston Virginia, the top-end of the market is $55 a square-foot. And I think the low-end of the market in our portfolio in Reston is I don’t know, $46, $47 a square-foot, so it’s a very, very tight range given the kind of property and the relative lack of differentiation between sort of being in the middle and the top of the building. And then in New York City, I mean, their tenants are going to pay over $200 a square-foot to be at the top of the General Motors building, 767 Fifth Avenue. And someone may pay somewhere in the low $70s to be in 540 Madison Avenue. So, again there is still a wide variety of where the rents are depending upon the building in a particular location.
Doug Linde: And just to clarify, because I think different organizations talk about this differently. When we provide you a number like that, we’re including a fully baked asset with a return on capital equity and debt included in that return - in that budget. So to the extent that someone else is doing this without a cost of capital associated with it and a number of different, we have a cost of capital on our debt and our equity.
Doug Linde: So, let me give you an example. So, the 145,000 square feet of deals that we’re talking at 250 West 55th Street, I would expect if knock on wood, things go well most of those leases are going to get signed in the second quarter of 2015. We will not have rent recognition on most of those leases until the back half of 2016 because when you do a 10 or 15-year lease in New York City, you’re giving somebody 12-months a build-out time. And in particular, when you’re doing it on first generation space, there is no such thing as straight line rent, right. So, we’re not delivering this space tomorrow and then saying, we’re going to start rent recognition day one, we’re actually having to wait until the tenant actually has taken the space, built out that space and are in occupancy effectively. So there is a lag associated with all of these things that we’re talking about which is sort of my point in my comments. So, as an example, when we take a space back to for the build-out of the law-firm installations that are going on at 599, that floor is effectively occupied but there is no rent recognition on it until we’re done with that and we won’t get done with that build-out until the end of ‘16. So, there is a lot of stuff like that that’s going on within the portfolio but you just have to sort of recognize as your thinking about your projections on a going forward basis.
Doug Linde: I would tell you that rental rates in Cambridge are probably up 15% year-over-year. I would say rents in suburban Boston are probably up in high single-digits. Rents in the financial district of Boston are pretty flat. But rents in the Back Bay of Boston are probably up 7% to 10%. And there is a premium associated with the high-end space in the Back Bay. In Reston, I think things are locked up to 2% to 3% maybe, and in the district they’re very flat. And out in San Francisco we’ve probably seen somewhere close to 10% to 12% increases year-over-year in our rental rate assumptions overall, although again it’s been higher at the low end of buildings and less at the high-end of buildings.
Ray Ritchey: Well, I think you hit the nail in the head there Doug with this, this is a situation where clearly we’re not going to go spec. And there is a careful balance between how much of pre-lease we have to make to justify going forward. But I mean the great thing about that building that side is a terrific site for the demographics that we’re trying to attract to the building. And our price basis there is extremely competitive relative to other new options. So, I think we’re very competitive with the people we’re talking to. And should we go forward, we’re very confident in a lease, and lease very strong referring.
Ray Ritchey: Sure, Alex. The District of Columbia government is really trying to provide appropriate incentives to get homegrown tech tenants from Virginia down to downtown. And they have kind of made 1001 Sixth Street kind of the poster child for the tech tenants because of its geographic location and the quality of the building we are building and the nature of the building we have built. But we’re not going to be confused with Palo Alto or Cambridge for sure. And so it is going to be a long struggle, but every tech tenant we bring by the site falls in love with the demographics of the site and falls in love with the building. So we’re cautiously optimistic that if there will be a tech boom in DC, we’re going to be leading the charge. The same thing is true with our Met Square building, the space we’re getting back there we’re specifically targeting tech tenants to come into that outstanding location with some of the best public spaces in the district. So we’re just a two-pronged attack both Met Square and 1001 Sixth Street.
Ray Ritchey: Well, it sort of reminds me of Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart demands all of its vendors to come to Bienville. The United States government is the largest consumer of tech services in the world. So I think the United States government needs to start demanding these tech tenants come to DC and lease basing us. But we’re focusing on both home-grown and this summer working with Owen and Doug, we’re going to do a outreach to many of the major tech tenants throughout the United States, alerting them not only of the availability of great tech opportunities in Reston and DC, but in all of our core markets. And we’re going to take the show in the road to them to get them excited about coming not only to Cambridge or San Francisco but all other markets as well.
Ray Ritchey: So, I’ll take a shot at the Avenue first I guess. John, it’s a great asset in a great location, and we’re very proud of what we achieved there. But with a ground lease that is slowly ticking down that is hurtful both in terms of just the long-term ownership and also the REIT accounting coupled with the fact that it’s a pretty management intensive apartment with a lot of student housing. We just felt coupled with the cap rates we’re seeing for well located DC apartments we decided now the time is right. The allocation between the retail and the apartments themselves, hard to say how the buyer underwrote the respective cap rates of each, but there is no stronger retail in Washington than that ground floor. So I’m sure they did, they’re going to do very well there. Maybe Mike LaBelle could comment on the allocation on the price per units after the adjustment for the retail. But it was a great opportunity for us to harvest tremendous value on an asset that is not core to our presence here in DC.
Owen Thomas: Well, I can only make some cursory comments and I’ll let John Powers continue on. So, I, there seems to be a euphoria about what potential rents might be on Fifth Avenue locations and while we are very strong believers in the value of our real-estate. The ground floor is where the people are getting those big numbers not on all of the space, right. So, we have 14,000 square feet of ground floor space and it’s deeper than a typical floor would be. But we don’t know what the up or the appropriate level of rent will be, the market won’t let us know. Then we have some space that is below grade then we have sizeable amount of space on the second floor. So, as you think about the overall value that we might be able to achieve from that 64,000 square-foot piece of space if this kind of sort of categorize it appropriately. With regards to improvements, for the most part, tenants are putting the work in themselves. There will likely be some work that’s done to a plaza and Apple has talked about maybe doing some things to their store. But well, I’ll stop there and let John continue on.
Owen Thomas: So, just to give you a little more color on that. I would say that we are seeing the mid-size financials firms, in some law-firms expanding, not expanding significantly but expanding. So as I suggested, at 601 Lexington Avenue, we have two tenants, one is a law-firm and one of them is a financial firm and they are both looking for more space in that building. They are not looking for going from 100 to 150 they’re looking going from 100 to 120 or from 100 to 130 that sort of the range. And I would expect that some of the demand is being driven at 250 West 55th Street is both the efficiency associated with being a brand new building and all that brings to it, but a modest amount of growth, I mean, modest meaning 5% to 10% kind of growth. You may speak to those larger financial institutions, I haven’t seen much in the way there.
Owen Thomas: Jamie, its Owen, as I mentioned our - we sold little over $200 million so far this year. We’re evaluating some additional asset sales are estimates for 2015 would be approximately $750 million in sales. As you know, that’s less than what we saw in the last couple of years. And the other piece of it is I do think the execution this year at least as we see the pipeline right now are centered more around individual targeted asset sales as opposed to large scale joint ventures.
Owen Thomas: I think as we move forward beyond 2015, we’ll have to evaluate one market conditions to our capital needs and what the best way to raise capital is. And I think we’ll continue to have very selectively non-core assets that we want to sell from time to time.
Owen Thomas: Well, I mentioned approximately $1 billion of new developments that could be added this year. Mike talked a little bit about the restricted cash that we currently have on our balance sheet that could be made available. Certainly the $750 million of additional asset sales for this year, even net of tax gains would provide some additional proceeds to fund that development pipeline. In many of the developments, the larger developments that we’re doing are developments that have a joint venture partner. So, as an example, 1001 in DC, we have a 50-50 partner with the Stewart family at North Station, we have a 50-50 partner with Delaware North. And that means that we will be getting construction loans which we haven’t done on a number of our most recent financings for development projects we’ve been using cash. And we already own the land in these ventures. So, when you look at what we actually have to raise from an equity perspective, it’s a pretty small number if we finance 60% to 65% of these assets on a project secured financing basis.
Owen Thomas: John, I’ll wager my own opinion and you can contradict if you want. We are seeing that in our development property at 250 West 55th Street we’re actually hitting our pro forma. And that’s a pro forma that we put in place in 2011. And we assume that the market would grow. In our existing assets, I think that the Plaza District asset it’s very much a question of where it is in the building and what floor it’s on. And we’re trying to achieve the best rents we can for our shareholders and for the building. But then we’re probably seeing 4% to 5% growth year-to-year in “market rent” assumptions might be from one building to another.
Owen Thomas: Well, the good news is most of these tenants are under relatively long-term leases. And so, to the extent that we can’t accommodate their growth, they probably would need to sublet their space in to find satellite locations. We are, like we’re pretty creative about finding space. And as I suggested, what we did down in Princeton where we basically took a tenant, who didn’t have a lease to expire in for seven years and we figured out a way to relocate him and bring a new tenant in and then have them path to do that. We’re going to do everything we can to accommodate the tenants that we have.
Owen Thomas: Well, in terms of the cycle, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think we do see the capital market cycle being more advanced than the property market cycle. And relating that now the property values, I do think that the values of buildings advanced sooner as, normal than land values. But that being said, land values are also rising around the country. And we are looking at many sites in our core markets, it’s not easy today to find deals that completely pencil and we are being cautiously careful. I do think land probably to some extent does lag the building value, so we still see opportunity selectively. And I talked about the yields that we at least see in our current book and the developments that we intend to add this year, those being around 7% for on the office side and closer to 6% for the residential.
Owen Thomas: So, we are in active conversations with tenants on Zanker Road. The Silicon Valley is a pretty bifurcated market. So, what’s going on in Mountain View and Palo Alto are different than what’s going in North San Jose and in Santa Clara and to some degrees in Sunnyvale, where it’s not quite as frothy. The rental rate differentiation is enormous, and you’re talking about rents of $2.5 to $3 a square-foot for brand new property in North San Jose, Sunnyvale, Santa Clara and you’re talking about $7 or $8 a square-foot for new property in downtown Mountain View and even more than in Palo Alto. So, again it’s not as quite as frothy. I think what is happening is that the large tech tightens as we like to refer them and down the valley that the two largest have been Google and Apple have made a dramatic, dramatic impact on the availability of existing inventory and blocks of space. And so, things are getting more and more competitive. And that the users that we are seeing for Zanker Road are looking at it as a campus. And so, we’ve been less interested in talking to tenants that are looking for 150,000 square feet because it’s much more competitive there, but the tenants we’re looking for a multi-building campus and we have the ability if someone is prepared to pay for it, to build additional buildings on Zanker Road, so we can increase the density from 550,000 square feet to in excess of 1 million square feet. So that’s what we’re targeting the demand. And I would say that there is an active conversation that’s going on with those buildings on a continual basis. But we have not truthfully gotten anyone to say yes to what our economic desires are. And we’ve been the bridesmaid a couple of times with some of these larger requirements as well. But the market clearly has improved and I would say we feel better today about our chances than we did 12 months ago.
Owen Thomas: We would prefer to lease, the business that we’re in is the lease space. But we have been approached by users about either options to purchase or outright purchase decisions as opposed to these decisions. And we have encouraged them to tell us what they want to do and that we will respond to them regardless of what their requirement was.
Owen Thomas: I’ll make a brief comment and then I’ll let Bob Pester give some color on it. So, the only major block of sublease space that we’re aware of that impact of the market was 200,000 square feet of 555 Market Street which was on Omnicon sublease and as soon as Omnicon got out of it, Uber took the entire block of space. And every other major large block of space that we’re aware of has got scooped up. However, there are a lot of technology companies and private equities funded entrepreneurial organizations that don’t work and they don’t make it. And that there, so there is a lots of churn that goes on in a market like San Francisco. But again, it’s at the sort of smaller size range, it’s the 20,000 to 30,000 square feet. But I’ll let Bob provide more color on that.
Owen Thomas: Yes, we continue to target 7% for office and 6% for the residential for the pre-development projects that we would bring into the development pipeline in 2015.
Owen Thomas: My comment in my prepared remarks was that our spend is up, and our spend is up because we’re spending more time in the foundation work and in the shearing and the shoring. And we have yet to start the major concrete and seal work. Our expectation is that the building will be open for Salesforce with the TCO in the first quarter of 2017 or end of the first quarter of 2017. And that our spend is going to pick up and so this year we’re going to spend less and we’ll spend more in 2016.
John Powers: Well, I think Carnegie has done very well. And I think we’re very optimistic about that but there are a lot of moving parts right now. And as Doug said, a lot of the space is not right on Fifth Avenue and is not on grade. Although there are a lot of people visiting the Apple Store so we’re pretty optimistic but there are a lot of moving parts.
John Powers: Well, in our portfolio we took care of most of the law-firm expirations that were out before 2020 last year. So, those contractions, they are rebuilding the space now and all their plans were locked in last year, are locked in now. Clearly, the market is doing well but as tenants move, the resize, Skadden of course will make a major move. And our recon on that is that they will have some right-sizing in their portfolio. So I think that trend will be going on for a long time. It really only, the only opportunity that the firm has is to right-size is when they rebuild.
John Powers: This is John Powers. My comment was regarding only the law-firms, certainly on the smaller financials we’ve had pretty robust growth in the last quarter.
John Powers: Yes, this is John. And obviously we count square-footage different in New York than they do anywhere in the country. So you can add a good premium on to the New York numbers.
John Powers: It clearly doesn’t have to be one tenant. It would be unique opportunity for single tenants that could use that much space. But we have a number of scenarios that we’re looking at as to how to divide that up with Fifth Avenue with on the street are also likely to. So, there is a number of possibilities with the upstairs, with the downstairs, with the main floor, really lots of flexibility in how we do that.
Mike LaBelle: So, basically we have a policy of - we’re always setting up these 1031s whenever we sell assets, just in case we find some opportunity. And then we have 45 days to identify and six months to close. So, within the next six months we have to either find something to buy that fits or that money comes out of the escrow arrangement. At this point, obviously we’re actively looking at opportunities but as Owen described and we’ve described for quite a while, it’s challenging to find things that are going to fit what we’re looking for. So the likelihood of us being able to do that is, I mean, it’s uncertain but it could be low. If it comes out of the escrow it doesn’t mean that there is some sort of special distribution associated with it. We have indicated in our supplemental that the gains associated with the assets that we sold thus far are about $95 million. So, that would be the number that approximates what the tax gain would be for those sales. And presuming we’re right in line with our taxable income where our regular dividend is right now, that would drive potentially a special dividend. Obviously that depends on what the ultimate taxable income is for the company this year. But the $534 million is not something that would be part of the distribution, that would actually come into the company now than as unrestricted cash and be funded for our development pipeline.
Mike LaBelle: I think that when we look at our margins Jed and I think our margins, have been generally stable between the mid 65% to mid 66% range. So I expect us to continue to be operating in that range. I mean, we do we have seen some tax increases obviously in New York City. And we did for the first quarter, we saw some utility increases and we also saw snow related increases honestly that had a pretty significant impact in the Boston marketplace. We will recover some of that. But that recovery comes over the remainder of the year effectively, some portion of it comes in the first quarter, but the rest kind of is accrued through the rest of the year. So, I do think that expenses were a little bit higher in the first quarter but generally our margins are in line with where we expect.
Mike LaBelle: Obviously it’s up to the trustee and the bankruptcy court to approve these things. And they’re trying, I think they’re trying to when they have liquidity that is built up from selling assets, they try to distribute them as soon as they can. But they don’t provide any kind of forecast or views on when it’s going to be, how much it’s going to be or anything like that. And I do want to point out that these are with a couple of notes on this, that we believe the value of the remaining claim is $5 million. Our claim is $33 million left based upon what they actually owed us. But the value is closer to $5 million.
Mike LaBelle: Yes, I mean, they’ll pay-off whatever they have. Obviously it’s liquidating entirely, right. So, they’re trying to liquidate the assets they have and they have to conserve money to pay for the cost to kind of the legal cost to manage the estate, the trustee cost, all of those costs over time. And when they feel they have excess liquidity, they make a distribution but I just don’t know if it’s going to be in ‘15 or if it’s in going to be five years from now, we don’t know. And there is still litigation out there with Barclays that has an impact on what we actually may get. So, it could be zero, we just don’t know.
Mike LaBelle: That was assumed in our guidance. And we do not have expectations for any other significant events like that in our portfolio. We don’t have a lot of these JVs that have kind of promote features in them. This was more of a unique situation that occurred. And I would call, kind of a one-time event that affected our earnings and our FFO this quarter. And the future run-rate on 901 New York Avenue will likely go back to closer to what it was in the prior quarter.
Bob Pester: Yes, I would just add that San Francisco is cheap by comparison to other major cities where tech tenants are located such as London and Paris. And I think if you look at someone like a Salesforce for example, they’re paying a lot more in London than they’re paying here. And we continue to see these tenants pay up because they’re not going to have a choice, there is just not going to be space for them to go to unless they pay the rate.
Bob Pester: Yes. I would use the example of 680 Folsom where we had slack and about 11,000 square feet. They just expanded in are taking 40,000 square feet and now they’re building and that space has been on the market less than 30 days and it’s already been taken by another tenant. Salesforce has some space available at 1 California and 123 Mission. And when we were with Ford at Salesforce the other day, he said they have a great activity on that. So, when you take the total amount of square-footage that’s available on sublease which is about 650,000 to 675,000 square feet. It’s really just a blip down in the market.
Bob Pester: Yes, well, first off there is already three stairwells on each floor connecting the various floors, so it’s doubtful someone would add an additional stairwell. We’ve got a variety of users that we’ve been making presentations to, tech tenants, financial tenants and law-firms. So I would see a combination of single floor tenants and then some much larger users as well. Obviously, if someone like a Google came along and wanted a big block of space for 400,000 to 500,000 square feet, we do that type of transaction we are talking to single floor tenants right now as well.
Bob Pester: Well, we’re not asking triple-digit rents on our floors right now. But I think as far as rents in the high $80s to low $90s on a net basis, are realistic.
