Michael LaBelle: Yes. I mean, Alex, our goal is to continue to grow our earnings over time, no doubt about it. And we've got a very significant development pipeline and acquisition pipeline that we're working through to add to that growth over time that should result in additional dividend growth over time. So dispositions are a way to recycle capital. And we select assets based upon what we think their growth potential is, and we reinvest that capital into assets that we think are going to generate higher returns over time.
Michael LaBelle: So the -- it was actually revenue of $130 million that we were talking about in those areas. We do have some of it back. Obviously, the hotel, which used to generate about $15 million of NOI is still losing money. So that has not -- it's improved slightly, but it hasn't improved significantly at all. And the other areas on an NOI basis, we are somewhere around $60 million to $65 million short of where we were before on the retail and the parking.
Michael LaBelle: Which isn't -- that's not an IRR, right? So that's -- when we get done, we're yielding in the low 6s with growth, obviously, because there are typically escalations in rents. And if you put some leverage on that and you assume some cap rate differential between what your yield is and what you could sell it at, it gives you a healthy IRR.
Michael LaBelle: So we're not going to comment on what a tenant wants to do. Liberty Mutual purchased Safeco Insurance. Safeco Insurance has space on the sublet market. That would be an indication that they're not utilizing all their space. So that's probably an opportunity to have a conversation. With regards to what was spent on the building, almost all the capital that's been spent on the building has been on the bones of the building, not been on aesthetics, not been on place making. And that is -- that's going to be our primary focus in addition to making sure there's no deferred capital. We don't -- I don't have a budget I can give you. When we know what we're going to do and we present it to the Seattle office market, we will present it to you.
Michael LaBelle: I'll start to answer that, and then you guys can jump in if you want. Look, I mean we've got a very, very strong balance sheet, and we've got a significant amount of pre-leased developments that the money has already been spent and the income is coming in, in the next couple of years. So that balance sheet is only going to strengthen as that income comes in and brings our leverage down from a place where we're comfortable now, but bring it down to provide even more capacity. So we will continue to fund through some modest asset sales, some additional debt capital and utilizing private equity to help on any kind of acquisition type of an activity. Typically, we want to do the developments on our own unless somebody else owns the land. And that's the only way that we can access that. And we're comfortable with that strategy in the foreseeable future. That doesn't mean we would never bring in additional public equity into the company. That's really dependent on 2 things: one, the investment opportunities and profile that we think we're going to have over the next couple of years; and then obviously, what our share price is and whether we think that's an attractive cost of capital for us. So we look at all of those things when we think about funding future investments.
Michael LaBelle: And then, Caitlin, on the stuff in Boston, I thought I'd describe that. So at 880 Winter Street, which is part of our [indiscernible] pipeline now, as I said, we have a 16,000 square foot letter of intent already signed and we have 180,000 square feet of active proposals, some of which are actionable right now, and we're just arguing about economics. And then we actually are -- we are in discussions with some tenant at 180 CityPoint. These are not discussions that have gotten to the point where we have a letter of intent that we've said is close to being executable. That building also is later. So the sequencing is 880 is delivered and ready for people to be working in it in August of 2022. And then about a year later, 180 CityPoint is available. And that's why I said, if you think about that, we also have these 2 new buildings that we've acquired at -- on Second Avenue with a lease expiration in the fourth quarter of 2022 to right in the sweet spot of where all this activity is. I think -- if you listen to the market commentary on demand for life science, particularly in the greater Boston market, there's way more demand than there are existing opportunity to lease space. Lots of people are talking about building this supply. Most of that supply are larger projects that won't be completed until 2024 to 2026. So the sweet spot of the market, from our perspective over the next couple of years, has a significant amount of demand and very little competitive supply.
Owen Thomas: Yes. The only thing I would add is we've been selling $200 million to $300 million of noncore assets for about 5 to 7 years, and we're running out. We have fewer of them in terms of the noncore assets.
Owen Thomas: I think the other thing I would just add is, look, our rollover is modest. It's 6% in '22 and 5% in '23. A big chunk of it is in Boston, which is our strongest market. So we think we're going to do well there, and we're going to have roll-ups there. We also have some in San Francisco in the CBD, where again, I think we're going to see roll-ups. And as Doug described, we're already working on a lot of early renewals for '22 expirations that we think will exhibit roll-ups. There's very little in L.A. There's very little in D.C. And New York City has about 500,000 square feet in 2022.
Owen Thomas: Steve, I'll start and Doug may want to jump in. As I mentioned in my remarks, I -- we have a very active pipeline of investments that we've been reviewing for probably 6 to 9 months. Kelley Lovshin, who is on the call, moved to Seattle in February of 2020. And with her help on the ground, it's been a very active pipeline. I think it's robust because it's: one, both acquisitions and development; and two, as you're suggesting, it's in multiple geographies. So we've been looking in the CBD of Seattle where Safeco is. We've been looking at South Lake Union. We've been looking at the Bellevue area and to the east of there. So -- we think there -- it's a robust pipeline, and I think we will have success in growing out our region in Seattle in the near and medium term.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I think as we described the last few quarters, we felt there will be an opportunity to pursue high-quality, but unstabilized real estate at pandemic discounts. And we think we're seeing that in the market. I think the capital for office real estate for anything that's leased with a long weighted average lease term or certainly anything life science is robust, highly competitive. I could argue cap rates are going down. And as Doug just said, that's just not -- we don't see that value creation for our shareholders. What we want to do are things like Safeco that are not stabilized, great bones. And we think the competitive landscape for those kinds of assets is less than it is for the leased assets. And I think if our thesis holds true, which we obviously think it is, which is people are going to return to the office, I think the capital will follow what we're doing. And I think those transactions will get more competitive. But Jamie, I wouldn't leave you with the impression that there are not other bidders for these assets. But as you see from our success this last quarter, we have been able to buy quite a few things. And I think that is an indicator that pricing is somewhat different for that sector of our market.
Owen Thomas: Yes. We're -- look, we mark the market rents to market. If we think there's a change in market rents based on what's occurring, we underwrite that. I think we're conservative in the lease-up. I think those assumptions actually drive the bus more than anything. And we feel like we're being appropriately conservative. But over time, what we're trying to achieve is approximately a 6% NOI yield over time.
Owen Thomas: We are -- we would definitely look at a portfolio acquisition. As you know, we tend to aggregate our company and our portfolio one asset at a time, either through acquisition or development. But that would certainly -- portfolio acquisitions would be included. And no, we have not had discussions about joint venturing our existing assets. I want to just -- I want to clarify a word that you used that I don't think is necessarily an accurate statement about what we're doing. It's not a fund. It's a co-investment program. So every asset stands on its own. One or both or neither joint venture partner might elect to invest in a particular asset, and they're not aggregated into a "fund." So I just want to clarify that because I think it's important for you to understand.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So I think the most important differentiation, Manny, is that we already control most of the conversion and land that we're going to develop. I mentioned in my remarks, we already have 5.5 million square feet under control. So we don't have to go out and buy anything. And all those projects are in the nation's hottest life science markets. They're in Cambridge. They're in Waltham. They're in South San Francisco. They're now in Montgomery County, Maryland. So again, we don't have to go create the raw material to build our business. We already control it. Now that being said, fortunately, this last quarter, we did find some things that we thought were interesting. We bought a smaller existing lab building that's adjacent to a project we already had in Waltham, which we thought was a terrific, attractively priced tuck-in opportunity. And then our D.C. team got very comfortable with the Montgomery County market and found a very interesting transaction to open up basically a new life science market for Boston Properties. And we're in the process of closing the deal, and we're already in discussions with a number of users for that site. So we have high hopes. So anyway, I think that's the big difference is you hear a lot of people "getting into life science or growing in life science." We're going to do it by just executing on what we already control.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Yes, Michael, I think let me answer that in 2 different -- or I'll answer just 2 different questions. Look, I think we have said we don't -- we believe there will be some impact on the office market due to work-from-anywhere, but we just think it's overstated. If you look at the recovery of the office companies relative to other property companies and overall industry, it's much lower. So clearly, the market is concerned. It's not just about Boston Properties, it's about the whole sector and what this return-to-office profile looks like for office companies. So we acknowledge that's the case. In terms of BXP's differentiation, I would say 2 things are very important. One, we like our gateway footprint. We would acknowledge that in the short term, cities in the Southeast, Southwest, they're opening more rapidly. And perhaps in the short term, they might have better performance. But we believe, over the long term, our gateway markets that are increasingly driven by tech and life sciences demand and have some barriers to entry are long term the best place to be. And then the second thing that both Doug and I talked about in our remarks is applied to quality. If you look at the tour activity in high-quality building, our tour activity in New York is much higher in terms of number of tours this year-to-date than it was in 2019. If you look at assets like the GM Building, there's a lot of not only tour activity, but leases getting signed. And as Doug said in his remarks, when you're in a soft market, people want to upgrade their buildings and they want to go to quality. I also think a lot of the future in terms of work from home is I do believe corporate leadership wants to have their employees return to the office. And one of the ways they're going to do that is to have great offices. They're going to want to be in great locations, and they're going to want to have great space in place. And that's what we try to do.
Owen Thomas: Yes. We haven't seen much evidence of that. Our footprint, as you know, it tends to be in a more highly vaccinated parts of the country. So I think that's the first important point. I completely agree with the dynamic that you described of it, what is the employer preference and what is the employee preference. And I think that's a lot of the dynamic that's working itself out and determining office policies at this time. Look, the Delta variant could slow the recovery, but I don't think it's a matter -- I think the recovery is going to happen. So it's not an if question, it's a when question.
Owen Thomas: Basically, how we handled some of those leases where we had a retail tenant that defaulted, we terminated the leases. And then we -- in our rollout, we assume that it expires in the next quarter because they're sitting in it. And most of these tenants, we only have a couple left, but they're paying rent. And it's just a matter of time before we're able to kind of negotiate what the new deal will be. So the expirations in the third quarter in Boston are those situations. So as Doug described, we don't expect them to create vacancy.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So we -- I'll address that. Look, we set strategy top down. We like our gateway footprint, we think Seattle should be part of it. But the answer to your question is driven more by bottom-up opportunities. So we clearly want to be in Seattle. We're being aggressive there. We want it to grow. But it will be dependent on the volume and the timing of the attractive investments that we see.
Owen Thomas: And I think, Vikram, we don't have plans right now to grow that business. I mean that could change over time depending on the economic performance, but we don't have -- we're not planning to expand it at this time.
Owen Thomas: Look, we believe in our gateway strategy. We think Seattle was the logical expansion to -- as a gateway market. And there's plenty to do in the 6 markets we're in now. Vikram, you and others are focused on Seattle. I could argue we actually went into 3 new markets this quarter. One was the Park Avenue South, below -- Midtown South market. That's a new submarket for Boston Properties. The New York market is 3x the size plus of Seattle. It's got -- it's multiple cities in and of itself. We just went to a new one. And then our D.C. team went into the Montgomery County life science market, which we hadn't been in before, that's managed out of the D.C. region. So I think those 2 deals are evidence of all the robust opportunities we have to expand our footprint in our existing "region."
Owen Thomas: And then to your question specifically, we're going to need a really large tenant commitment to start 3 Hudson Boulevard or to start 343 Madison Avenue, which, by the way, won't even be in a position to start for a couple of years or any of the other land holdings that we have in our more urban locations.
Owen Thomas: Okay. Thank you, operator. We don't have any more formal remarks. And I just want to thank everybody on the call for their time and their interest in BXP. Thank you.
Douglas Linde: Yes. Like I said -- so we're -- with the end of the year, we're going to be at about 70% of our parking revenue. So that's a meaningful number for 2022 as people really start ramping up our monthly parking again.
Douglas Linde: So Steve, this is Doug. I'd answer the question in the following manner. We have relatively modest amounts of rollover in 2022. And we are covering vacancy today. The increase in our development activities that will happen in early '22 or late '21 are effectively buildings that are 100% leased. So if you look at our portfolio occupancy in the first few quarters of 2021, it will be picking up. I'm not smart enough to tell you when we're -- when we get to 92% or 93%. But that's -- I'd say that's the path we're on. We're -- today, we're very high, 88%, I think what, 88.6% this quarter. So I would hope that by the end of next year, we're going to be in the 90s again. And we may be significantly higher than that depending upon the recovery in the market, and honestly, how well we do with our life science developments. Because right now, we are developing stuff that we believe we'll deliver are 100% occupied.
Douglas Linde: And regarding Safeco, Steve, look, we are not looking to buy stabilized beautiful assets that are achieving a stabilized return of 3.5% to 5%, okay? That's not what we're doing. We're looking to find assets where we can create value through our operating prowess. And if you look at Safeco Plaza, it's an 800,000 square foot building that was built in the late 60s. It's got great bones. It's got great ceiling highs. It's got great views. And it's fine from an architectural perspective in the interior, but it's not fabulous. And our goal is to do what we did at 100 Federal Street with that asset, which was make that building something that it wasn't, which was a building that tenants wanted to go to as opposed to just another nice building in a CBD that was sort of moving one way or the other with the market. And we are actually -- we've got to figure out exactly what it is we think we can do and economically how to do that. And honestly, I would say that we are -- while there is a little bit of vacancy in the building, we're not in a rush to lease the space in the building tomorrow because we want to make sure we understand what the building could become and sell what it will be, not what it is. And so we're going to be thoughtful and constructive with how we do that. And obviously, it's a weaker market today than we believe it will be in 12 months and 18 months. And we hope when we're at a point where we've done the work, the building is going to have a very different reputation and a very different positioning in the building. And we're going to use the Boston Property skill set to do that.
Douglas Linde: I think, honestly, you're going to see very much what you saw in the 2016 to 2020 era, which is big tech is looking for really thoughtful, talented people. And they believe that the markets that they're currently in have some of those people and then there are places where they think they can expand. And so -- I mean there's a rumor that Facebook is looking for a couple of hundred thousand square feet in the Boston marketplace. We can tell you that there is a rumor that there's -- that Google and that Amazon are looking for additional space in the Silicon Valley. We see the requirements of what's happening right now in Bellevue and the amount of space that's under construction that we believe Amazon is going to be growing into. They don't announce when they do a lease, but that's the perception. So I just -- I think you're going to see more of the same. And these companies have enormous appetite for space and for talent. And whether or not antitrust impacts them from -- if it's 1 company or 2 companies or 5 companies, which obviously is a consideration, I do think that the growth is still going to be there.
Douglas Linde: Well, so timing is everything. And the reason I provide you with the information I do is because it is an indication of what is going on with the spaces that we lease today, which unfortunately, may not hit our supplemental statistics from a revenue perspective for 2 quarters, 3 quarters or 6 quarters. So I'm just trying to sort of give you a flavor of what is going on, on a relative basis, right? So it's very hard to sort of predict what's going to happen because I don't know which spaces we're going to lease and what the rent was versus what the rent might be on those spaces until it happens. So again, on average, everything I said was as basically down in New York City of 20%. That doesn't mean the market is down by 20%. It may mean that those leases might have had a negative mark-to-market in 2019 because the rent went way up in a particular building and the market just never got to where the increases were. But so things were down in New York, and they were flat in Los Angeles, again, on the portfolio of space we leased based upon what was being paid and what will be paid on a cash basis. And then the other places in Boston and in San Francisco, we were up about 20%. In Mountain View, we were up 60%. And in Reston, we were down, call it, 5% to 7%. But again, a lot of the space in Reston was vacant. So it wasn't down. It's actually 100% increase because that space had been vacant for more than 12 months, right? So that's the reason that we give you what we give you in terms of the data, so you can have a sense of what's going on, on a current basis.
Douglas Linde: I'd rather not give you explicit cap rates because we're -- these aren't closed and we have confidentiality agreements and such. I just would give you the following because I think this will be helpful. So 360 Park Avenue, as John Powers said, will be vacant in 2022. So I think the cap rate is obviously there. And the -- and as Owen said, the Shady Grove development, we intend to basically vacate all of those buildings as quickly as we possibly can. And so there's very little incremental income there. Safeco is a well-leased building at very below market rents. When we close, we'll be able to provide more detail on that. And I think we provided some detail on the Second Avenue and the...
Douglas Linde: And that's a -- if you back into that and you listen to what I said about where market rents are, you can get to where we think that's going to be in '22 when we release the building.
Douglas Linde: So the answer is there's nothing legally preventing us from having a conversation with the hotel operator about their contract, and there's nothing that legally prevents us from going to the Cambridge City Council and ask for a change in use there. So clearly, we have been successful and other -- doing other things like that in the city of Cambridge. And again, one of the things that people sort of -- I don't think they ignore it. They just don't appreciate it. We're going to build almost 1 million square feet of new lab or office space in Kendall Square that is currently being leased at rents of between $110 and $140 a square foot triple net. We have to build a underground parking structure for the existing space, and we have to give some below-grade ground to the local utility company. But that's going to happen sooner rather than later. So we have plenty of opportunity to grow our Cambridge portfolio.
Douglas Linde: So just to sort of put a finer line on it, this is Doug, everything that we have done to date, we are funding with our existing capital capacity in addition to all of the developments that are currently underway and are very comfortable with our overall leverage, our use of capital in terms of where the dollars are going and how those dollars are coming in to the extent that we need additional capital to fund that. I mean everything that we've announced to date has been funded.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So the only holes in our development pipeline to date are the Brooklyn Navy Yard, which is no longer part of development, which I described. And then our Reston Gateway project, which is -- and I'll let Jake and Pete Otteni, who are our regional team from Washington, D.C., talk about the leasing efforts there and sort of where we are.
Douglas Linde: Yes. So I want to be very clear. So the reason that the numbers are as poor as they are in the retail portfolio in New York is because we took some space back or we re-leased some space on an as-is basis in 2019, okay, not in 2020, at the General Motors Building on Avenue. And the rents were dramatically lower than what the in-place rents were. That's the reason for the change, and that's effectively what happened. So we are now leasing vacant space, and the vacant space is obviously all going to be incremental. The rents are market rents. They're depending -- upon where the spaces are, they're commensurate with what you would hear from a retail team. I don't want to negotiate rents on this call. But the spaces that we're negotiating, a fitness center in the basement of an office building or a high-quality restaurant in Times Square are very, very different because of the nature of the spaces and the marketplaces. But it's -- we are acting at the market.
Douglas Linde: So our biggest hole in Boston is at Lord & Taylor. And we have lots of active dialogue going on, on that space, which we haven't seen revenue on for over a year, I think, almost 16 months, which we now have back. The expiration that you're pointing to in Boston is actually not an expiration. It's a lease that is in litigation with the other anchor. They are now paying on a contractual basis. And I don't expect that, that lease will be terminated in the third quarter. Whether we are able to work something out with them on a long-term basis, unclear, but they're not going anywhere in the short term.
Douglas Linde: There was a space at General Motors that had a big negative markdown. And then there was also a space at 601 Lexington Avenue. So -- and I'm not going to tell you what the rents are. Like I said, I'm not going to negotiate rents for tenants on the phone.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And one of them was -- and just as an FYI, I mean, this is technical. One of them was actually paying 0 because they had defaulted on their re-lease. But we are using their what-was-contractual rent to define what the change in mark-to-market is, even though they hadn't paid rent in 6 months prior to the date that they terminated.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So let me just define what our platform is. So we have in Boston FLEX by BXP in 3 CBD office buildings and then 1 suburban asset. And the character of the leasing there has actually been that it's picked up significantly over the past quarter. We've done, I'd say, 6 or 7 deals, which have leased all of the space at our suburban location and the vast majority of our space at the Prudential Center location. And we're in activity at The Hub on Causeway. And the nature of all those tenants are companies that don't know what their long-term growth is. They don't -- didn't have office space prior to the pandemic. They want to get back quickly, and they just need space because they want their people together. And they're saying, we want to -- we're going to take this for 6 to 9 months, and then we're going to figure out how much we need. And then we'll decide if we want to do additional flex space with you or we want a long-term commitment. And again, our spaces are generally 4,000 to 6,000 square feet max, and we have a few that are a little bit smaller. But it's -- that's the character of the spaces.
Douglas Linde: In the perfect world, the tenant would like to have an ability to get out of their lease whenever they can. We obviously -- we don't provide that kind of flexibility. As I think Owen said in his remarks, our average leases that were signed this quarter were 7.5 years. Typically, we've been telling people that we have an average lease length of 8 years. So it's de minimisly less. But again, the leases that are in active negotiation right now are all on average 10 years or more, all the activity that I described, including the life science stuff. And I would tell you that tenants would like -- as I said, would like to have more ability to be flexible in their space and buy their way out of leases. And occasionally, we are giving some of that flexibility after longer periods of time. You sign a 10-year lease, and you can terminate after the seventh year or something like that. But there really hasn't been any shift in the profile of the amount of time that the companies that are looking at our kind of spaces are expecting. And all of our build-to-suit stuff is still 10, 15 or 20 years.
Douglas Linde: I would say the only other project that is in our land portfolio this time that we're looking is the blocky residential development in Reston Next. I think that could be a start. You can see later this year, early next year.
Douglas Linde: I would say that we're not seeing people trading up from true Class B space because true Class B space is significantly less expensive than Class A, but we are getting tenants who are in what I would refer to as A minus minus buildings that are looking at our assets. In other words, modern inventory of office space that has really not been either amenitized as not -- where the landlords don't even understand what it means to create great place and great space, where they haven't made the changes to the infrastructure of the buildings, but where the building is well located. And so those tenants are there because of that and they're sort of saying, "Wait a minute. Given everything that's gone on and the importance as Owen described of having great places for their employees to want to come back to and the health security issues that we've talked about ad nauseam for the last couple of quarters and how we're dealing with those things, there's just -- there's a flight to those kinds of environment that I believe is occurring." And so to answer one of the questions that was asked previously, I do believe that there will be buildings that were built, call it, in the modern era, so in the '70s, '80s, '90s, 2000s, that have not been well maintained or well thought of with landlords who really aren't thinking about the long-term viability of their buildings. They be left behind in our core cities as people move to better buildings and better -- with better landlords and better activities for their customers.
