Doug Linde: Well, on your first question, John, on Salesforce, we're not going to try and hazard a guess on how somebody might value the building. I think we generally view that high quality CBD assets that Owen has been describing for, I don't know, the last six quarters or seven quarters or eight quarters have been trading at valuations -- initial cap rates in somewhere between high 3s and low 5s depending upon the rent roll. I think the most interesting thing about Salesforce.com Tower is that it's underleased at this point. There's been so much growth in underlying rents in San Francisco that we have a big mark-to-market in that building. So I think that there's a lot of value creation there. With regards to Marriott, that is simply a question of when their lease expired in Bethesda out in democracy and when we can physically build the building. We are going as quickly as we possibly can, and our hope is to start our foundation work in the middle of 2018, which will allow us to deliver the shell and core to Marriott to build out their TIs in the middle of 2021.
Doug Linde: So MoFo is a tenant at 250 West 55th Street, so we don't have any Washington, D.C. exposure. I get together with people in Boston. We talk about what you've described with the head of the Federal Reserve in Boston every 90 days. And my conversation and comments have been that we continue to see two things going on with the inputs for new buildings. One is that labor costs are going up, and they're going up at a reasonable rate. The average union contract, I think, has got a 3% or 3.5% annualized increase. And it gets built into -- every six months, there's a portion of that that occurs. And the second is just how busy people are. And so the busier the sub-trades are, the less attractive it is for them to bid on new business, which means that they're bidding to lose effectively. And so they're pushing up their profit margins. And so those inputs are causing issues. And I think the one that's most interesting right now is, for example, the cost of concrete and the way the structures are being built in Washington, D.C. There seems to be so much going on that there's some significant pricing increases going on in that particular labor input. So we are seeing a higher rate of increase in our construction costs, and we are building those escalations effectively into all of our budgets that we're putting together. And so all of our returns that we described to you assume that, that escalation is the input when we actually come to a [GNP] and we finalize the bids on all of our subs.
Doug Linde: And on the funding side, I think we made it pretty clear, when Mike made his presentation and James Magaldi made their presentations at our Investor Conference, that our net debt-to-EBITDA is going down, down, down. And we are burning off a significant amount of the development pipeline that's currently in process because those buildings are coming to fruition, and they're going to be cash flow positive. And so, effectively what we're doing is replacing the $2.5 billion to $3 billion that's currently today underway with a similar amount, with a much higher capacity to use our balance sheet to fund that. So again, if the question is, do we have a concern about funding, and are we raising equity, I think the answer is we don't have a concern, and we're not planning on raising any equity.
Doug Linde: And any time you can add a Fortune 50 name to the Reston tenant occupancy list, that's a plus. So it was not a strategically-important site, and it really just continues to validate Reston as the premier corporate location in the suburbs of Washington.
Doug Linde: So the lease is in full force and effect, and we expect Under Armour will occupy the building. We're not delivering the space to Under Armour probably until the very end of 2018, and then they're going to have to build it out. So my guess is their plans don't assume that they're going to be in there for quite some time. Remember, Under Armour had $1.4 billion of sales this quarter. They still expect to be over $5 billion for 2017. Even after a restructuring charge, they had positive net income. They have a net debt-to-EBITDA of just 1.5 times. This is a real strong company, and there's no question that their growth trajectory has changed over the last two quarters. But we're believers.
Doug Linde: I think that's a question he's got to -- I'm not going to let him answer until he does some math. I think that we attempted to give you an answer to that by describing the increase in our revenue from '17 to '18. The issue with doing it on an NOI basis is that the development contribution is dependent upon the buildings coming online, and the margin on those development pipelines changes over each quarter as the space is delivered. So I think Mike will have to get back to you on that one.
Doug Linde: From a weighting perspective, it bore way more than its fair share of the roll-down. As I said, we had about 190,000 square feet of space rolling over. And most of the space in New York City was rolling up. We had a couple of small pieces of space that rolled down. But if you were to pull that one out, we would have had a significant roll-up in New York City.
Doug Linde: So there's very little rollover on a going-forward basis in New York City at this point. And so as we lease up space, what hits our statistics are, for the most part, the leases that are within one year. And so, for example, were we to lease the space at 399 that is currently available, you would see basically a flat number. The rents that rolled off were in between the high 80s and low 100s. And we expect the base of the building will be leased in the high 80s, and we expect the space in the tower will be leased in between $105 and $120 a square foot. So as I think I've said this for a couple of quarters, we're basically running to be in place at that building. If we were to lease the 33rd or 34th floor of the General Motors Building, there would be a very big roll-up because those rents were very low when we took the space back from Weil Gotshal. And those are the two major parts of the vacancy, where there was a second generation that occur in 2018.
Doug Linde: We're going to roll space that's leased at $105 a square foot and, hopefully, we'll get $120 or $125 a square foot. That's the sort of the nature of the difference in the rents.
Doug Linde: I'll make one short comment, and I'll let John -- John, if you want. So big picture, what we did is we substituted a 102,000-square foot really big base floor on three with 2 60,000-square foot floors on eight and nine. So we immediately improved our sub-divisibility. John, you can talk about the block.
Owen Thomas: John, on the sales -- just to add to what Doug said on Salesforce, we've also said that we're going to deliver the building at -- in excess of a 7 yield. And as I've been pointing out, as Doug mentioned, the comps in San Francisco for new buildings are definitely in the 4s cap rate-wise. And per square foot values have been rising. They pierced $1,000 of square foot in the last year, and there have been several trades above $1,000 a foot.
Owen Thomas: So Jed, to answer your question, we don't have a cap. We do obviously pay attention to how much development we have as a percent of our total enterprise. We think right now, it's around $3 billion. And we're over a $30 billion enterprise, so we think that's completely reasonable. However, I would also point out that these developments that we just added this quarter, they're 100% leased, so add very attractive development yield. So our real -- obviously, we have theoretical credit risk with the tenants, but also the delivery risk of the building in terms of costs and timing. But those are very different risks than building spec buildings or building partially-leased buildings. So again, we don't have a cap. And all of the development that I described is either fully pre-leased or very substantially pre-leased. And that continues to be a condition going forward.
Owen Thomas: Sure. So the parcel of land that Ray will describe is more of a -- I guess, what you'd refer to as a greenbelt parcel as opposed to an urban parcel in the center of Reston. And it's a site that we've owned for the better part of 15 years, and it's really not part of the Reston Town Center development per se. It's actually physically, I think, 1.5 miles to the south. And so we had a corporate user who came along and said they wanted us to build the building for them. And we said, we'd love to build the building and lease it to you. And they said, we want to own and so, ultimately, we decided to sell it.
Owen Thomas: One of the most interesting things about when you do development is that we provide TI dollars to a lot of our customers. And a lot of them spend the money, and it takes them a long time to ask for it. And so the outflow that Salesforce Tower on the TI side are not insignificant, and there -- we just haven't gotten much of a draw yet. And so we're getting the advantage of not having to pay the capital out as early as we would have liked.
Owen Thomas: We're not going to comment on specific investments that we're pursuing. As you know, we are -- our goal is to grow in L.A., and we're going to do it on a measured basis. We're actively looking at both development opportunities and acquisitions. I would say that our pipeline has probably improved over the last month since the Investor Conference. We've seen more things. I think having our new colleague, Jon Lange, on the ground in L.A. has also been very helpful.
Owen Thomas: Our posture hasn't changed on coworking or on WeWork. As I think we have all described in different ways, we have felt that coworking and, therefore WeWork, has been a positive factor for the office business this cycle. I think we gave some data at the Investor Conference that coworking represented around 20% of the net absorption in the country. And again, that's a big positive. With respect to WeWork investing in real estate, one thing that is -- certainly, if you study it, people are aware of, they're not doing it all themselves. They have a partnership with an outside fund manager. And I don't know the specifics of what the percentage interests are in all these properties, but WeWork is not buying all these buildings 100% onto their balance sheet. They're doing it, I assume, partially, but not fully. And they, again, have a partner with which -- with whom they're doing it. And we certainly haven't run into a situation where we have -- are competing with them for investing in a particular building.
Owen Thomas: Well, as I said, transaction volume's down overall in the country. The number's around 27%, and it's true in New York as well. I do think more of the assets have traded to long-term institutional holders now, particularly the larger trophy assets like REITs and other institutional holders. And they're less frequent sellers versus investors that are more opportunistic and have a shorter-term time frame. And so by definition, I think you see less assets in the market, and I also think the investment community is becoming more exacting about risk. So is this building -- just being in New York's not good enough. Where is it in New York? What's the location? Public transportation? Neighborhood? And then the leasing status. The leasing risk is less of interest, and I think return requirements for those kinds of risk have gone up. In terms of -- but that being said, I think there's a continual rotation of investors that are in and out of the market. I think that New York and our other gateway markets continue to be of interest to investors from Canada, the Middle East, Europe, China, Japan, Singapore, other places in Asia. I don't think that's changed. I think there is a little bit of cycling. Right now, perhaps the Chinese investors are a little bit less active. The Japanese investors are getting a little bit more active. In terms of forecasting for next year, it's difficult. I do think it's going to be very related to interest rates. And as I mentioned, even though we see some things that might lead you to think interest rates will be higher, like the Fed increasing the short end of the curve and the gradual reduction of QE, I do think we're going to continue to operate in a relatively-low interest rate environment. And therefore, the yields from real estate will be attractive. And I think New York and our other gateway markets will continue to be of keen interest to institutional investors from around the world.
Owen Thomas: I think what Mike's just saying with less buildings on the market that also creates more scarcity when one does come on the market.
Owen Thomas: That completes our call. Thank you for your questions. Thank you for your interest in Boston Properties, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in Dallas in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Mike LaBelle: I think also, on Marriott, the one thing that Doug pointed out that's important is we're not going to be done with our obligation in 2021, which is building the shell. So it's kind of a 2.5-year, maybe a 3-year process. But Marriott is then going to do all their TI work and get into occupancy, and we can't recognize any revenue until they're done with that. So we're kind of -- we're dependent upon them to kind of finish that and be in sometime in '22 before we can actually book any revenue.
Mike LaBelle: And only one of the tenants we're talking to in Washington has a presence with us in one of our buildings.
Mike LaBelle: So the guidance doesn't include any dispositions or acquisitions at all for 2018. And as I mentioned, at 399 Park, we do not expect any of that space to be in our occupancy figures in 2018. As I mentioned, the space, really, it's 20-year-old Citibank space that needs to be demoed and rebuilt. The new tenants coming in are going to be putting in their tenant improvements, and they won't be able to get those tenant improvements complete before the end of 2018 even if we signed a lease today. So we won't be able to get any revenue or any occupancy, we believe, in 399.
Mike LaBelle: Because the space is demoed, we can't start revenue. The GAAP rules are that the space has to be ready for its intended use. So if you have somebody that comes in and uses the existing improvements, even if they make some of their own changes on their own -- not necessarily dime, but on their own, then you cannot recognize revenue until they're done.
Mike LaBelle: I mean, the size of our same-store pool is $1.460 billion approximately. That's the kind of 2017 roughly same-store contribution. So if you want to add the $40 million to $50 million of development NOI to the guidance that I provided on the same-store of 0.5% to 2.5%, I guess, that's how you would get it.
Mike LaBelle: No. I mean, there's nothing specific. Obviously, we do re-projections every quarter. We do re-projections on what our development outflows are and how they're going to be funded versus cash, versus use of our line based upon what our projections tell us. And that we've got some refinancing that we still need to do on a couple of loans that expire in 2018. So you kind of change around what you think the interest rates might be and some of the timing might be on that as well as, again, at -- last quarter, we expected that we would be in our line in December. We now don't expect that we'll be in our line until February, and that's simply a function of the development outflow changing a little bit. So when you kind of put all those things in the model, it just brought the interest expense down a little bit.
Mike LaBelle: We did our best to try to, at our Investor Conference and in the last couple of quarters, describe the impact that 399 Park would have on our same-store growth. If it weren't for those 200 basis points, our same-store would be up like 2.5% and 4.5%, which is really pretty strong, I think. So I feel like we tried to do everything we could in the major items. Perhaps the termination income that is down $18 million, maybe some people didn't kind of focus on that.  Although, all the termination income that we're talking about for 2017 is already in the numbers, right, and we've already got $22.5 million of the $24 million that we project. So I think that we typically and The Street typically understands that we don't estimate that we're going to have big terminations in the following year that we don't know about. I also think that the refinancing of the GM Building was very confusing because of all the impact on our non-controlling interest and our interest expense. And I'm very happy that it's now cleaned up, but until you kind of get through a full year of it or a full run rate of it, it's just kind of harder to estimate. So some of the non-controlling interest that -- I commented in here non-controlling interest in our guidance is up by $8 million, at the midpoint about $0.05. Maybe people didn't quite get that, and it really had to do with both their share of the demolition expense is not happening anymore in the GM Building refinance. So I think those are the areas.
Mike LaBelle: Yes. So I mean, we've talked before about where we are and where we expect to be in 2017 from a taxable income perspective and our dividend, which is I think fairly close in line. We haven't made any decisions on our dividend for the fourth quarter of 2017. We're going to be meeting with our board in the fourth quarter to talk more about it. I mean, I can say that we believe our cash NOI is going to grow significantly over the next few years. And if we don't sell a lot of assets, which are not currently in our business plan, our expectation over the next few years is we would have dividend growth in line with what that growth is. But we haven't made any decisions yet about this year.
Mike LaBelle: I think that as Doug said, the rent spreads are pretty flat. The one deal that we do have going on is we've got 60,000 square feet rolling at 601, where we've got an active tenant on one of those floors, that's two floors, in one of those floors. So that hopefully will happen with no downtime. The other floor we're going to assume is going to be down for a period of time. So I think for the most part, that rollover, we're expecting that it would have a negative impact on our 2018 guidance because we would have some downtime with all of that piece.
Mike LaBelle: So our guidance expectations are that we refinance it within 90 days of its maturity. There's an open window, and that we refinance it with a comparable term. So if you kind of look at our expiration ladder, 2028 is open for a 10-year deal. We can do a 10-year deal today at about 3.5%. Also open is 2025. So we could do a 7-year deal, and a 7-year deal is closer to 3.25% today. So I think that's what we probably would think about from a maturity perspective. I don't think we would go out and do a 30-year or something like that. And with respect to timing, we'll see. We're always kind of monitoring the market and looking at where we think interest rates are going, where we think the bond market is going. And the bond market has been very [pitiful] in 2017. I have no reason to believe why it won't continue to be so, but we're consistently looking at those markets.
Mike LaBelle: It's fair to say that the prepayment penalty associated with the 19 and the 20s is pretty high, and which makes it a little bit less attractive to try to do something like that. We do these calculations all the time and thinking about it all the time, and we'll continue to do so, but it's certainly not in any guidance that we have.
Mike LaBelle: That's only assuming the existing pipeline that we've shown everybody. So it does not assume that we're successful in signing additional leases at some of the other properties that both Owen and Doug talked about, which would increase our pipeline. And some of those properties would start to fund in 2018, so that would increase the requirement to fund those and also increase our capitalized interest, however. Again, normally, funding development projects doesn't necessarily increase your interest expense because you've got a capitalized interest offset. But in this case, we're delivering a lot of stuff in '17 and '18, which causes us not to kind of get the benefit of that, which is why almost all of the funding that we have projected so far for '18 kind of just drops into the interest expense bucket as an increase in interest expense.
Mike LaBelle: The range we provide is only on a consolidated basis. So it's kind of unusual that we have a big change on the unconsolidated JVs, and it's typically pretty small because that portfolio's pretty small. But this quarter, obviously, I wanted to point it out because it does affect '18. We -- on the NOI for the unconsolidated properties, we include that in our same-store guidance, our share. So the only thing we kind of don't pick up is any changes in interest expense that might affect year-to-year. And as I said, typically, it doesn't have much of an impact. This year, it does, which is why I wanted to point it out on the call and to put it in our press release.
