Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Let me just tie together two things that I said, one of them is that we do foresee a slower sort of economic recovery than many but again, as we have said many times you have to [inaudible] the markets. The upper end of the market, the higher quality space we believe will do a lot better. I mean, just look in New York, there’s no space available in our buildings and as we now go in to further renewals or whatever limited space we have left, we’re continuing to step up the rents. Now, this will reflect itself even more strongly I believe when there is a stronger economic recovery. So I think in terms of making acquisitions we are still comfortable with taking a longer term view and we do believe that three, four, five years out we’re going to be very happy that we had the cash today to buy the kind of high quality assets or invest in the type of high quality assets that has been our basic strategic space since we started the business. We’re really as always frankly, really looking to a longer term perspective in the types of investments or developments that we will undertake and we still think that those kinds of developments will do well. It may not do extremely well in the shorter term but in the medium term and the longer term we think they’ll do very well. So, that’s still our basic sort of analytic structure as we look at investments and whether they be acquisitions or developments.  We do think that yes, there is capital but as Doug pointed out there’s a combination that is needed. It’s not just capital, it’s also operational ability and here is where we think we have a competitive advantage in terms of understanding what we can and what we cannot do. So, we obviously are at this point modestly bullish. I don’t want to over state anything until we can actually announcement some things. But, I do think we are modestly bullish about what we can do with the additional capital.  Again, we’re not trying to pretend that this is going to have a huge uptick from day one although we will have the uptick in the sense of the alternative investment of capital. We’re clearly going to do better than what we’re currently able to invest the capital in so we’ll have that short term benefit. But, in terms of the longer term investment on the assets that we either buy or begin to develop, we think that will work out very well for us.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, we all at this point can’t be totally sure about how it’s going to come out and it’s been held up by two different votes in the Senate because all 41 Republicans are basically saying that the democratic proposals are not going to pass muster as far as they’re concerned. I do think it’s going to have some effect in terms of the kind of leverage in particular that has been available for a number of these funds, particularly for the library large hedge funds. I don’t really think it’s going to effect – if this doesn’t get in to a very nasty political fight, what has been going on and I’ve been very critical of this publically on television and in writing, it is an attempt really to demigod the financial industry as far as I am concerned and make it look as if it is the financial world that is responsible for the great recession that we are in. That is just unfair.  The financial world is responding primarily to the collapse of the housing market and what that meant for the securitization market. There were some excesses in terms of lending without question and maybe in terms of investing but it was fundamentally these programs that were initiated I might add, by the Congress in mandating Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac and the FHA to really do a lot of things that I think they would regret and frankly a lot of banks made a lot of credit card lines available that have been cut back dramatically. So we are in a transition period in that regard. I expect again in the short run it’s going to have some affect. But, I’ll say this about New York and I said it after 9/11 and I said it many times before, the great strength of New York is that it has the most talented people of world of finance working here. I don’t mean this to disparage anybody in any other city but if you want to take it not just pound for pound but just in terms of both quantity and quality, this is a city that attracts talent because it nourishes talent, welcomes talent, celebrates talent and rewards talent and that’s the key to the future of these businesses. You can get the most talented people in so many different industries. I mean I was just at a conference that involved 50 or 60 CEOs from major Chinese businesses. This is their first destination and it’s not just finance, it’s finance related businesses and other businesses so I do think that frankly whatever the short term bump may be, and it will be something, I don’t know how serious it will be but it will be something, I do think that New York’s major assets really are vested in the people that these kinds of firms can hire when they have their offices there in New York. Of all the markets we are in I have to say I think we have seen how well New York City has performed and I think it’s going to continue to perform very, very well over the intermediate term and certainly over the long term. As I said, the one thing that is remarkable at New York at this stage of the game is there is virtually no new construction going on with any kind of available space. This has been typical of the kind of roller coaster issues of supply and demand but it’s also typical of a market that is really constrained in terms of the availability of sites. So, I find myself feeling quite bullish about New York and I do think that New York therefore will frankly do as well as any other market over any kind of reasonable length of time in the real estate business.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Let me explain. There have been no decisions made about that but I will tell you this, we have a unique structure, this is $3 trillion development. At this stage of the game nobody – it is going to be the dominate building downtown both for the city but particularly for international tenants. We will have a very, very limited investment that will be less than 5% of that total cost, less than 4% of that total cost in fact and it will be in a preferred position.  Frankly, there are some projects you do not just to maximize the financial return but also to establish another layer of the creditability of this firm. We will be very happy to do that transaction under the circumstances that we have proposed to the various public authorities. It is not an accident that four of the major firms in this city entered in to that competition. I can understand why they’re doing it and I can certainly understand why we are doing. Again, because of confidentiality I really can’t talk too much about it but I think we will all be very comfortable all of the different elements that go in to being involved in a transaction like that. What I don’t want you to come away with is a feeling that we’re treating this as a normal development, we are not and nobody can. It is a project of an incredible cost and will be an incredible icon for the city of New York. But, the vast, vast bulk of all of the funding and financing is going to be put up by the public authorities. 
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I would say that is the reason we have been outbid on each of these three properties that Doug referred to. I don’t think we are looking to that kind of increase. I think we will see increases I just don’t think they’re going to be in the next three years at the level of that kind of double digit level. We think they’ll be double digits perhaps but not nearly at the 25% level. I think what he is talking about is the fact that we do see the financial world is frankly picking up steam in a lot of different ways and associated people who service the financial world will be doing the same. Also of course, there is very little vacancy I believe not just in our buildings but in all of the first class or A or A- buildings. I think this is the rational for what they are seeing. We are frankly more cautious and more conservative in our estimates and I think that is what explains why people have out bid us on a number of these properties and frankly, I hope they’re right.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, we are in a competitive market and we are still going to maintain whatever our sort of standards are for how we invest the funds. Bear in mind we have not just a financial ability but we have an operational ability that we think will make a difference and in particular we have the opportunity to do some major developments where we think we will do very well and there are unique situations that might come up that provide us with those opportunities and we are working on some of them and we’re comfortable with that sort of mix of opportuinities. We have performed well, if I may say so in good markets and in bad markets for now over four decades and we think we will continue to be able to do that and you will have the opportunity to review what we do and I think we will be able to produce as we have in the past. It’s hard for me to just sort of speak in more than generalities because there are things going on that we just simply aren’t in a position to talk about until they’re finalized. As we hope they come in to clear site you will understand the rationale for what we are saying.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Let me just deal with the first reference, I must say this situation in Greece is really critical for Europe in a sense because it leeches in to the banking system since the European bank holds so much of the Greek sovereign debt. You want to talk about a too big to fail situation, in a way they are too big to fail, too small as a country and too big as debtor to fail.  I do think sooner or later they’re going to work something out that is a standoff between Germany and the countries it represents and the Greek government which of course doesn’t want to introduce the kind of tax increases or cost of government reductions in various government programs. They’ve got to work something out and they both know it and they’re playing chicken at this stage of the game and I just hope nobody plays that game for that one step too late and I doubt if they will because it is just impossible to let this whole thing to go under. It would be terrible for Greece and terrible for Europe and they both know it.  But, it would have international consequences, there’s no doubt about that. I think it’s a scary situation. As far as we concerned here in this country I really do not think that we are going to – let me put it this way, I don’t think there are any inflationary pressures in this economy and there will not be inflationary pressures of anything significant for several years to come. Therefore, I think the feds have no choice but to be very careful about what they do with interest rates.  Nobody quite knows what’s going to happen going forward. I mean we’ve been, and I am happy to say we were much more pessimistic than most people several years ago and acted on it and we are still if not pessimistic cautious and the reason for that is fairly simple. We are in an unprecedented situation and it being unprecedented, it is unpredictable. Everybody can make different judgments about how it’s going to go, we’ve taken a more cautious view of it and I’m frankly very happy that we did. I will also tell you that I think we have done better than one would have thought even given how serious the recession was. But, I will remind you that the Queen of England when this whole thing exploded addressed a group of economists gathered by the Economist Magazine and famously said to them, “How come none of you saw this was coming?” Well, the reason why most of them did not was it is unprecedented and therefore unpredictable and as we work through it, it is still unpredictable. There are still a lot of problems. There could be another serious drop in housing prices. State and local governments are under terrible, terrible pressures financial and fiscal pressures and there’s going to be a continuing erosion of employment in that sector. There is I think a large drop in investment spending, capital spending overall though in some sectors it is beginning to show some form of life. You could go through a whole list of things where you could say they could go in either direction.  I am worried about the fact that a lot of companies have realized that they can operate quite successfully with fewer employees and to my great dismay, with less advertising. This is something that is going to come back but it is going to come back quite slowly. I do think though that we are on a positive trend now. I do think it’s not just that we avoided thanks frankly to Ben Bernanke, rather than to the government’s stimulus program although that helped, we avoided a major financial crisis. I think we’re pretty much beyond that concern although there are still a lot of issues that still have to be resolved that is going to keep the financial world in a fairly cautious posture. But, having said that I still think we are now on a positive uptrend. I may not be as bullish as others but I still think it’s positive and frankly, I’m open so I do think interest rates are going to stay fairly low for quite a period of time. They are certainly going to be low by historical standards. They may be up a little bit from where they are now but I still think those are very, very attractive financial markets for people like us who are borrowers. I think the more difficult thing is in this kind of economy is as we estimate it is are we going to be able to find the kind of investments that make this kid of funding appropriate. We think we will have a competitive advantage, not an overwhelming one but a good enough so that we’ll be able to do fairly well with it given the level of interest rates that we think we are looking at and looking forward to.
Douglas T. Linde: I don’t want to disparage other people’s transactions. Obviously, the pricing that we had was lower than the pricing where the deals ultimately priced. We’ve underwritten everyone of those deals pretty hard and in certain cases we’ve just looked at ourselves in the mirror and said, “Does it really make sense to stretch on this deal given what we believe the other opportunities are that will present themselves and what our return expectations?” To date, we just haven’t been prepared to do it.
Douglas T. Linde: I do but again, I just don’t feel comfortable talking about a confidentiality agreement that has bound me. 
Douglas T. Linde: But, the fact of the matter is that we do have a operational expertise that we can bring to the table here to really hopefully help the port authority manage its way through what’s going to be a very complicated and long road to successful completion of that building and the marketing of that building. And, to the extent that we can do it in a way where our capital is thoughtfully invested we will do that. We have an organization that can bring something to bear that would be a good thing for both the city and for us.
Douglas T. Linde: Well I guess we’re in round three of God knows how many. Hopefully it’s just four rounds. We continue to cooperatively engage with the representative of the Port Authority in answering their questions and providing them with additional information. We hope they’re going to make a decision sooner rather than later.
Douglas T. Linde: I’m going to try to answer this very succinctly and I apologize if it doesn’t give you a full answer but if I answered it fully I would be talking for the next 25 minutes. Big picture, professional services firms went through a downsizing in people and they are now going through sort of a rationalization realignment of their new premises on a going forward basis. Most of them are going to be getting smaller marginally, 10%, 15%. Technology companies and corporate America in our portfolio in our cities we think are on the margin going to stay where they are from an overall platform perspective but not grow as quickly as they were growing in 2006, 2007, 2008 even. From an overall concession perspective, the tenants that are in the market today are looking to try and achieve savings in rents that they’re currently paying, lock in as long a term cost basis as the possibly can and for the most part are really not looking for much in the way of options that are driving those transactions as opposed to in 2007 expansion space and getting must take or option space in three and five and seven years were predominately the drivers of many transactions. Now, it’s if we can reduce our rent and we can lock in on that number for a long period of time we’ll figure out how we’re going to grow if we grow later on. That’s sort of how I would answer the question.
Douglas T. Linde: The other thing Russ is that all space is not the same even if it’s in the same market and it’s in two buildings next to each other. I guess one of the postulates that we make is that some of these buildings are going to languish and other buildings are going to perform in a much stronger capacity and knowing which of those buildings to put your money in to is probably more important than necessarily picking the market.  So those are decisions that we have to make on an asset-by-asset basis. But, big picture the tenant demand in various markets is changing as time goes on and buildings that might have been suitable for certain types of institutions at certain times over the last 20 years may not be the same on a going forward basis and we have to think about those issues when we’re making our investments.
Douglas T. Linde: I think the answer is if it makes economic sense the answer is absolutely yes. Economic sense means rental rates get to a point where they justify new construction and starting with a project where you have to buy land from somebody and then build a building the question is whether or not those lines will cross sooner rather than later. If you said predict where you would start a building which might have some speculative leasing associated with it, there are clearly three places where that could happen in my mind. New York City is obviously one of them.  The second would be the District of Columbia, not in 2010 or 2011 but in 2013 or 2014 because there is literally nothing of quality being built right now and as buildings in DC are limited by their size, as tenants have to grow and look overall at their footprints out three or four years, they’re going to run out of options to have big continuous blocks of space so I think there’s an opportunity potentially there and we happen to have this building which we purchased from NPR which is a development site that we’re going to start drawing probably sometime later this year or next year so that we’re in a position to accommodate those tenants.  Then, there’s an interesting phenomena going on in some of our suburban markets and particularly Boston where there are tenants who are looking at the available inventory and are saying, “The stuff that is out there is not the stuff that we really want and we may be willing to pay a premium to go in to a new building that is constructed with more of an amenity base, a better floor plan, a better window line, with better materials that may have a more energy efficient sustainable quality to it.” Those are sort of I would say the three areas where I would say there is a chance for a building to be built other than the built to suit in a Princeton or northern Virginia when the GSA or some corporate user comes along and says, “We want a building for ourselves.”
Douglas T. Linde: I would say that there isn’t a week that goes by that we don’t get in a room with some institution and/or foreign investor who is interested in doing an acquisition or a group of acquisitions with us. At that moment we have really not seen eye-to-eye on either pricing, or cost of capital, or opportunities. But, it’s certainly something we would consider. Obviously, when you have the kind of capital that we have sitting on our balance sheet, you’re a little less apt to be if you find a great deal putting that deal in to a joint venture with the amount of cash we have sitting on our books.
Douglas T. Linde: I think what we said in the past is we’ve never looked at being a lender as a sort of business model. We are realistic about the fact that much of the projects that are going to be available are projects where the debt capital is really in control from a financial perspective of the ownership. So where it makes sense to be participating with the debt market executions as opposed to waiting for a book to come out, we’re aggressively looking at those opportunities. I would not be surprised to think we would actually take advantage of those types of transactions more opportunistically than we would with simple a fee interest. In many cases we would like to partner with the ownership or that lender because I think we would prefer not to get in to a year and a half litigation bankruptcy battle but if we thought that the control position was firm enough I think we would be very aggressive about purchasing a piece of debt.
Douglas T. Linde: I guess I think that once the law firms have sort of reestablished their new base they will start to grow again. I just think we’re in that readjustment phase. I don’t believe that a national law firm that has reduced it’s headcount by 7% to 10% and has reduced it’s footprint by 10% to 15% is never going to grow again I just think you have to sort of reestablish the base before that occurs. Clearly, transactional activity has started to pick up but it’s nowhere near what the pace was in 2006 or 2007.  I think as that occurs you will start to see law firms hiring again. It’s an interesting predicament that the law firms are in right now because their profits per partner are actually higher probably in 2009 than they were in 2008 in many cases because the partners are working harder and the partners have a higher billable rate. The question will be at what point will they start to recognize that they are foregoing business by not having a staff and an organization that is available to take in more work as opposed to simply asking a higher rate.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that it’s certainly in the back burner. There are some assets that we have considered over time not strategically core to our company. I think that if we started feeling even better about our opportunity to deploy capital we would think more seriously about those types of situations but I would say it’s not a strong focus right now.
Douglas T. Linde: Thanks for joining us this quarter. We will see many of you in Chicago at NAREIT and others we’ll talk to you on the phone and get you again in the middle of the summer.
Michael E. LaBella: We are having discussion with potential tenants for that space. As I mentioned, or as Doug mentioned, as we both have observed, we really are virtually leased up in all of our other space so yes we are looking at this building and yes we are talking seriously with at least one tenant, maybe with two. Let me just put it this way, I don’t want to be specific about the amount of space that we’re talking about but we believe it’s not just a function of how much space, it’s where in the building the tenants would take the space and I think if we decided to go ahead it would be with the understanding that we would be comfortable with the leasing prospects and the return prospects in the overall transaction.
Michael E. LaBella: Well, from a leasing perspective based upon where we think our occupancy is going to be we think we are going to lease about two million square feet give or take for the rest of the year. A lot of that is renewals as we talked about and I mentioned the DC market where we have almost a million square feet of renewals coming. I think that our transaction costs associated with that two million square feet of leasing is going to be significantly less than our transaction costs were in the first quarter.  So, I would expect to be more in line with kind of what our typical is which is $25 to $30 a foot on that space for TI costs. Then, for kind of traditional cap ex and maintenance cap ex, we also had a pretty low first quarter where we only I think had $1 million or so of cap ex. That was really related to two things, one we came off some pretty big jobs last year like the 601 Lex lobby and we haven’t really started some of the 2010 jobs yet and we still expect somewhere between $25 and $30 million of that type of cap ex for the year.
Michael E. LaBella: We really haven’t provided any guidance at all for 2011 to be honest with you. We really don’t want to get in to that at this moment. On the 1414 side it is going to drop down after the first quarter by the $4 to $5 million and then I think it stays pretty steady for the rest of the year. On the straight line side the second quarter is going to be high as well. Then the last two quarters will drop because some of the New York City leasing that we did in the third and fourth quarter and in the first quarter of this year will start to burn off. The only big thing that will still be out there will be the Ropes lease that goes all year.
