Owen Thomas: Yes. So Michael the – we have as you know targeted a handful of markets for potential expansion of the company, one of those was LA. We obviously made a significant move on that piece of the strategy last quarter and also London has been on our list. And our view of London is that it will continue to be a great world city and will be an interesting market for real estate investment and development. So that hasn’t changed. However, in the short-term and medium-term, given the Brexit vote, there are more uncertainties about economic growth and space demand. We don’t know the impacts on trade policy, what that’s going to do to GDP growth. We don’t know the impacts on passporting for financial institutions, what impact that will have on jobs in London. And so as we think about London, there has already been a 10% drop in the pound, which is helpful as the dollar investor, but we also think pricing for assets should also change given these uncertainties that I described. So, we are still looking, we are still active, but we are conscious of these additional risks and would expect those to be reflected in pricing. And then lastly, we are not particularly active looking at Toronto.
Owen Thomas: Manny, I think we have made a commitment to our tenants and we have I think had these conversations with our partners that the buildings, common areas need to be refreshed in a more significant way than simply painting carpet and so we have hired a series of design professionals that are going through a programmatic view of all of that right now which we are going to do one way or the other regardless of the leasing. And I think that those commitments are being described to the tenants as they talk about coming to the property.
Owen Thomas: Well, our approach is to create value and not to buy assets that are stabilized at low cap rates. So most of the investment that we have been making is – has been in ground up development as you know. I described three projects that we delivered this quarter at 7.8% cash yield for a brand new asset, again in our core markets which we think is very value creative. So we are looking at everything that’s offered in West LA. We are looking at development opportunities are not as many, given the restrictions that are on development in West LA which is one of the attraction, honestly of the market. So we are looking at that. And I think would also certainly be much more interested in assets like Colorado Center that are very high quality, but they had something that needs to be done. So when we bought Colorado Center, it was 68% leased and there was an upside opportunity in our minds from leasing it up which I think as Doug described, we are very much on track in doing. So yes, we could go out and pay, purchase the pipeline of assets that continue to be offered in the marketplace, but we want to be selective about getting a high quality asset, giving an asset that is positioned for our type of tenants which are generally larger and also we would prefer an acquisition where there is something that we can do to add value as a property company.
Owen Thomas: So to answer your question and I have talked about this over the last couple of calls. Yes, I think given the slowness in the economy, we have raised the bar, so to speak in the level of pre-leasing that we require on new development. It’s everyone always asks for a number of this and that’s not possible to provide, because it depends on the size of the building, the activity level in the market, the speed of delivery, every circumstance is different, where is the tenant coming from, our existing portfolio from outside. But there is no question – as we evaluate new developments and we have a lot to evaluate even in our company because of the large land holdings that we have, pre-leasing is an absolute requirement and our desire to have it be larger in the portfolio is there. So that is definitely happening. However, I think we still see projects and I have described a couple of them, particularly several of the projects that we are looking at right now are actually 100% pre-leased. And those are the kinds of projects that we want to be doing and will create value for shareholders even if we are layer in the economic cycle. As it relates to Dock 72 leasing, we are just too far away from delivery to expect much significant pre-letting. We are clearly in the market speaking with potential tenants marketing the asset, but I think it’s too early to expect – for us to expect to have significant pre-letting.
Owen Thomas: I think there is really three things that we have. One is developments that are occurring and leasing up, which is part of that. We will have a couple of tenants at 888 that will take occupancy later this year that have a benefit to the company. Also interest expense, we talked about the fact that we don’t have any early refinancing in our guidance, but we do have the Embarcadero Center and it’s a 7% loan. So, there is an assumption on our guidance. So, there is going to be much lower interest expense when we refinance that in the fourth quarter. The other thing I would mention would be operating expenses which are cyclically highest in the third quarter and lower in the fourth quarter primarily due to utilities, where the HVAC is obviously a little more expensive in the harder times of the year that we are sitting in right now, actually. So, those are kind of the most of the drivers and there is some positives that we talked about in terms of leasing activity later in the year that we are guiding later in the year things like continued activity at Embarcadero Center where we have got renewals that we are working on that we are trying to sign that we have kind of a blend and extend where we will get some GAAP lift later in the year. So it’s those kinds of thing.
Owen Thomas: We have provided some information as to the timing of that. I can’t give you exact numbers. I would say that somewhere between $15 million and $20 million is in today, because that was if you look at our slide, there was 535 Mission and existing rent lease up within in that and that is done. A good chunk of, I would say, half of the Embarcadero Center stuff will be in late this year and next year. And then the Prudential Center stuff would be in next year, but not this year. And then there are some big pieces that I think will be later. We are going to get some of the lease up at 200 Clarendon Street and perhaps a floor at 120 St. James that will hit sometime in ‘17, the majority of that I see has been later because that is – most of that space is we have to wait until the tenant occupies to recognize revenue on that space. And then we have talked about Under Armour and the timing of that. And then, 100 Federal Street which is another big piece of it, the lease is fully signed. But right now we are relocating another tenant to create the floors. We are not going to be able to deliver those floors until sometime in the middle of ‘17. So some of that will be into ‘17 and then into ‘18. So I didn’t give you the numbers, but that’s hopefully helpful with some guidance on the timing.
Owen Thomas: Yes. It’s very preliminary as far as them looking into market. It’s been rumored that they are interested in the Central SoMa area. The Central SoMa plan is not approved and won’t be approved probably until the end of this year or early next year. So I think as far as them expanding in San Francisco unless they get an existing building is going to be quite sometime off.
Owen Thomas: John, thank you. I think that concludes our questions and concludes our formal remarks. Thank you for your time and attention and interest in Boston Properties.
Doug Linde: I don’t think our strategy has changed significantly. I mean, I have talked about this before that if you go back, call it, 4 to 5 years and you look at the number of relocations that involve tenants that are paying over $125,000 a square foot, you can probably count them on one hand. And so the market naturally is one that is a smaller market meaning a floor at a max and generally less than that. And so having grown through the experience of 510 Madison Avenue plus the top of 250 West 55th Street, I think we have become pretty acute and adept at doing the right kind of pre-built suite in marketing those types of spaces to the appropriate kinds of tenants and we recognized that it’s a velocity game and we have got to increase velocity. And the best way to increase velocity is to be much more attuned to doing smaller deals.
Doug Linde: So, on the FAD side, I would say that our guidance for 2016 is still somewhere in the low $4 range, I think $4 to $4.20 something like that per share. We did have a little bit of elevated transaction cost this quarter associated with some long-term leases that we did both in Washington and New York City. There were two in particular that were longer term and had some higher transaction costs associated with it that kind of hit our FAD a little bit this quarter, but we still expect to be generally where we were when we talked about this last quarter.
Doug Linde: So when we started the diligence on the asset after we reached our agreement with Blackstone to purchase their interest, there were a few tenants that were “shopping the property” but had no real sense of who the ownership was going to be. And so I think there was a lack of concrete proposals. Ray has done a fabulous job of walking the walk and talking the talk and being out there. He is actually there right now, which is why he is not on this call and he has been very proactive about meeting every tenant that we have made a proposal to, which I think is a different approach than the current – the former ownership had with regards to leasing. And so I think we have turned the lot of heads in terms of the way we were managing this asset. And quite frankly, as I said before, these kinds of buildings and these kinds of clients match up with the way we run our platform. And so we are used to and anticipate doing these types of things when we buy a property or when we are developing a property. So, I think – I don’t want to say we are surprised by the level of activity. We are very encouraged by the receptivity that the activity has had to our approach and the way we are pricing the property and the way we are committed to enhancing the environment and the experience for our tenants and our customers, because that’s what this is all about.
Doug Linde: So the underwriting that Owen was describing assume that we weren’t going to do any leasing for 18 months. Obviously, we are going to be doing a lot more leasing than that. And so, I would anticipate that we will get these first couple of leases done some time in 2016. Again, when the tenants actually occupy the space and revenue recognition occurs is a little bit out of our control, but we are hoping that we are going to be in the 90s by the middle of 2017, which is 12 months after we bought the property.
Doug Linde: So, what we are talking about is the bridge. So, what we basically said was here are all the major holds in the portfolio in ‘16 and ‘17 and if we sell them all up, we will get to $80 million. So, I think the number is a consistent number and its $58 million, not $50 million.
Doug Linde: No, we are full systems go with WeWork at the Brooklyn Navy Yard and at the other two properties where we have leases. Let me comment that as we have, in our discussions with WeWork, all evidence that we have points to the fact that the facilities that they have opened are very successful. They are fully let and they are creating attractive margin to WeWork. And we are seeing it in the projects where they are opened with us, particularly 535 Mission has been very successful. So a lot of the press that you are describing is more about WeWork as a company. And again from reading the same press, a reduction in the projections that they are projecting for their overall company, but as it relates to the performance of the individual installations we are evidence I think suggest that they are doing well.
Doug Linde: I think the answer is yes to both. So, I am not being sort of tongue and cheek about it. We are comfortable with the rent that we pro forma for Under Armour and based upon what’s available we think we will do a little bit better.
Doug Linde: No, there was 68,000 square feet of space. Some of it might have been as John suggested it was on four levels. So, there was second floor space. There were sort of two-storey, two-storeys of first floor space, because that’s the level on Madison Avenue and the level on Fifth Avenue are on slightly different planes and then there was some sub-grade space or concord space and sub-concord space. So, there is a plethora of levels there and it was about 58,000 square feet.
Doug Linde: I think that larger tenants are not necessarily more cautious. I think the larger tenants are fully committed to lease exploration driven decisions that allow them to build out space. So, anybody who is looking for hundreds of thousands of square feet of space is doing that, because across the broad markets that we are in, because they have a lease expiration and I don’t think anyone is looking at the market and saying, well, we think things are going to get worse and therefore we are going to hold off. I think there people feel relatively good about sort of the position that the markets are in. On the smaller side where there is a lot more flexibility, I think the volatility that Owen described and issues associated with the world at large are creating uncertainty and uncertainty just doesn’t drive significant capital decisions and so we are seeing a lot more reticence to making decisions on new space for smaller companies.
Doug Linde: So most as of the technology oriented companies in the biotech and the pharma and life sciences companies are concentrated in the Cambridge market and then in the suburban markets, so there has been some migration into the city. So I would tell you that on a sort of ranking, Cambridge is the strongest market, the Waltham, Lexington market is the second strongest and then the CBD downtown markets are below that. And I think what our view is that the markets are very strong at the sort of lower level of buildings, but that there is a little less activity at the top of building and largely that’s because the tenants that are driving demand. The top of the buildings traditionally are professional services and financial services companies and there is just less growth there.
Doug Linde: Yes. Good morning, John. So on the special dividend, as you know, that’s driven by asset sales. I described three deals that we are working on. There are a couple of other little smaller things. And I said in my remarks that sales could be as high as $350 million. I would assume that’s the highest they would be. All those deals may not happen. We don’t know where they are priced. The original direction on asset sales was to 2 to 2.50. So we don’t know yet exactly what the asset sales are going to be. So it’s difficult for us to predict what the gains and so forth are going to be associated with that. So we are clearly – look at that and working with our Board later in the year to determine what if any special dividend, we would pay. And then as it relates to the recurring dividend, as you know, we mirror that to net income and as you pointed out, net income will be rising. So again, with our Board as we get into later this year, we will be evaluating the ongoing dividend to determine whether and how much we could increase it.
Mike LaBelle: Well, I think we expect it to be positive, right. I mean, it’s we are saying it’s going to be 2% to 4% in 2016. So, it’s just – it’s been higher than that in the first two quarters. So, it’s just going to come down a little bit, because we have got some of the vacancies that we talked about. But as we have seen our leasing stats, for many quarters in a row, we are having a positive mark-to-market on everything that we do. And I do anticipate that our occupancy is going to turn the corner in 2017 as well as we filled some of the vacancies at 120 St. James in the Hancock and the Peru. So, I don’t have a number to give you right now, but I would expect positive performance in 2017 on the same-store.
Mike LaBelle: Again, I don’t want to tell you where it’s going to be, to be honest with you, Jamie, I just think it’s going to continue to be positive. There is a lot of space that we can fill that it’s going to add to us over the next, I would say, 24 months. The question is the timing of when some of those spaces gets filled and when the revenue recognition associated with those spaces are and whether that is in ‘17 or pushing into ‘18. So, there is a little bit of a timing game but these are all really, really high-quality spaces and I think we are proving that we are getting all the rollups through the leasing that we are doing. So, I feel very optimistic and positive about our ability to continue to grow our same-store and achieve the NOI bridge that we have been talking about.
Mike LaBelle: Look, I think the biggest drivers are New York City where we have the two floors at the General Motors building coming back in July. We had the four floors at 601 Lexington Avenue that came back midway through the second quarter. And then we have this space in suburban Boston that I mentioned in my formal remarks that it’s coming back. And so you are going to see some degradation in occupancy in the third quarter. And I think we make – hopefully, we will see some come back in the fourth quarter and late in the fourth quarter, but those are the things that are driving our share of the same-store being, I would say, 0% to 1% probably in the next couple of quarters.
Mike LaBelle: No, I think that we will do some construction financing on some of the joint venture development projects that we have. So, we are in the market for both the Brooklyn Navy Yard and for the Hub on Causeway. So, we will be leasing construction financings on those projects. For the remaining cost for the wholly owned developments, I would expect that we would use cash on hand. And then at some point, we would do some long-term financing rates that we feel are very, very attractive to kind of lock in and make sure that we lock in as low rate as we can. So, we will be evaluating that.
Mike LaBelle: I don’t have a number for you here. And I think that I can say that our taxable income is fairly close in line with where dividend is.
John Powers: Yes, the L train – it’s unfortunate for the Brooklyn residents, but not unfortunate for our project, because that goes into Williamsburg and we are south of that. So, the lines that the subway takers would use to get to our project, Dock 72 will not be affected.
John Powers: Sure. The FAO spaces are on four different floors and we are re-leased, as Doug said, majority of the space. The balance of the space is not on the main floor and there are some different possibilities of how we can continue that and we have worked out that with Under Armour.
John Powers: Well, 601 is a very exciting redevelopment. Doug mentioned – or I think Owen mentioned initially, the smaller building which used to cover atrium building, we are re-branding that completely. We are taking skin off the building. We are taking all the mechanical systems. It will be essentially down to a slab and steel structure and rebuilding it from scratch up. So that’s going to be very well received in the market. That’s almost 200,000 square feet. We are also looking at that the atrium and have plans to make that into a spectacular food hall and that will be just a little later and it’s timing relative to the office building.
John Powers: And this is John, if I could just like to add one comment. We are very actively engaged with them at the Navy Yard. We are driving piles it was Owen said it’s early on. It will be more exciting in the fall when this deal goes up, but we are in weekly communications with WeWork. They have submitted their build out plans. We are adjusting the build out plans. We are co-working with them on the amenity space. They are very, very excited about the project.
John Powers: And those levels can connect differently. We could put the second floor level connected to the Madison. We can take part of the sub-concourse and put it with the bank. If the bank doesn’t stay that’s on Madison, because it’s fairly complicated, but we have worked it out, I think with Under Armour. They are committed to block a space of square footage that Doug mentioned.
John Powers: And just as a surrogate, right? So, a construction loan space probably LIBOR plus 200 at the lowest level and 300 and you can do a 10-year financing at 3%. So, the value of a construction loan from a rate perspective is de minimis.
John Powers: We have seen it and then really a beautiful stat, the P2 corridor as we call it between the Mass Turnpike and Route 2 at Lexington sites of the north along Interstate 95, the competitive set of buildings that we follow, 32 buildings are now at 4.25% vacancy, it’s lowest I have seen in my career there. And I think it’s indicative of your question, which was you have good strong demand from pharma, biotech sector that’s looking and as Doug mentioned, solid company is not particularly huge companies, but companies that have growth in financial statements, so we were encouraged about that corridor in particular.
Bob Pester: Sure. First off, we are underwriting at rents that are approximately 25% to 30% less than San Francisco. It’s going to take several years to get it entitled and we don’t anticipate delivering that building until probably 2019, 2020. So, we are quite ways off based on current market conditions from a standpoint as the market is softening right now which we are seeing in San Francisco.
Bob Pester: It’s – this site is right adjacent to the MacArthur BART station. This is an area that has become very popular for restaurant shops. It’s one of for lack of a better term, one of the hipper neighborhoods in the Oakland Berkeley market and it’s one that is gentrifying quite rapidly. So, we see it as a very good location long-term.
Bob Pester: I think Donald Trump would refer to the building as something really, really special. It’s the A1 location in San Francisco. It’s going to be the biggest and the best building that’s in the marketplace and I am very confident that it’s going to lease up rapidly.
