Douglas Linde: Thanks Owen. Good morning everybody. So Owen really spent some time describing the totality of what's going on at BXP. I'm going to be a little bit more concentrated today and talk about demand. Every day seems to bring another announcement of staff reduction from some large or medium sized employer. And while the cons -- these announcements have been concentrated in the technology industries, as Owen described, primarily big tech, we're also seeing them in the finance industry, the legal industry, and broader corporate America. Now I can point to examples of companies in our portfolio that are growing, but we are the first to acknowledge that the pool of clients overall demand that we serve is unlikely to be growing their overall footprint in 2023, aka hard to see much in the way of positive absorption. If there's a silver lining in the job reductions that are being announced, it's an improvement in the labor availability is manifesting itself in encouraging ways. Fewer job listings being offered for remote work. Forms of hybrid work seem to be sticky, but the power dynamic between employers and employees is shifting. Companies are stepping up the days that workers are asked, required, cajoled to come into the office. In our portfolio, we're seeing a steady increase in the number of unique occupants that are in the office each week. We measure the unique number of card swipes on a daily basis where we have turnstiles. These numbers vary day-to-day and if I compare the best day in March of 2022, which is after the last sort of COVID omicron surge versus the best day in January, so a week ago, across the BXP portfolio volume is up almost 40%. I don't know how others measure their usage. BXP measures against the number of seats we have in our spaces. On a daily basis utilization ranges from between 34% in San Francisco, 48% in Boston, and 58% in New York City. And if we look at the number of unique users coming into our buildings on a weekly basis relative to the number of seats, we're currently seeing as much as 82% in New York City, 76% in Boston, and 70% in San Francisco. Our clients are using their space, they're just not coming to the office every day. As Owen said, we've spent a better part of 18 months redefining our business with you as being developers and operators of premier workplaces. As Owen described in his comments, the bifurcation between premier product and general office space continues to widen. The availability rates published by the brokerage firms and reported as headlines in business publications and newspapers, track all of the space. A meaningful amount of the existing office inventory may have a higher and a better use as an alternative product and it's not relevant to users searching for space today. Conversions will happen and we are studying non-BXP buildings in our markets, but this process is going to take years. So the published statistics are going to be sticky even though much of the availability is not attractive to users at any price. In fact, it's hard to see a potential client looking at a BXP offering that would consider many of the buildings captured in the broad market surveys. Again, we have to acknowledge that there continues to be additions to of new sublet or soon to be direct opportunities in premier space from technology companies, 181 Fremont Street in San Francisco being the latest example. Availability in premier space matters, but other issues matter even more. The floor plate size matters. The build out configuration matters. Amenities matter. In markets like Boston or San Francisco, parking availability matters, and the specific location matters. As we explained in our press release last night, while our reported in-service occupancy has declined in the quarter as we said it would on our last call and in our Nareit meetings in November, it is simply due to the addition of new in-service buildings that have leases that have not commenced and are reported as vacant. This includes Reston Next that is 69% occupied and 90% leased and 880 Winter Street that's 85% occupied and 97% leased.
Douglas Linde: Yes, I think in my comments I described sort of where we are, which is big picture we're about 50% leased on our, the totality of our development assets one. And by the way we'll be including next quarter 300 Binney and 290 Binney on our CIP schedule. The leasing is slow at 360 Park Avenue South. The leasing picked up as Mike said at 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue. We're very well leased at the other assets that that got brought on this quarter. So relative to 2023, I don’t think you’re going to see much in the way of changes.
Douglas Linde: So let me ask Hilary Spann to talk about 360 Park Avenue South, and I’ll ask Bob Pester to comment on Platform 16.
Douglas Linde: So Michael, I don’t have all the data in front of me. When I actually looked at it the other day, in terms of the number of tenants, there were two or three tenants that downsized, but they were larger. I mean, the biggest example being, we had Zillow/Trulia, which renewed on two out of six floors at 535 Market Street, but there were one or two tenants like that. The majority in terms of the number of tenants that signed leases that did renewals actually were staying in basically the same number of square feet.
Douglas Linde: And I would just add, Rich, that two things. One is most, I think, of the economists pundits would say if we hit a recession, we’re not going to go into a clinical deep recession. But if you had a deep recession, and we’ve had deep recessions in the past, typically, what has happened is there has been a compression in the pricing between Class A and Class B, meaning Class A has come down to a level that makes it so attractive that it squashes Class B demand. And people look at the relative opportunity set and jump at taking additional space in great buildings because there has been a dramatic reduction. We don’t believe we’re any going to see "deep recession" but that is what has historically happened.
Douglas Linde: Yes, we have assets that we would like to dispose of non-core assets. But as I mentioned in my remarks, the capital markets are very liquid just generally, but also, I’d say, for office assets. And therefore, we didn’t put out a guidance on what we thought dispositions were for this year because we don’t -- the market is not cooperating at the moment. Hopefully, that will change, but we can’t forecast that right now.
Douglas Linde: I guess, I don’t think landlords, at least this landlord is never going to give up on anything. And we -- look, we have situations in our portfolio where we have very little space in a particular building. And we’re very comfortable and able to handle both relatively modest concession packages and strong face rates. We have other pieces of our portfolio where we have vacancy or availability where we are trying to be aggressive about increasing our occupancy. And so in those cases, we are thinking about all the arrows in the quiver and figuring out what the right approach is for a particular client that we’re trying to serve. Some of those clients would prefer to have free rent. Some of those clients would prefer to have more CapEx in terms of transaction costs. We might even agree to do turnkey builds in certain cases, and some of them may be looking for a lower "annual run rate" and sort of use the concessions in a different way. So I think it’s very hard to sort of try and articulate a particular component of an economic deal that is being done with a client of ours and sort of say, we’re going to gear towards one thing or another because we try and meet the needs of those clients. In general, transaction costs are higher. Why? Because there is more available space and it’s still very expensive for a company to move or relocate or grow, and the landlord is contributing capital for that, and it’s coming in the form of either additional free rent or additional TI, it’s generally not in the form of the "face rent" on the deal. And I don’t think that’s going to change much as we approach 2023.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And I would just add the following, which is if we’re looking at an existing asset, they’re obviously, if we can’t make it a premier workplace, we’re not going to spend time on it. If we think we could, then it’s going to be a question of what our views are on how long it will take us to lease up the space. And I would say that we’re constructive about our markets, but we are realistic as I think all of our comments this morning were about the overall absorption of space in the marketplace. And so, I’m not sure our underwriting is necessarily going to match with the seller’s expectations for what they think their buildings are. We will look at stuff. We will be thoughtful about it. We will make offers. But whether there’s inability ability for there to be a meeting of the minds, I would say we’re skeptical that will happen in 2023.
Douglas Linde: I also think the other thing to think about here too is the -- we talked about the institutional investment world as its some homogenous group of investors. Well, it’s not. They all come from different geographic locations. They all have different funding sources. They all have different funding obligations, and so they don’t operate in a unified fashion. So my comments are not targeted to any one group, but I would just point that out.
Owen Thomas: So we did a significant amount of leasing at 2100 Penn and a portion of that will contribute in 2023. We did push out by one quarter 360 Park Avenue South based upon where the leasing activity and the development activities are on that asset. And then the other place that we had a little bit of an increase was at 205th Avenue, which is an acquisition we made and we finalized the kind of accounting of straight line rents and fair value rents for that asset. So that's flowing through into our straight line rents next year, which our guidance is up for straight line rents. Doug, I don't know if you want to talk anything more about the development leasing. I mean, you talked about it a little bit on notes.
Owen Thomas: Well, you’re asking if I described how we were thinking about the world in September versus the way we’re thinking about the world today, I would tell you that there’s been a material change in the overall economy relative to the risk of recession and I think there is less demand in the overall environment than there was then. We still feel really good about the overall quality of our assets and the ability to capture incremental demand in the marketplace due to the nature of the tenants that are looking for space. And so again, we actually exceeded our own internal projections at the end of the year because we thought we would be slightly below where we were in the third quarter. And again, if you sort of adjust for bringing these new assets into service and simply put them in at their actual leased occupancy or remove them, we actually increased our overall occupancy during the year. And so I would tell you, if you look at our exploration schedules for 2023 and you look at the 1.5 million square feet we’ve already leased, and we will, again, hopefully be leasing somewhere in the neighborhood of 750,000 to 1 million square feet per quarter, we should again be increasing our occupancy as we move through 2023.
Owen Thomas: And then it's Owen, to answer your question about West Coast and capital allocation, you are right. The West Coast is lagging from a return to office perspective and also from a leasing perspective, is driven by the fact that there’s a much higher percentage of technology users in those markets and those users are not using their office to the same extent that their industries are. And so far, they’ve led other industries in terms of layoffs, which impacts space use as we’ve described. Look, we’re going through a cycle and word cycle means it goes down and it comes back up. This has happened before. Every cycle is different, but they all look somewhat the same. And I’m convinced this is a cycle as well and we will have a recovery. And I think the technology industries, the institutions that exist in California are not going to go away, but we are going to have to work ourselves through the recovery that we see ahead.
Owen Thomas: Yes. No, I certainly understand the logic of your question. I’d answer it simply that history has not shown that to be the case. Higher quality buildings have outperformed in recessions in the past. And I think this recession is different because of the work from home and the flexibility that technology is providing for workers. And therefore, I think this flight to quality and change of how we describe our business from office to premier workplace is more important. I think the market share that the premier workplaces are getting in this downturn is actually much higher than it has been in previous downturns. And it’s important when you look at our business to not look at the overall market statistics but to focus on the premier workplaces because that’s actually the market that we’re competing in.
Owen Thomas: And Tony, if something -- if we were to be in a position to sell something, unlikely that we’re going to put anything on the market in the beginning of 2023, which means any transactions that are likely to be weighted towards the far back end of the year.
Owen Thomas: So while Mike looks at his numbers, I’ll let Bryan Koop just describe sort of where we are with our plans from a marketing perspective on the Observatory in Boston. And we haven’t officially announced the date yet. So...
Owen Thomas: So as I mentioned at the outset, we have the capital in the balance sheet to make additional acquisitions but we are in -- the market is repricing. And so, yes we are going to be very focused on valuation for any acquisitions that we would look at in the coming year.
Owen Thomas: Yes, I think generally, institutional investors in real estate, not just the office are cautious at the moment given higher interest rates, slower leasing volumes that Doug just described and what the repricing is. And so, I think investment volumes generally from institutional investors have gone up – have down materially. So as it relates to office, I think it’s going -- I think there is capital available from institutional investors for premier workplaces that are underwritten with the new cost of capital as well as the leasing dynamics that Doug described in the last question, which is we have a slower leasing environment and the assumptions when you’re underwriting a deal need to reflect that. But assuming you have all those pieces, I think there’s capital available for premier workplaces.
Michael LaBelle: Yes, John, and just to add, I mean, we’ve maintained our guidance for our same property portfolio and for our occupancy. So our kind of outlook is similar to what it was when we gave guidance last quarter. I think that our occupancy in the first quarter, so three months from now will likely be lower or flat than what it is today. But we’ve got a lot of leases that are already signed that Doug described, the 1.5 million square feet that are coming into play. And I think that’s starting in the second quarter we're going to see our occupancy grow from there through the rest of the year. And a lot of this occupancy is in coming in some of the major markets like New York City, we've got a number of leases that are signed that we’ll be starting in the second quarter. Doug described a deal in Boston that we did just in December, and that deal is going to start in the second quarter. And we also have some deals in Reston starting. So I think that we feel we’ve been conservative in our approach to our guidance based upon what we see future leasing activity as, but we feel good about the guidance that we provided.
Michael LaBelle: Michael, one thing I’d like to add is on the kind of tenants expanding versus contracting, we have done an analysis of the rent leases that commenced in 2022 for renewals. And we had about 4 million square feet of leases that commenced and we had actually those tenants expanded by 6% or almost 300,000 square feet. In the fourth quarter, it was a reduction of about 100,000 square feet, but overall, some expand, so contracting. Again, this is only tenants that renewed in our portfolio or they took on additional space before their lease came up. It doesn’t have doesn’t count tenants that either left our portfolio, and I don’t know what they did before that or they came into our portfolio and we don’t know what their size was before that. But that’s a signal that not every tenant is contracting. There are many tenants out there that are continuing to take more space.
Michael LaBelle: So Ronald, on the first quarter, you’re right, it’s obviously down because it’s seasonal. We have a hotel that is seasonal that because it’s located in Massachusetts it has very few people that come to it during the winter. So it actually loses money in the first quarter and that it has profit to the other three quarters of the year. And then our G&A expense is front-loaded because of vesting and payroll tax issues. And then obviously, we borrowed more money in the fourth quarter. So we expect our interest expense to be higher in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. The portfolio itself is actually -- we expect it to be up slightly. And then going out for the following quarters because if we started $1.67, right and our guidance is much higher than that for the full year. Obviously we see pretty significant increases in the following quarters. And as I mentioned, we expect our occupancy to start to move up in the second quarter. Bryan just talked about View Boston, we expect that to open up in the second quarter. So there are several things that are occurring in the second and third quarters that are going to push the FFO up later in the year.
Michael LaBelle: Yes, I would also say I would add to that. We are, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus is going to be on premier workplaces, life science and residential development.
