Owen Thomas: Yes. Manny, good morning. It’s Owen. So, first of all, the projects are on a very different time schedule. So, the 3 Hudson Boulevard is entitled and ready to go. We’re actually working on the foundation to try to improve our speed to market. 343 Madison is in the entitlement process and will not be ready for any kind of new development or tenant conversations for some time. So, I think that’s the first point. And the second point is, we are in the market with 3 Hudson Boulevard. We are -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we certainly are seeking a very significant tenant to launch the project. We have JLL engaged that’s working on our behalf to help us with this. And we are engaged -- we have been engaged and are engaging in those dialogues. John, is there anything more you would like to say about that? John Powers who is one phone. John? We didn’t hear you.
Owen Thomas: Okay. I don’t know a thing about what the stabilized value is for 10 Hudson other than what the purchase price was. So, it’s hard to comment on that. We believe…
Owen Thomas: So, we believe that at the appropriate time with the appropriate tenant, we are going to be able to generate a return somewhere near what we’ve been executing on all of our other developments. The amount of space that we have to lease and the amount of speculative risk that we have to take will be obviously a key determinant in what goes on there. And we are in a position where we are -- we believe it will cost somewhere between $1,300 and $1,400 a square-foot to build that building based upon the sort of market comps for our cost for construction, for TIs, for interest carry. When we start the building and what the escalation of those costs are going to be will obviously impact those numbers. Where rents will be will impact those numbers. So, we’re not in a position today to say the cost is going to be x dollars per square foot and the return is going to be x percent because there are too many unknowns from a timing perspective.
Owen Thomas: So, the schedule that we have right now on is somewhere between 36 and 40 months from the construction go date, once the foundation has completed to having a tenant physically in the building.
Owen Thomas: WeWork is an important customer of Boston Properties. In the supplemental, you’ll see they’re 14th on the sheet now in terms of their size, they’re about 0.9% of income. And we are selectively talking to them about additional stores that they would put in our buildings. As Doug described, we’re getting pretty full. So, there are less of those opportunities today. But, we -- for the right building and for the right situation, we would certainly consider expanding our relationship with WeWork.
Owen Thomas: John, given where the stock price is trading, which is we think a very material discount to the value of the underlying assets and at a rough breakeven yield in the low-5, we don’t think that’s an attractive market to raise capital at this juncture. And much better way to do it -- the best way to do it right now for us is debt financing because we are creating debt capacity with all the developments that we’re delivering, and that the cost of the debt is much -- certainly much lower than issuing public equity. Now, I think the other point I would make is if we get pushed in terms -- we don’t want to increase the leverage of the company and if we require more capital, we would certainly continue to access the private equity market for real estate. We just demonstrated with the Santa Monica deal that we have great access to that and have another great capital partner in one of our buildings. So, that’s the way we’re thinking about it. Public equity is at the bottom of our list in terms of where we want to go raise capital.
Owen Thomas: John, it’s related to the ratio between the rentable square foot -- square feet and the usable square feet and how the ultimate configuration of the building is. And the latter part of that is yet to be determined. But, the price per rentable square foot is lower than $360.
Owen Thomas: So, there is 700,000 square feet, 140,000 of it is signed. I expect that there is another 200,000 that will get signed before Friday. So, that will get to that 340,000 square feet or just about half of it. And the other two major leases are actively being negotiated. And I think our expectation is they are going to get done.
Owen Thomas: And the only thing I would add to what Doug said is in terms of the marketplace, look, it is a thin market to find a tenant of the scale that Doug is describing. There are tenants out there that are interested in new construction that our of scale. The good news is, there is not that many options for such a tenant. And we do think that this is one of the absolute best large tenant sites in New York. So, we will be accessing that demand as the market evolves in the coming quarters.
Owen Thomas: We’ve done a number of early renewals over the last couple of years in San Francisco, in Cambridge, in Boston. And those were deals that were expiring in ‘18, ‘19, ‘20. We’ve got some embedded kind of casting growth that is going to come out of that stuff, in addition to the increase that we’ll get when we refill and get cash started at 399.
Owen Thomas: At some point, it’s deemed that they’re already paying cash rent and it’s deemed that they’re not going to be building out anytime soon. We can start to make the argument that we should be able to turn revenue on. Because obviously it doesn’t make sense to wait until the last day of the lease and suddenly recognize 10 years worth of lease in one day. So, yes, those situations -- they have occurred. There’s people that kind of take space protectively and they don’t build it out right away. And we have to make some judgment decisions in those.
Owen Thomas: On your question a couple of reactions. I mean, first of all, are we in the ninth inning of whatever of this economic cycle…
Owen Thomas: Yes. I don’t have a clear crystal ball on this. I even mentioned in my remarks that we don’t see a downturn at imminent. We are clearly -- our instinct is we are closer to the end and the beginning but there are lots of positive things going on in the market. And I think there are some lags. So, that’s one reaction. The second is, when I think about at least our company and some extent is true with other companies, a lot of the growth that we’ve been talking about on this call and in previous calls is not as economically sensitive as a typical corporation. So, a lot of the growth that we are going to experience as a company next year is delivering the Salesforce Tower which is 98% leased, and it’s coming on our book. And I’m not suggesting that an economic downturn wouldn’t have some impact on our outcomes. But again, a lot of our growth is in developments that are leased in the 80s on percent basis. And our average lease term for the existing plan is over seven years. So, I think we are -- in terms of growth and results, less economically sensitive than a typical corporation. Also, certainly true of our company and others in our space, we think the stock is on sale relative to the value of the underlying assets. So, that should provide some kind of cushion. And as also described earlier, in recognition of this lack of having a clear crystal ball, we are keeping our leverage low. We are not leveraging up the company and taking more risk by doing that. We are keeping the leverage low, which should allow us to weather any storms that might be out there and frankly take advantage of anything that comes up. In terms of pressure to do things. I mean, look, we always feel pressure to have our buildings flow and generate income. So, I wouldn’t say we’ve accelerated any leasing plans because of some downturn that we see as imminent. Doug and I have described over the last year or so that we have bumped our pre-letting requirements for development. And that is the way that we are expressing that we are later in the cycle and prepared to take a little bit less risk. So, I hope that helps you with the conversations you’re having.
Owen Thomas: We are absolutely involved in the case. I think, the TJPA, 350 Mission, every contractor who has put a shovel in the ground in and around that site over the last seven or eight years, every design professional is part of this. We are not going to comment on the litigation other than to say, we don’t expect any material liability or we would have disclosed in our K and our Qs. And our legal expenses are being capitalized into Salesforce Tower at the moment. So, that’s why you don’t see any “disclosure” of what were spending.
Owen Thomas: Yes. We did decide early in the process that we -- we thought we should bring in a capital partner in this particular acquisition for the reasons that we described which is to preserve our public equity capital. So, I think the decision to bring in a partner was made prior to us committing to the deal. And we talked about that on the last call. There was interest, certainly about CPP, but also about other potential partners in that particular investment. And as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, I think the private equity capital market for real estate is quite healthy and there are multiple investors that are underfunded in real estate and want more exposure.
Owen Thomas: I would just additional, just like the office market, the residential multifamily in the Town Center itself dramatically outperforms the general Northern Virginia market.
Owen Thomas: Only non-core assets. As I mentioned, we are having a pretty active year selling non-core assets. So, I think we’ll exceed the $300 million target. But, as I mentioned in my remarks, the selling of our -- most of our core assets involve a significant gain and a special dividend and a dilution to FFO.
Owen Thomas: Yes. When we sell a non-core -- when we sell a core asset, almost all of our core assets have a significant tax gain in them, so that creates a special dividend which we -- dividend to shareholders. We don’t keep the money. So, we can’t use that capital to make a new acquisition. So, it’s extremely inefficient source of capital, in that if you look at it that way. So, in the case of Santa Monica, we thought it was a good opportunity to bring in a partner that -- we think the yield is attractive, it is lower on a stabilized basis than the developments than we are doing. So that was part of the decision. And we have a -- it’s very active development pipeline and we want to keep our leverage at the current levels. And so, we thought it was an appropriate area to raise equity capital in the private market.
Owen Thomas: Jed, the other point is, we have a partner in our other deal in Santa Monica as well. We didn’t bring that one in, we inherited that because we bought a half interest. So, actually both our deals in Santa Monica are 50-50. So, again, I’d kind of go back to the first answer, the first question the, the sell on asset to raise money, given the tax basis in most of our assets we can’t, if we did it, even if we get a great price, if we did it that we can’t use most -- or a lot of the capital if not most of the capital to make new investments, that’s not a source of funding for this kind of activity.
Owen Thomas: These things are hard to define, John. There’s no question that what Ray described is accurate. And it’s one of the attractiveness -- we think one of the attractive features of the investments that we’ve made is there’s a lot of protection in new supply. But, with time, you never know how these things are going to evolve and how the local community’s posture toward these issues will evolve.
Owen Thomas: All right. Very good. I think that concludes all the questions for today, and thank all of you for your interest in Boston Properties.
Mike LaBelle: Sure. So, when we set the deal up originally, we gave Hines, the ability to effectively sell their interest upon stabilization. And they’ve indicated that that’s something that they would like us to consider doing. And so, we are entering into a thoughtful dialogue with them about what the value of their interest is, and they haven’t promoted position based upon performance of the property. And we will come to some sort of a successful conclusion hopefully in the next couple of months.
Mike LaBelle: One thing to think about is there is some one-time leasing commissions, one time kind development fees that are in the back half of this year. So, I’m not sure that we’re going to be able to have the same level of kind of development fee income and leasing commissions next year. So, that’s something that may not recur. With regard to kind of our -- as we move through, our development will continue to kind of add incremental every quarter. So, we’re gaining occupancy at Salesforce Tower every quarter and it’s going to move in, occupy their space, and then suddenly we can recognize revenue. Even though we’ve -- in many of these cases, we’ve been getting cash from these tenants for months and months and months, we can’t recognize the revenue until they finish their space. And then, obviously, we have the two residential properties that are coming in as well. The other kind of difference between the third and the fourth quarter is the summer months have higher expenses where we operate, so utilities in particular are higher. And so, in the fourth quarter, you will see some benefit from that in the fourth quarter.
Mike LaBelle: The timing with regard to the New York City leasing is in line with what we have expected and what we’ve kind of talked about before. We feel like we are meeting exactly what our plan is with regard to the deals that we’re working on and when those deals will come into the revenue picture. I mean, the vast majority of the space has been demolished. So, it has to be rebuilt. And these tenants will take anywhere between 9 and 12 months to kind of get into that space. And some of these tenants obviously have a lease expiry. So, they may not be in a tremendous rush. So, they signed a lease in the third quarter of 2018, but their lease expiration is until the end of 2019. They may be able to build out that space. But they may move fairly slowly, because they really don’t need to be in that space until closer to their lease expiration. So, we are right in line with what our expectations have been on that. And then, with -- and also with the development pipeline by the way. We’ve provided guidance as to kind of what the development pipeline is going to be delivering in the next couple of years. And we are in line with our expectations in terms of delivering those spaces and getting that rent started. So, I don’t think there’s really any change to that. On 1333, we’ve talked about it before that we would consider selling it. It’s now on the market and we’re talking to potential buyers. So, I would say, it’s much more likely that we will be successful in selling that asset than it would have been last quarter. So, that is a change. We have not included in our guidance yet because we just don’t do it until it’s done. But that’s why I wanted to point out because I do think it’s more likely than not that that’s going to happen.
Mike LaBelle: I think, it’s going to move up but it’s mostly going to be in the fourth quarter. The 399 space was not all out of the portfolio until midway through the third quarter, I guess last year. So that’s still going to be in there for a part of next quarter. So, I think that it will be better than it was this quarter, and then the fourth quarter will be even better than that to achieve within the range that we provided in our supplemental.
Mike LaBelle: We can’t really give guidance right now for what it’s going to be in 2019. But, I do feel like we’ve got some embedded growth that we’ve talked about that is coming and that our AFFO will be better in 2019 than it is in 2018.
Mike LaBelle: It’s a little more capitalized interest, and we had a little bit more cash than we expected. So, it’s kind of on the margin. But, for next year, I think, it is important for people to understand that Salesforce Tower I think right now is 28% in service or something like that. So, there’s still 72% capitalized interest on $1 billion project. And it goes away on 12/31/18. And again, the income is going to be coming in throughout ‘19. But there’s kind of a mismatch there that I’m not sure people fully understand. Typically, you kind of model that -- the capitalized interest goes away, as the income goes away and there’s kind of a match there. But gap rules require us to cut it off 12 months from the date that the building is delivered. And that’s great, if you have a 300,000 square-foot building that you’re delivering, because you can deliver 300,000 square foot with the space and build it out within 12 months. But when you’re building a 1.4 million square foot building, even though it’s 98% leased, it just takes longer to get all those tenants built. So, for these very, very large buildings, there tends to be kind of a mismatch. So, I think that’s an impact that we have. And then, the other thing is that we are going to be using, as you move into ‘19, we are going to be using debt for nearly all of the new development funding that we do. So, that debt is going to be roughly equal to what we’re capitalizing. So, we’re going to kind of lose what we deliver this year. So, that does have a pretty significant impact on the interest expense. The other item that also affects ‘19 and I mentioned it last quarter, I didn’t mention it this quarter, but it’s these -- the counting change for the leasing costs. So, as I mentioned last quarter, that’s $0.04 to $0.06 negative to us in ‘19 versus ‘18. So, that’s another thing to just keep in mind.
Ray Ritchey: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I think, the FBI is still very much in question about whether they go forward or not. Our President has made it one of his personal agendas. And given everything else he faces, I don’t think it’s like number one on his target [ph] to get started. In terms of GSA leasing in general, when you have something along the lines of 26 million square feet of lease expirations the next three to four years, something’s got to be done. However, it is still priced at a point that makes new development very, very challenging. So, we tend to see I think a lot of renewals, a lot of short-term extensions to keep the government in place with no major moves, I think on the GSA side, but certainly not the downturn we’ve seen in past cycles.
Ray Ritchey: Yes. I think that we’ve been under a contracting environment on the defense side for so long that even just a stay put on the budget or a modest increase would trigger demand. All these users have gotten down to an efficiency level that I don’t think is sustainable. And we’re seeing it Reston where we’re receiving a lot of our defense contractors or people that are doing business with the government, major engineering companies are coming to us with some growth that is quite welcome related to what we’ve seen over the last 7 or 8 years. So, yes, we’re very positive about future demand. Very little spec space is being built, certainly the Dallas Corridor. So, as it relates to Reston, we think there’s good signals ahead for increasing demand.
Ray Ritchey: Yes. Just as, there is demand for talent in all of our markets, there is tremendous demand for talent in the Dallas Corridor. So, the concept of going to a Greenfield office park with no amenities to recruit and retain the best and brightest is not the right way to go in the Dallas Corridor. So, the same demand we’re just seeing from corporate users, we’re seeing from the defense. They want the amenity base we have in Reston town center.
Ray Ritchey: Well, that’s -- of course Owen could comment on this as well. It’s one of the reasons we’re picking up sites like the Santa Monica Business Park. The barriers to entry in West LA are the strongest of any market we see in the country. And so, when we get a chance to acquire 40 some acres in Santa Monica and we will certainly jump on it. And given the success we’ve had at Colorado Center where almost exactly two years ago, we bought it a 65% leased, we’re effectively 100% today, just validates both the scarcity of sites and the unbelievable amount of tech demand in that marketplace. So, any chance we get to acquire any asset, be it a development site or a new acquisition, we’re going to take advantage of it. But, the answer to your question specifically John, it’s the tightest market in terms of developable sites we’ve ever seen.
Doug Linde: Let me try to answer this. Owen’s tried [ph] and maybe you didn’t find it satisfactory. So, I’ll try a different tact, which it’s all going to depend on who the tenant is, how long the lease is, what they are doing in the building, where they are in the building and how much they are paying. So, there is no number. I can’t -- we can’t tell you that if a 650,000 square-foot tenant showed up, we would do the deal; and I can’t tell you if a 1 million square-foot tenant show, we wouldn’t do the deal. So, we’re not in a position because we just don’t know the facts around leases. But, it’s going to be a big number. And we are -- I think Owen has described in previous quarters that as we move on in the cycle, we have toned down our risk tolerance for speculative space. And so, that I think -- those are the things that we’re judging as we think about what we need to lease the building, but there is no number.
Doug Linde: We are absolutely are cognizant of those issues. And in some cases, we hope the tenants are actually in a rush to build out their space, and in fact one of the cases, they are. Still going to take them 12 plus months to start their design, get their construction permits, bid it and then build it out. So, the timeframes are not going to be significantly different than what we anticipate. But, we are clearly cognizant of that and we know when their lease expirations are. And so, we know how much “time they have between the leases”. The other issue is that in certain cases, because these are financial services companies for the most part, there’s a commissioning of the space that also needs to occur with all their systems, because they’re -- they can’t simply shut down on a Friday and moving on Monday by moving their computers. They actually have to rebuild and basically start up. And so, the good news is that will hopefully drive them to be more cognizant of getting in their space a little earlier than they would otherwise.
Doug Linde: So, John, I guess, I tried to describe what I think is going on, by basically saying that the existing apartment building across the street is actually at 95% occupied with an increase in rents year to year when the Signature was not open. My implication to that was that we are well in line with our pro forma rents. The leasing is progressing. I would say if you put a lie detector on me, I would say that we would have liked been slightly higher leased. But the fact of the matter is that we just opened up the retail at the base of the building. And when we started the building and did our pro forma, we didn’t anticipate having signed a lease with [indiscernible] for 270,000 building across the street where there is a whole on the ground in a little bit of noise and construction activities. So, there is a little bit of self-inflicted slowdown in the lease-up that we had to get through, but we’re actively moving through it.
Doug Linde: Yes. So, I will try and reiterate what I said. So, I’ll start with a simple one. So, we’ve already leased Colorado Center. And the revenue in Colorado Center is part of our slight increase for this year. So, we’re 98% leased. So, there’s not much to do there. At Embarcadero Center, I talked about the bank consulting space which is the one block that we had when the one tenant from the portfolio left to go to Salesforce Tower. There’s a little bit of musical chairs going on because the tenant is taking spaces and existing and coming tenant, but we have another tenant outside of the project that’s looking at that space. And we have -- again, we have these four floors at Embarcadero Center 4 that we are in two cases converting to, what I would refer to as more tech oriented space creative office. And so, we think we’re going to be very successful in leasing that up and that construction is going to begin prior to the end of this year and hopefully be done before the end of the first quarter of 2019, which is where our major availability is there. In Boston, I think, I described that we’re 95% leased. So, there’s not a lot to do there. 611 Gateway, we’re leasing about 50,000 square feet a year right now. We actually have, probably get the 80,000 square feet in 2018, still leaves about 40,000 or 50,000 square feet of space that’s going to be rented at $42 a square foot plus or minus, so $4 million or $1.6 million. So, it’s not a lot of revenue. So that -- I think the rest of the portfolio is doing very well. We do have a few other pieces of high value space in New York City at the General Motors building. We actually have a lease out on the majority of one of the floors which we hope to sign in this calendar quarter. And that will likely have a revenue recognition sometime in late 2019 as well, and that’s high revenue space. So, the rest of the portfolio is doing very well. If you force me to go back to 2016 and talk about our “revenue bridge”, we are within spitting distance of having everything done on that “$160 million” of revenue.
Doug Linde: So, I’ll answer the question on the economics and I’m going to not be able to give you my sense or our sense on the weather it will be repealed. It was a 51-49 vote for. It’s unclear whether or not that will withstand both legal litigation as well as a revote if they were to do that. Our leases, we have structured, allow us to recover these types of increases in the costs associated with what I refer to as taxes. So, on the margin, we have vacant space. And so in those cases, there may be some revenue that we -- depending upon way all the leases are structured that would be pushed to the landlord, but vast majority of this is reimbursed.
Doug Linde: The new lease will have language in it that we believe will allow us to pass along this, pass probably in a more precise way.
Doug Linde: Sure. Bob, do you want to just describe what you -- what your understanding is and sort of where that “legislation” may be.
