Owen Thomas: I’ll give you my reaction, and then I’ll let Ray give his comments. My view is nothing has changed in DC proper. We’ve seen a market that is forward in terms of its leasing, and there are basically very few large transactions that are going to hit in 2017, '18 or '19 that are impacting those years in terms of rental rates. So all the leasing is forward. And so, if you have a block of available space today, it's going to be hand-to-hand combat, as Ray like to say in terms of getting that lease that’s basically. And there is new suppliers coming online, and there are tenants in significant -- or landlords that are significantly improving their quote-on-quote edging beauties with new capital. So, it's a very competitive market for second generation space, and there is not a lot of new demand generators in the district itself. Ray, I don’t know if you have any other thoughts.
Owen Thomas: So, Manny, I actually think our comments are pretty consistent. So, when we referred to 2100 Penn you talking about leases that are commenced in 2022. It's a forward leasing market, and we’re very encouraged about how we’ll do at 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue. But we have available space in '17, '18, '19, you’re going to struggle.
Owen Thomas: No, I think that's all right. There were a -- like the Akamai was a lumpy lease, obviously. As much as I’d love to think $3 million would be a run rate quarterly leasing volume for us, that's not going to be the case. It was an extraordinary quarter, and there were some special circumstances, but the markets remained healthy. And I think the other thing that happened is I'm very proud and pleased with our leasing professionals around the Company. I think they very much focused on our goals for the year, and performed accordingly. So, starting with the combination of all these factors a healthy market, some lumpy leases and focused execution by our team.
Owen Thomas: And Jed, I think the way to think about it is, if you think about our development outflows, as Mike described, that's the money that we're going to spend, we will probably raise more than that. A lot of it will be in the form of either term loans that can be drawn down upon or our line of credit, enhancing it in terms of size. So a lot of the capacity may not actually be dollars that are sitting on our balance sheet, they just maybe availability of dollars that we have.
Owen Thomas: So, Steve it's Owen. We are off to a great start in California. We bought Colorado Center, as you know, last year with 66-67% leased. We've leased I think two-thirds of the vacancy and have good activity on the balance. And we have a comparable sale across the street that's well in excess of the basis that we paid for the building. So, we're in a new market, an important market, we think long-term for the Company and we're in there on a profitable basis. And I think, operationally, the asset has been seamlessly integrated into Boston Properties. And Ray Ritchey has done a wonderful job overseeing the leasing and repositioning of the assets. So, your question is where do we go from here? We are going to hire this year a regional head for Los Angeles. We're conducting an outside search, and we're also considering internal candidates for this spot. So, that'll be an important internal step.  In terms of deals, one of the attractiveness of the West LA market where we intend be active is development is difficult, entitlements are hard to come by, it preserves value. And therefore, it is harder to grow. That being said, I would say we have a bead on, I would say at this point, something like half a dozen different opportunities, some of them are sales of under-leased buildings, some are repositioning of existing assets and some are development. As we said before, we're delighted to be in LA. We're going to grow overtime. We want to be a leading land lord and developer in the market, but we also are pushing pressure on ourselves to do that overnight. We want to continue to do it the way we did with Colorado Center and do it on a profitable basis. And I’m hopeful this year that we'll be able to add at least one other asset to our portfolio. And if we can find something on a basis that makes sense financially for shareholders, we're going to do that.
Owen Thomas: Sure .So for those of you who are unfamiliar with what's going on at the Prudential Center. When we built the 88, Boylston Street at the same time, we basically demolished what was the Food Court, reinvented it as a 45,000 square foot Eataly and also added another floor space to a portion of the Prudential Center, which we refer to as the flagship. All of that space is leased, and Under Armor, Eataly, organization called Aritzia, the floor expanded. We've got a whole new roster of tenants. And based upon the foot traffic, particularly in what we referred to as the slower times, the Eataly has really been a very positive revenue enhancer to the Prudential Center, and it’s driving traffic not just from a retail perspective but actually it's been driving traffic from a parking perspective. So we actually have a lot of visitors that are coming to the Prudential Center parking and paying for a couple of hours of parking as well, which is important. We have a couple or more of these types of opportunities in front of us. But I think the relevancy of the Prudential retail is stronger today than it has ever been. It's a place that people want to come, and I think it has generated a buzz amongst the retailers so that other retailers want to be here as well. And so, we're feeling really-really good about our incremental investments there.
Owen Thomas: Well, we, as you know, are building our residential portfolio generally in the Company. It's currently a small component of our NOI but we have completed and have -- we've completed several successful residential developments and have a few under way. We identified the [technical difficulty] neighborhood in Oakland as a improving area and one that is attractive for development, particularly given the site that we're looking at, direct access to public transport into San Francisco, and the rents that we'll be able to offer to market are at significant discount to the rents in central San Francisco. We are paying attention to market conditions. We understand the deliveries that are there, and we're factoring that into our underwriting. And in terms of the specific economics of the deal that we're doing, I think it's too early for us to discuss that. But when and if we decide to go forward with this project, we'll certainly describe the exact financial arrangements, but we think they're attractive.
Owen Thomas: Right now, it's an option. And the other activity that's going on is very important as the entitlement of the site.
Owen Thomas: That project is VA 95. And as we announced the last quarter, the primary tenant in the project announced -- put out an RFP for a potential consolidation. So that uncertainty made the asset more difficult to market. And frankly the consolidation could be an opportunity for us, because we're going to compete for that. But we need to, I would say, re-stabilize that building before considering selling it. I also just want John to take a victory lap. I think we were identified as the highest, the leading real-estate company in New York with lease space over $100 square foot in 2016. So, the volumes in that market are not large, but we captured the highest share last year.
Owen Thomas: Well, we prefer or we -- actually I would say, exclusively right now, are making investments where we can use our real-estate skills to create value. Doug described it in his remarks that a key value proposition for whole company. So, we're not interested in purchasing stabilized assets, the cap rates in the force, because they -- when we have the opportunity to create more value by either buying under-let assets or by development. And I think the examples of that are we have a very significant multi-billion dollar development pipeline underway, and we're still forecasting a cash NOI yield upon delivery for that portfolio in excess of 7%. All the projects that we delivered last year were in excess of 7%. And when we think those buildings are delivered, again it depends a little bit on where they are and what there. But if again stabilize buildings in our core markets are selling for four, because that's a significant profit that's realized by shareholders. So, to the extent we can continue to find projects, they're painful that way. We want to go forward with them. I would say the one thing that has changed that we've talked about over the last few quarters as we get further into the economic recovery as we see supply in our markets that does describe our pre-letting requirement for launching a new development had elevated. We don't have exact percentage that we adhere to, because it depends on the project and scale and the market condition. But clearly, our threshold for pre-letting is higher in office today. And I would say the other thing by the way we've done in addition to development is trying to purchase assets where when we lease them and when they roll to market that we will own them at a premium yield, certainly the 4%. And I think Colorado Center deal I would point to much recently that we did where I think those facts are going to come true.
Owen Thomas: Good. Well again, that concludes the questions. Thank you for your interest in Boston Properties and your time and attention today. Thank you.
Ray Ritchey: Well, this will come as a shock, but I have a little more optimistic viewpoint to Doug. I would agree with Doug. The market is bifurcated between the traditional as we call edging beauties the buildings that have been that represent the A Class buildings for many, many years, but has being a little bit more challenged. But it is amazing to us, the demand for high level, trophy level space, new construction and thus showing the success we had 61 Mass and the interest we’re receiving at 2100 Penn. We’ve had control of the property now for two or three months, and we’ve got three or four major law firms that we’re in active discussions in. Even though that occupancy will take place in '21 and '22. So it's a very, very differentiated market, high-end trophy space, as strong as ever. The space has been kind of bypass because of new technology, new configuration and new locations, is facing some challenges. But we are still very, very optimistic. We think the law firm consolidation has been running at full course. There is one dynamic of the Trump is we’re seeing a lot of associations, corporations, others engaging law firm and lobbies to understand what the Trump dynamic will mean. So, we are seeing -- and as Doug referred in the call, we’re seeing an uptick just in the last month or so in the defense and intelligence related community demand. So, one maybe view the glass half full, I view as the glass almost due to the top. We’re feeling very good about the upper in space.
Ray Ritchey: Let me say one thing and then I’ll let Owen comment. There was not one deal that was done during that period that was originated during the fourth quarter. So, everything is ongoing. And I would say that to the extent that things were getting done it was because it was the end of the year and people want to get paid on the brokerage side. And there's an emphasis on getting deals completed. I would also say that there was more confidence in the business community after the results of the election, and that probably you know pushed things further along quicker than they might otherwise have been.
Ray Ritchey: Again, I think like downtown, the suburbs are sub-market by sub-market, western still remains very strong. We got less than a 3% vacancy and strong demand there. Tysons seems to be -- again that is not a market we’re in, but seems to be getting some legs revitalization in the defense and the intel market. We’re seeing some net migrations into the region, some corporations outside of Washington they are looking at suburban options. What is funny, I went to the Cushman briefing last night on where the market is headed, and they are very big on the maturation of the order of generation, moving out to cities, forming households, having children, looking for better schools. And that’s going to drive great demand in the suburbs in the coming three to five years. Along those lines, we saw on the Dallas corridor, if you wanted more than 50,000 square-feet in the Dallas corridor, you only have three to four options to choose from. Whereas this time last year, you probably had 10 to 15. The 270 corridor still very weak, nothing to really report there, and of course with our announced Marriott deal pulling Marriott out of the North Bethesda market that will be a continued challenge we know that will come in the future. On the defense intel, as Doug mentioned, our two parts that are most directly associated with defense and intel and Apple's junction in VA 95, we’ve had tremendous activity on those -- both those properties in the last three to five weeks with over 250,000 square-feet of prospects coming in since the election. The army corridor Roseland, Boston, I think they’re starting to stabilize, and getting some traction. But as long as there's value downtown, the close-end suburbs don't have their natural feeder market to generate demand as much as they would like to see. So, again as with downtown, it’s much more market-by-market, although the general trend is more positive.
Ray Ritchey: I mean, if the Trump initiative about freezing government hiring if that put into place, this is not the first time this has been tried both President Reagan tried to do this back in the early to mid 80s. And all that happened was the defense contractors, the private sector guys, expanded greatly to fill the void. And we'd much rather prefer doing deals with private sector contractors than try to work with the GSA on government expansions. So if in fact the freeze is put into place, we view that as a positive thing in terms of the -- the demand for those services aren’t going away. And so because it shifted from the public to the private sector, that's a good thing for Northern Virginia landlords.
Ray Ritchey: That's a interesting question to answer. To those of you who don't know my son, David, recently joined head of the leasing of the combined firm. And I’d say he's got one of the most challenging jobs in Washington, but it's sort of like Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader going head-to-head. So we'll see how that works out in the future.
Ray Ritchey: I can make absolutely no comment on Nestle. First of all, I've no knowledge on Nestle, and have none capacity to comment on that at all. On the FBI, I inquired to my sources within the GSA what the impacts would be on the FBI deal on the change in administration. She says full steam ahead. But I cannot believe a President as actively involved in real-estate with such an interest who owns a major asset directly across the street from the FBI building, will not have a very profound and active role in seeing what the future that maybe. But according to GSA, it's full steam ahead, there's still three candidates left for that site. We elected to not to participate in that, even though we were selected as the finalist about a year ago and there is still three sites, two in Maryland one in Virginia that's being considered.
Ray Ritchey: I think that as we have described our expectation is that we’re going to raise that capital to fund our development outflows over the next few years. If you remember, the building that Doug is describing, that’s not going to be done until the first quarter of '20. So, this $400 million that goes out over three years of the timeframe. So, given our leverage situation, we would anticipate that we would fund that through additional debt. I mean, there could be moderate asset sales over the next couple of years that we will supplement that. We do not typically put dispositions in our guidance, so just to point that out. We are looking at potentially $200 million of maybe asset sales. We haven't identified those asset fairly. So that’s necessary in our guidance today, just to be aware.
Michael LaBelle: We don't -- we can figure out the numbers we have. We can look at and we know specific situations where we have you know large tenants, for example, at 250, West 51st Street. We have an 85,000 square foot tenant that hasn't taken occupancy yet. We have 25,000 square foot tenant at GM building that hasn't taken occupancy yet. We have some tenants across the portfolio where we think about distinct situations where we can look at it. We've not aggregated that and looked at it on a forward basis. We do obviously look at what our occupancy is going to be over the next couple of years. And our view for this year is that we’re still going to average between 90 and 91%. Our occupancy should go up in the first couple of quarters. And then at the end of the year, we’re going to lose occupancy at 399 Park Avenue in New York City, which is going to bring it back down a little bit. And as Doug described in his notes and what we’ve disclosed in our investor presentations are that, look, we've got some vacancy in some buildings like 200, Clarendon Street, Colorado Center, 601 Lex, where we believe we're going to fill these spaces up. We're highly confident we're going to fill these spaces up over the next couple of years, and move our occupancy up into the 93% area.
Michael LaBelle: On a net debt to EBITDA basis, I would say that we still believe that we’re going to be kind of ranging somewhere to the low 6s to 7s. And then when the income starts coming in as we deliver developments, it's going to come down. The capital that we're going to be raising, if you look at the outflows, we've got $1 billion worth of outflows over the next couple of years. I would anticipate, in 2017, we're going to need to raise somewhere in the $500 million to $700 million area to fund what's happening in 2017. Fund the development outflows that we've going something in that zip code.
Michael LaBelle: That's moved up a little bit as the development fundings occur, because we don’t have the cash coming in. So, as you fast forward to the cash income coming in from those developments, it's going to come down significantly.
Michael LaBelle: So, we’ve talked about this before and there are two ways to think about this, Alex. So, the first way to think about this is either investment that we’re making that actually have an incremental NOI contribution. And so, what we do is we think about our buildings and we say if we don’t do anything what can we rent the space for and how long might it take. And if we do something what will be the rent be and how long might it take. And in many cases, we actually think that additional capital is going to both enhance the rent that we’re achieving and reduce the downtime that we’re achieving. There are also incremental investments that we’re making in these buildings. We’re actually achieving additional income. So, as an example at 601 Lexington Avenue, there is a -- that first instance, we think we’re going to achieve 7% to 12% return on our capital, because we’re going to get a significantly higher rent than we would have otherwise gotten have we simply leased the space as is. And we’re also redoing the retail space and we’re going to get incremental revenue on the retail space. But what we said is the return on the retail space really is about for the building. And so will that retail space reinvestment improve our ability to generate higher return, aka higher rents from the rest of the space at 601, and we think that’s in fact the case. And given the amount of the investment, you don’t have to get more than a buck or two in order to have a pretty significant return. So, we’ve got how we think about these things. Now there are other situations where we’re doing a lobby or where we having to replace an edging window system or the elevators need to go from a called to a destination. Those types of improvements are much harder to quantify in terms of a dramatic change in the overall environment of the building and there when I referred to more sort of recurring capital investments that are critical not revenue producing.
Michael LaBelle: I'm going to be honest with you. On 3 million square-feet of space and we didn't calculate the number on the step that was executed this quarter. In general, what we are seeing is that our San Francisco area leases are leases that are less than -- more than five years, generally are somewhere between 40% and 50% on a gross basis, doing upwards of 70% on a net basis. Our rents in New York City typically are up 5% to 7% or flat. And we talked about this before, there're certain buildings, 399 being the best example, where we're basically going to be working hard to maintain the same rent level that we had on a basis prior to their expirations. On the other hand, in a building like General Motors’ building, we were taking space back at $100 plus a square foot and leasing it at a $150 square foot. We're seeing a very significant uptick. So, it's very much depending upon the space. Washington DC we have the -- the fortunate or the unfortunate circumstance of having leases in that market that are going up annually by 3% plus a year. So in general, when a lease rolls over in Washington DC, it's probably at market or slightly above market. And so that's why I think you see, in general, a pretty moderate roll-up or roll-down in Washington DC overtime. And then in Boston, again, I think you're seeing a pretty consistent growth in rents. Anything in Cambridge is probably 100% on a net basis, anything in the Backbay is probably somewhere between 25% and 35% on a net basis, and in the suburbs are between 10% and 15%, because we're generally rolling rents from them, mid-to-high 30s to the low-40s.
Michael LaBelle: Yes. As I said, the majority of that expiration in New York City in 2017 is at 399 Park, which I just referred to and it's a pretty flat expiration. I think I said in the past that net-net we're a couple of bucks of square foot on average when we lease all that space up above where we're currently expiring.
Michael LaBelle: This is an interesting situation actually, so I'm glad you brought it up. At the Backbay Station garage, so we own the garage. We extended the ground lease on that garage when we got the additional rights to develop over Backbay station. And what we did is we agreed to pay $37 million in ground rent, and straight lined it over a 99 year ground lease term. The payments associated with that go out as we improve the station, so as the dollar go out. So in the fourth quarter of 2015, we spent $5 million improving some installation there, and in fourth quarter of '16 we spent very little, so that was a boost to our casting store from '15 to '16. We are dependent upon the budgeting of the MBTA to figure out when these costs are going to out, so they are hard for us to judge. But I would say, over the next two to three years, we could have some lumpy quarters where some of this all the sudden hits. In 2017, we don’t have a significant amount of expectation, because again they are planning, it has been a little bit slower. So, we don’t have a strong projection as to the exact timing, so we do not expect much to go on in 2017.
Michael LaBelle: No, I mean if anything, it's is going to be a headwind in the quarters when we have these dollars, and we’ll have to explain it in that quarter, because it's really kind of an unusual thing.
Michael LaBelle: And the only other thing is we do have the 80,000 square-feet of current vacancy that we’ve got that in July. So, as Doug mentioned, we've leased about 25,000 square-feet of that and we’ve got good activity on the rest that none of that space will hit in 2017, because it's got to be built out. But I would expect all of that space should hit in 2018, I mean, that's high value space.
Michael LaBelle: As the Estee Lauder has lease expiration they're in almost 300,000 square-feet space. So what we're dealing with is another intendment to both.
Michael LaBelle: I think you asked a good question, or one that deserves what I think is a very optimistic answer on our part, which is that, and we’ve been saying this consistently for the last year or so. We don’t have any intension to raising any equity, and we believe that as the cash flow from our current development pipeline, which is already in progress, starts to hit our books and it's hitting our books '16, '17 and '18. We are building tremendous amounts of capacity to fund additional investments, and we’re building additional capacity by reducing our net debt to EBITDA. So, we have a terrific opportunity to actually be more acquisitive from a development perspective or a straight acquisition perspective as we move out with our current equity base and the fact that we’re growing our cash flow significantly.
Michael LaBelle: So, that loan expires in October of 2017. It's possible that we could refinance it a little bit early. We are expecting to be talking to the market in a formal way later in the first quarter. In terms of the execution of that, we would anticipate that we are going to refinance it as mortgage finance like it is today. If you look at the cash flows that can be generated and are being generated by that asset, it's under leverage today. So, we have the ability, if we want, to risk some incremental proceeds in that way, so that could be part of the $500 million to $700 million of additional debt capital that I mentioned that we raised. It's a large loan. So the two primary sources for that are the CMBS market which is very attractive market today. Spreads have come in over the last two or three quarters nicely. Obviously, the swap rates and treasuries have moved up 50 basis points in the last quarter, and spreads have not come in 50 basis points, but they have come in. And then we could also do a large syndicated facility with banks and insurance companies, and folks like that. So that those are kind of the two executions that we would look at to do in long-term, long-term being seven to 10 year mortgage financing.
John Powers: Yes, every product is a little different. If you look at 159, that's a very unique offering. It's almost a new building, and it's going to be spectacular, it's got a lot of outdoor space. So, I'd say that is very much in the sweet spot of the market, because that will be priced under $100. But we have space at 399, in the tower there that is sweet spot, and now it's 25,000 foot for the core that's a great building. So although be below that's over a 100, it's not a 150. And so people that are looking for high quality might find that to be their sweet spot.
John Powers: Okay. Well, we’re very excited about the projects. And this is a big days for us, because the first piece of scale went up this morning. So, we’re rolling along. There is no -- the buildings built all above grade, so there is no foundation. So, the building will spectacular. It's got all the amenities of a new building, floor-to-floor heights, et cetera. And we’re working with the Navy Yard and the transportation side. I think it's a little too early for the leasing. We brought it out to the brokerage community, and I think it's going to well receive.
John Powers: Well, in the -- look, the first part of this is going out to the brokerage community overall. And I think we’ve done that pretty successfully. We have to get closer to the date when the building is done to talk to specific tenants.
John Powers: Sure. Well, we’ve had -- we're dealing with a number of different buildings. I think we have very good showings at 159, and we're looking for like a 150,000 foot tenant. We had very good activity in the Tower at 399 the seventh floor is very difficult to show right now because of the construction project that's ongoing.
Douglas Linde: So, I'll refer to -- answer the second part of your question first. So we've talked about the Apple lease before, and the Under Armor lease. And I think I don't have it in front of me, but my recollection is that we're going from somewhere around $50 million plus of NOI currently to somewhere over $85 million of NOI when Apple moves back into their rehabilitated store and Under Armor has completed their work and/or gets to live in their space and they're starting to pay on a full run rate basis. And so I think that’s that part. On the General Motors’ building office space where as I think we might say we have a termination income this quarter and next quarter as the tenant moves out of the space that they're moving out of in the lower floors and then we have to lease it up. And John, if I say, we’re going to lease it up in the next two days, you're going to say no. If I said we’re going to lease up in the next year or so, he's going to say absolutely. And so the timing of that's going to depend upon the condition of the space when we leased it up, and the overall leasing strategy we have for it. So, I don’t think there's a lot to change there over the next couple of years in General Motors.
Douglas Linde: I would gather to guess, I don't have the list in front of me that there is virtually no reduction in space by any of the tenants that signed the lease this quarter. And there was likely modest expansion in the majority of the leases that were not straight renewals.
Douglas Linde: No, I actually think we're optimistic about the demand. I think our point is that there's additional supply out there. And so when you have additional supply, you still have to deal with needing to grow more than that incremental demand to make a meaningful impact on the availability and the vacancy rates, so that you can drive rents. And there's just not enough of it overall in our marketplaces to do that. So things have -- the rate of growth has moderated, which we've talked about before. As I said, we're seeing demand growth from the technology and the life sciences businesses across the Boston marketplace and the San Francisco marketplace, and in New York City. We are seeing small signs of stability and positive growth from some of the smaller financial services companies in and around New York City and in Boston, and in San Francisco. But there happens to be more supply coming online, and that supply is impacting the market from an overall availability perspective. And so, it's awful hard to drive rental rate increases in a market like that.
Douglas Linde: We have not yet come out with an official budget. The only development projects that we announced -- the word announce, I am going to make sure is what the right one is. We signed a lease for a development for Akamai as Owen described. That project is in Cambridge and that project will have a budget about somewhere around $400 million plus or minus. We’re working through our budgets right now, so we haven't published the number in our supplemental information yet.
