Douglas Linde: John, this is Doug. I'll just give another perspective. So we have a lot of what I would refer to as highly financeable assets with long-term credit leases and where we would likely go and finance, for example, a 15-year Google lease for fivce years or a 12-year Microsoft lease for 5 years, right? And we're not doing these 75% LTVs. We're looking for a modest amount of leverage. So those types of assets, we believe are highly marketable to the various counterparties in the lending community, be they insurance companies, be they domestic or foreign banks, be they the CMBS market. So that's sort of where we're looking for additional capital. And then as Mike suggested, we have a maturity in a relatively small-sized asset, a $100 million asset in Washington, D.C., and we had a number of term sheets from secured lenders on that. And so we are seeing evidence that our portfolio is as being receptive to additional secured initial.
Douglas Linde: So the way I characterize things is if we are negotiating a lease document, it's part of that 900,000 square feet. If we have an active conversation and are exchanging letters of intent, but we have not yet confirmed a letter of intent, AKA, meeting of the minds, and we haven't started a lease negotiation, that's sort of in that other pipeline. And I would say we have slightly more stuck in the active proposals or active negotiation stage than we had last quarter, largely because some of the stuff that I thought was going to get done in the first quarter reached into the second quarter. There are 2 meaningfully larger deals, meaning over 100,000 square feet that we had -- we thought we had a chance of signing in the first quarter that just didn't get signed yet. And our active proposal pipeline is, I would say, modestly growing sort of quarter-to-quarter, but pretty consistent with what it's been the last 2 or 3.
Douglas Linde: So this is Doug. I don't want to get into a conversation about other people's assets. So from our perspective, obviously, we don't have anything maturing anytime soon in our Manhattan portfolio. And we do have two large CMBS transactions that were done. There were SAS deals but they've got long duration associated with them. I would expect that the markets will heal and that there will be capital available at a different kind, as Mike described, a different kind of a leverage point and are a different kind of a pricing parameter. So there is going to be equity that's required in these assets to appropriately refinance them with a capital structure that makes sense for the large loan marketplace. And there's going to be, obviously, some degree of time before we get there. I mean there are obviously a lot of, I guess, sort of kick the cans or workouts or other conversations going on right now. But I believe with enough equity, you will be able to raise $1 billion financing in the market, but they're going to be done at different kind of leverage points.
Douglas Linde: And Pete, maybe you can -- you or Ray can comment on the program we've had in Reston, Virginia for probably the last seven years and how successful that's been.
Douglas Linde: I think it's general expectation based upon SAC, right? So I went through our sort of pipeline, and I've got 900,000 square feet of active leases under negotiation I've got 1.65 million square feet of proposals that I believe will manifest themselves into a significant number of signed leases, and it's -- we're talking about being in April of 2023. So I've got another eight months ahead of me. So I feel very confident that we will be able to achieve a 3 million square foot leasing market I hope we're going to exceed it, but it's not based upon our projections. Our projections are 3 million square feet and that's where it was built into our occupancy numbers and Mike's same-store numbers.
Douglas Linde: Okay. So that's about 8 questions and I'll try and answer them really fast. So we lease 5.8 million square feet of space in 2022, and our expectations were for 3 million square feet in 2023, so a lot less. The first quarter, I think, was pretty consistent with what our expectations were for the year. So I don't think that there are any sort of changes on a relative basis. Regarding occupancy, we've been pretty consistent with where we've basically been saying we think occupancy is expected to go down a little bit in 2023. I think we didn't describe exactly when that's going to occur. There will be some reduction in occupancy likely in the second quarter because we have some expirations. And then the 1.2 million square meter space that I described that we expect to get in service in '23 is more towards the back end of the quarter or the back end of the year, so it will pick up again. But net-net, we think our occupancy will be relatively flat to modestly higher as we enter the end of 2023, early 2024. With regard to Salesforce Tower, Salesforce.com has space on the sublet market. We're not part of their conversations. They have not come to us and said, "Hey, we have a tenant that would like to do a long-term lease? And would you consider doing a stub or would you consider taking the space back. So I'm not aware of what their specifically is going on with their sublet. But I can tell you that they're single location is likely to be at Salesforce Tower when they sort of get done with their "subleasing the space" because they've moved out of 350 Mission, and they have the majority of their space at 50 Fremont on the Sublomarket. And they obviously, they pulled out of the other buildings that were going to go up in that neighborhood. So the thing that's left is Salesforcetower.com.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And this is Doug. I would just add that World Gate is sort of an illustrative example of what we think may happen in certain instances in certain cities where the buildings have no intrinsic value as a repositioned conversion, and therefore, the land is really where the value is, and it probably has a higher and better use as residential. And so there are buildings probably that will be taken down and the sites will be then readapted as residential sites even though they're currently commercial office buildings.
Owen Thomas: It's Owen. A couple of things I would say. One -- first thing would be, what is it? So we're not going to go out and buy a cheap office building in the hopes that we can make it less cheap over time. We're going to focus on premier workplaces in the office segment. We're going to continue to focus on our life science portfolio, and we're also going to focus on residential development, probably more as a merchant builder as opposed to a long-term owner. So I think perimeter is very important. Look, in terms of overall -- yes, in terms of overall cost and what we're going to be looking for. One, it's certainly gone up. Number two, it would depend a lot on the risk profile of the asset. But then number three, what's always on our mind is our stock is currently trading at a look through cap rate of 9%. And that's got to be a guidance post as we think about putting out new capital.
Owen Thomas: Alex, we have access to capital, as Mike and I pointed out and the key is pricing. We're interested. We're open for business. We're interested in growing our company. We think we will. But that's at a 9% look through cap rate is a guidepost for us.
Owen Thomas: I would just add, we have -- Bob should comment on this. We have market inquiries relatively frequently for the Salesforce Tower, and it's completely full. And one of the reasons Salesforce is putting floors in the tower on the market is because it's actually the easiest space they have sublease given the attractiveness of the asset.
Owen Thomas: Well, we think that our stock represents a very uniquely interesting investment, particularly at this point in time. Most of the inquiries we've been getting recently, and that's the reason why Mike and I spent so much time on it in our remarks is our access to capital and how are we dealing with upcoming debt maturities and things like that. So in this kind of environment, buybacks are not a priority for us. And we also -- we have found interesting uses for the capital. We just put on our development pipeline this quarter. The 290 Binney Street development that's 100% leased to AstraZeneca and also the 300 Binney Street asset conversion.
Owen Thomas: No, I would say it this way. I think it's a very big trend that will unfold slowly. And the reason I think it's a very big trend is because I think virtually everyone benefits from it. There's too much out of -- there's too much obsolete office stock that something needs to happen with that stock. Number two, there is a shortage of housing in I think all the cities where we operate. Three, conversions would create more appraised value and more tax revenues for the cities that we operate in. And lastly, converting an existing building versus tearing it down and building something new creates much less embodied carbon. So I just think everything about conversion makes a ton of sense. The issue with it is -- and the reason I say it's going to unfold slowly is there are big challenges in doing it. First of all, building has to be empty, and there's not many office buildings that are fully empty, a lot of them are 50% empty or something like that. So that's number one. Number two, physical characteristics are very important, particularly the Bay depths in the property, access to light and air is very important for residential. So very large floor plate buildings they'll work as well. And then lastly, economics; most office buildings today are not appraised or valued at a level where a conversion is economic. But I think these forces will work themselves out over time. If you just take a very small percentage of the 733 million square feet of office in our markets and say it's converted, that's very material. And in terms of BXP, we don't have any assets that are conversion candidates themselves. But I do think it will represent an opportunity for us to do some residential development. And it's a little bit different from a typical conversion that I think you're asking me about, but this world gate investment, albeit small, that we just made is an example of us reusing a parking garage and taking a site that's currently an empty office building and converting it into something more productive.
Robert Pester: Sure. We have a program of doing spec suites at Embarcadero Center on the smaller spaces, and we have several that are in the works right now. And some of them are designed where they can be combined with other suites that we need larger space. And typically, when we do these turnkey, we might have to put a little bit of TI in after the fact when we find a tenant. But we've had great success with these smaller suites so far.
Robert Pester: Sure. First off, the CNBC report that came out the other day that they were stopping the project is false news. It's been reported by the mayor on Friday and Google yesterday that they're still planning on proceeding with the project today -- or excuse me, this year. We do have a relationship with Google, whether or not they would have interest in that project remains to be seen. But we will be the first building out of the ground adjacent to their campus. So time will tell. They're several years away from actually starting a building because they've got to put all the infrastructure in place person.
Robert Pester: Let me answer your second question first. So your second question on CapEx is that BXP typically spends somewhere between $2 and $2.50 a square foot per year on its overall, what I would refer to as ordinary course of business CapEx. And that is defined as base building and what I would say sort of modest refreshes on our portfolio. It doesn't include if we're going to build a new amend center at the General Motors building or we're going to do a new amenity center and a market or a center or we're going to totally got and redo 1 of our lobbies. So it doesn't include those types of expenses, which would be outside of that. With regard to WeWork, WeWork is client of ours, WeWork is clearly reducing the number of units that they have. We've negotiated some reductions from WeWork in our portfolio and WeWork is not likely to be in the same relative position in terms of the amount of space that they take from BXP when we get to the next quarter.
Robert Pester: Yes. I would just add, the building is 100% leased. It's probably the most sought after building in San Francisco for space and we get multiple inquiries every month about people looking for space in the building.
