Owen Thomas: Nick, let me start off. I'm sure Doug will have a few comments as well. So just to back up for a second and talk a little bit about our rationale for doing this joint venture. Gateway is a very well located office park near Transit in South San Francisco, which is a very strong lab market and frankly a less strong office market. The keys that drove the joint venture is there is a land parcel that is located between our assets and Alexandria's assets that are part of this joint venture. And that land is owned by us, but it's encumbered by a surface parking easement by one of the Alexandria buildings. So by doing this joint venture, both we and Alexandria are contributing our rights to that site, and we can develop on it. So this JV opens up that parcel to new development, and we and Alexandria also contributed additional sites. And also on the Boston Properties side, we have some excess parking that we can contribute to as well. So the way we look at this is from our standpoint, and I do think Alexandria, this is one plus one equals three. We're creating value just by putting the two sides together. Also from our standpoint, we get to reorient our investment in Gateway, which is primarily an office project to date, to the lab market locally, which is much stronger. We free up 3 new development opportunities. We have no loss of income. So again, I think this is a win-win for both Boston Properties and Alexandria. As it relates to some of your questions about the development, the total development rights as I mentioned and it’s mentioned in the release and in my remarks is over 600,000 feet. It's on three separate sites. We and Alexandria are – will -- have been and will be working on development plans for those sites. So we're not prepared at this point to answer some of your questions as it relates to cost. There is a possibility that we could launch one of these buildings in this year. So not all of them, but one of them.
Owen Thomas: The value of what we're contributing is slightly more than the value of what Alexandria is contributing. So the venture is starting off with us owning a little bit more than 50%. And as we proceed with new development, Alexandria will be funding all of it until it's trued up to 50-50.
Owen Thomas: No, not at all, it's a 100% New Dominion. Obviously that's not a net number, right. That's just a gross number.
Owen Thomas: We are not looking at different sites all the time. And so we continue to think about Northern Virginia as a really important focus for our growth. And so we don't have anything that we can comment on specifically, but we continue to look at different assets.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So Michael, its Owen. We initiated these conversations with Alexandria last year and the reason we initiated it was for the rationale that I went through earlier, the one plus one equals three, reorienting our investment in gateway from office to lab. No loss of income, and also I think not only win for us, but also a win for Alexandria. So we initiated it. We just got to close as you know. We have and hope to continue to have a strong relationship with Alexandria, but there's no additional dialogue with them at this time about other joint ventures or other cooperation.
Owen Thomas: Our preference was to do the deal that we've currently constructed. We think that's a better outcome for Boston Properties shareholders in selling the Park. Because it's all, as I mentioned earlier, it's all office. It's in a strong lab market. We think will create more value for our shareholders by doing the joint venture as currently constructed than we would if we sold it for cash.
Owen Thomas: So the joint venture will be jointly controlled from a governance standpoint. Alexandria will be the property manager, although we will receive a portion of the fees. We and Alexandria will be co-developers, though Alexandria will be in the lead and we will also receive a portion of those fees and we think this structure makes sense, given the larger presence that Alexandria has in the South San Francisco market.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So I just look at the numbers, the transaction volume for our space, those being larger office buildings was a little bit up in 2019 versus 2018. But I think the market is very solid, there's good liquidity. I look at things like interest rates are going down, and cap rates are at least so far have not, so that spread between where the cap rates are and the risk free rate is very healthy, from a liquidity standpoint. I think there is a lot of liquidity in the world is looking for real estate. And I think the U.S. is a very strong destination, given that even though our – we look at our rates as being low, they're lower in most of the other developed countries and cap rates are even lower. So there's yield available here, there's stability available here, and I'm optimistic for capital flows going into 2020. In terms of the markets, I do think there is a higher level of liquidity for the tech and life science sectors of the private capital market. So I think competitions for buildings that are in Boston or in San Francisco or in West LA are stronger I think in general than they are in New York for example.
Owen Thomas: I don't know if it's changed. That's certainly a focus on the private market as well. But again, every quarter, and I did a couple more this quarter, the cap rates haven't changed much. I mean I've been giving, on these calls, a pretty robust report on the private capital market for Class A office buildings in our core markets, and the cap rates have been sticking more or less in the force. So I think CapEx is always something that's discussed for office and frankly for all types of real estate. But I don't think it's had a material impact on the cap rates.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I think that tech and life science and other creative industries will continue to be the drivers of net absorption. I think the more traditional industries, financial customers, legal customers, their businesses are fine. They're doing well. I don't see as much growth in those areas. So I think you'll see them, there will be lease expiration driven leasing. And I think many of these employers will also be seeking to upgrade their space, but I'm not sure they're going to necessarily grow substantially.
Owen Thomas: And remember that when a new building is sold, it gets assessed to market. So unless there were some odd structure about the way the sale was going to occur, everyone would assume that the assessment would change. And I don't think people are viewing the building escalations after the assessment to have a material impact on the value on a going forward basis.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Okay. So maybe I'll make a general comment on the whole shared workspace business. I'll turn it over to Bryan to talk about FLEX by BXP. Clearly there's been a slow down in new leasing from the Coworking operators, given all of the tumult with WeWork last year. And I think that's not only been true of WeWork, but also some of the smaller operators. I mean, I think the markets continue to be healthy – ending that demand driver has gone away at least for the beginning of 2020.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So we look at it as, we're not trying to grow FLEX for the sake of growth. But if we have – we do think the product is interesting to a segment of our customer base and if we have the right space in the right place, we'll consider future stores.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So to answer you, let me – I think you asked kind of two questions there. Absolutely this joint venture at Gateway, we're very excited about it. We think it's going to create a lot of value for shareholders versus what we own right now. But it's very specific, it was very specific to the fact that Alexandria owned the assets next door, and had these sites where the development potential was unlocked. So that's why we did it. As it relates to joint ventures overall, we're increasingly using joint ventures in our portfolio for different reasons than the Gateway project. We recently brought in CPP to own a 45% interest in the Platform 16 project. They are our partner on the Santa Monica Business Park acquisition that we, I guess, increasingly less recently made. So we are continuing and will continue to inject private equity into our investment portfolio to extend our capital. The rationale for that is very different from the rationale of the Gateway joint venture.
Owen Thomas: I'll respond just to the 3 Hudson. So, right now that's in our land position and the work that we're doing there is improving the land and since we have not made a commitment or decision to move forward with that full development. We are not putting it on our development page until such time as we would do that. And that's very similar to the way that we handle these other projects. And we for example, Platform 16 that we talked about, we're doing enabling work, we're doing prep work, so we're improving the land that we have. But until we decide that we're going forward, we aren't going to put those projects on the development pipeline.
Owen Thomas: So Danny, we haven't made any decisions, firm decisions, yet about how the observation deck on the Prudential Tower will get operated. Interestingly that it exists and therefore doing a major renovation of it obviously made a lot of sense. We thought about having an observation deck when we were developing Salesforce Tower, but we just couldn't make the vertical transportation work in that building given where the design had already been. And I would say that, at the moment, none of our other assets are candidates for those types of uses.
Owen Thomas: So Danny, the way this works is that, that the projects that are currently in the pipeline in South and Central SoMa will get their additional allocation. The reason why there would be a theory in acceleration is because if you don't use your Prop M allocation within a certain period of time, Bob, I think it's two years.
Owen Thomas: It goes back into the bank, and so to the extent that you get the allocation, you'd want to figure out a way to use it.
Owen Thomas: Okay. Well, I think that concludes all the questions. That concludes all of management's remarks. Thank you all for your attention and interest in Boston Properties. Thank you.
Douglas Linde: Yes. I would just add a couple of more – just clarifying comments. So the current portfolio is our three office buildings, an office building that Alexandria owns, a lab building that Alexandria owned, and an amenity building. So think of it this way, right now, we're 100% office, and as of the formation of transaction, we’re – have about 13% lab, so we've reduced our office exposure. And assuming we build all the lab buildings, and we do some conversion of some of the existing assets, we're probably going to be somewhere closer to 50% or 60% lab in this marketplace at the end of the day. Right now, I think we contemplate that the buildings that will be developed will be lab buildings. They're all sort of in a couple hundred thousand square feet range. And we are actually – there's a plan that we've agreed to for the first building and we're hopeful that we're going to be in a position to have gotten our permits pulled and start construction on that building by the latter part of 2020. And with regards to market rents, I think our view of market rents is that the lab rents are in the mid-50s plus or minus. And so we try to achieve a 7% return on cost, and I think Alexandria has the same perspective, and so that can sort of give you a sense of where we think new construction will be.
Douglas Linde: Yes. So I would answer the question in the following way Michael. So we are actively engaged in conversations with tenants, as John said, at 3 Hudson Boulevard, and we are also actively engaged with tenants on conversations on both 171 Dartmouth Street and on 180 CityPoint. We don't have a signed letter of intent with anyone yet. So I don't think we're in a position where we're close to announcing something. The rents that we are asking are, I would say commensurate with where the market is today and they are more than satisfactory to provide us with an acceptable return to start those buildings. So if you force me to push from a timing perspective, I think that the 171 Dartmouth Street building is probably the one where we have the most significant conversation with tenants who we know are going to want to make a move from where they currently are or expand in the City. And so I said that's probably the one of the three that's most likely.
Douglas Linde: So this is Doug, Jamie. We think it holds a lot of value, which is why we did the transaction. So we have three buildings of almost 700,000 square feet that are currently office buildings and are pretty de minimis amount of amenities. And we saw that Alexandria is building, was building 17,000 square foot, high quality first-class amenities building with a significant advantage from a leasing perspective with regards to both office and the lab tenants that are in that marketplace. So we really – this was truly an opportunity where the two organizations looked at their assets in this particular submarket and said, we're much better off operating. This is one collective as opposed to us sort of doing our own separate things and not being able to untie this piece of land where we owned it and they had an easement on it and where we had extra parking and other assets, and where they had an amenity building. So you throw all this stuff together and it's a win-win for all the customers in both locations today and in the future.
Douglas Linde: So, Derek, I would answer the question in the following way. I believe that that New York City as a physical location for the kind of workers that the technology companies are looking for will continue to be very attractive. It has relatively speaking the best transportation system in all of the major metropolitan markets and it has got affordable and reasonable housing prices within great easy proximity to where companies are locating. And those two things, in my opinion, are very important determinants for where the technology companies are looking to expand their workforce. Plus, they obviously have a lot of college educated workers. So I do believe that New York City has a lot of leg under it, and on a long-term basis, will be a market where the technology companies will continue to grow and prosper.
Douglas Linde: So our venue on life science is primarily in the greater Boston market because that's where our life science assets are. And I would tell you that, our view is that interestingly enough, there are more life science tenants looking for space today than there ever have been. And many of those same life science centers are actually, if you will, warehousing space because they're concerned about finding space as they grow. So we have not seen any of the rhetoric translate into a visceral reaction that we should slow down or stop what we're doing because our business models are going to somehow be stressed by what goes on from a political perspective.
Douglas Linde: We haven't also seen any slow down in the investment portion of the life sciences. We had a record number of VC investment last year. I think it was one out of every $4 in VC came to the Boston market. We continue to see that. And then we also continue to see several of our clients have a pipeline of, call it, new drugs that are up for approval, which have a tremendous amount of opportunity. So we haven't seen any of the rhetoric translate into demand.
Douglas Linde: The only other places that we're currently in processes in San Francisco or that we actually got back in November and it's under way to be a floor of a similar ilk in San Francisco.
John Powers: Yes. We think Perella will leave. We tried to keep them. We worked on that very hard, but for a number of reasons and restacking in place is always difficult. And I think that they will leave the building. We are talking right now to a couple of tenants for that space. I don't know if we'll make that deal – those deals, and we have space rolling up. But as Doug said, we had a pretty good quarter at the end of the year, and I'm pretty optimistic. I think we will be moving forward with some amenity space in the building, which will also be a plus.
John Powers: Thanks, Owen. Yes, we're pretty optimistic based on the tenant response first of all to the building that we’ve received, very positive response. The building, of course, it's on a full acre and it has avenues on three sides. So it's a great site. And we've designed a building that's pretty designed. We're in 100% CDs now. So we've shown it to a lot of brokers, but we've made probably a dozen tenant presentations and it's been very, very well received. So based on that we're still rolling with the foundation, the foundation is not quite complete yet. Obviously, we will not go forward without an anchor tenant. We have a stream of tenants that are interested. Some have – we can make a 24 lease expiration date. That would be the earliest that we could make. Some of the deals that have been done that have been announced, those tenants met with us. I think everyone of them like the building, but we could not make the earlier dates that they really want it. So we have also some tenants with later dates. We're talking to some 25s, 26s, even 27s. So I think what we've decided now is we have the building that we want to build. We have the foundations. And so this is going to be a win not if and we have to just see how it goes over the next quarter or two quarters to see whether we just continue and go forward or we slow down the construction process.
John Powers: Maybe I'll be a little more specific. Yes. I think they were intending to leave. I think they were going to leave. And I have lunch. We've kept in touch with them, but I have lunch with the Chief Operating Officer there and he gave me a list of all the things that were forcing them to leave. And then we took that list one by one and we responded to it and we found swing space for them in the building. We made a deal with Citibank across the street to move – to get their conference center. So that would be available. It's very hard to rebuild a conference center, pay for that, and then move back into a conference center. So Citibank has downsized as everyone knows here in the corner. And they were ready to do something different with that conference center. So we made a deal with a firm in London to sublease it from Citibank. And then we made a deal with the firm that sublease did to allow Shearman to use it for a year. So they go across the street to rebuild their conference center. So the swing space, the conference center, they had some operational issues in the building because it was a – these weren't really built based building problems, but they were problems that stem from the way they did. They build a way, way back in the late 1980s, and we were able to get them to understand how that all happened from an MEP standpoint and they were very comfortable that we’re going to fix it all. So given you a high point of a number of things on a much longer list, but when we had all that done, they decided when they looked at their alternatives that they could live here happily for another 20 years, which will by the way make it 50 years at the end of that 20 that they'll be in this asset.
John Powers: We don't have any retail exposures in that area, obviously the overall rents have dropped in the retail market, but for specific store, for a specific need, there were still people in the market looking at different alternatives. What we've done in some of our other retail is concentrate on food and beverage because that's an amenity to the office towers, which is very important.
John Powers: Yes. Everything is fine on the WeWork side there. They built out about two-thirds of this space and they're paying rent on all this space. They have a good number of members signed up. We are slow unfortunately on the amenities and we need to get that done. That will be done in the first quarter, and after that's complete, we should – we expect that more WeWork members were moved in. The amenities of 35,000 feet and they're a key part of what we're creating there. On the leasing side, it's been very slow. As you know, we do have a proposal and we're trading paper on a 50,000-foot full floor, which we're optimistic about, but we'll have to see how it comes out.
Robert Pester: Sure. I think the jury is still out on how this is going to turn out, although I believe current polling showing that it doesn't pass. And then there's the issue is this just the first step of them trying to raise property taxes, not just on commercial properties, but then having a second phase that hits residential, which I think is a nonstarter for anyone that owns a house in California, but this will play out over the next six to nine months, and we'll have a better feel during that time. But at present time, I don't think it's going to pass.
Robert Pester: And that's not a change. So I guess – it's always been that way. They always get reassessed on purchase, so that's always been kind of baked into the – in those assets.
Robert Pester: Yes. Proposition E is a ballot measure put forth by Todco, John Elberling. And basically, it would tie affordable housing deliveries to the amount of office space that could be delivered in San Francisco, thereby reducing the amount of Prop M allocation if the affordable housing goals aren't met. It's pulling fairly well right now. In our case, the Central SoMa projects all would get their existing allocation that's still outstanding. So in our case, we'd get another 250,000 feet because they want to get the fees from the developers up front. We're not hearing anything from any tenants as far as it's impacting their desire to be in San Francisco or they're looking elsewhere. And San Francisco has always been a difficult market develop in. So I don't think it really changes anything.
Robert Pester: Only on the Central SoMa projects that have already been approved where it would accelerate the second phase of their Prop M allotment. What the impact will be is existing product, the rent should continue to rise substantially because it's going to restrict supply.
