Owen D. Thomas: Michael, the answer to your question is varied. We're looking for new development and acquisition opportunities in all of our markets. We're not focused on any one particular market. I would say, the -- in San Francisco, we pursued multiple sites. I would say the acquisition activity that we have in San Francisco has been much more focused on development as opposed to existing product. In Washington, I mentioned, the smaller acquisition that we're working on. In terms of developments, we've talked about 501 K Street, which -- where we have a joint venture on a site and we're seeking an anchor tenant to construct that building. We also have developments that we are considering related to the Reston Town Center. In New York, we are looking at acquisitions and development opportunities. And in Boston, I'd say, we are probably a little more focused on executing the robust pipeline that we're working on as opposed to identifying any new projects that we haven't announced. It's a little bit all over the place.
Owen D. Thomas: Yes. It's Owen. So to answer your question, what we said about dispositions for this year is that we felt that they would be in excess of $1 billion, and we'll continue with that guidance. I referenced the Times Square joint venture that we did last year as an example of something that we might consider for this year. And to go back to the merits of that, we were able to -- we feel monetized a portion of an asset at a terrific pricing. We retained the leasing and the management of the building, and we also retained the upside that was in the interest of that we owned. And then lastly, no, I wouldn't say that we would consider joint ventures only in New York. We might consider our own assets outside of New York as well.
Owen D. Thomas: Okay. It's Owen Thomas. Let me just summarize by saying hopefully we've been able to demonstrate to you how busy we are at the current time given all the projects and activities going on. We feel we had a strong second quarter operationally. And we made significant progress executing the long-term strategy that we've been articulating to you. Thank you for your time and attention.
Douglas T. Linde: I mean, Michael, just to sort of reiterate what we said in past calls, so in Boston, we have the North Station development, which is in excess of 1.8 million square feet, of which we're -- we presumably will be a 50% partner with Delaware North, and that's a 2015 start, which is not in our numbers anywhere. There's been some reports about the conversations we're having regarding the -- what's referred to the 100 Clarence Street garage, which is a site that, in all likelihood, could support some additional development, and we're working diligently with Mass Department of Transportation on figuring out a way to untap a couple of those sites, and those are in excess of 600,000 or 700,000 square feet apiece. We've got another building at 10 and 20 CityPoint, which we could build and then there's another close to 350,000 square feet of permitting that we're going to be getting accomplished in August for another building associated with the site that we're selling. And then, as I said, we have the Cambridge development. So that's a pretty big pipeline in Boston. In Washington, D.C., as Owen said, 501 K Street is a development that we are drawing right now, and Ray and his team are making active leasing proposals, and we're optimistic that someone is going to step up and take a very significant portion of that and allow us to get started some time in '15 or 16. In Reston, we have the 2 major developments in the urban core, which is 275,000 square-foot of building, which I described, as well as the signature site, which is another 500-plus thousand square feet of residential, which given our success at The Avant, we're very encouraged by. And then we have the Gateway site, which is another 2-plus million square feet of incremental development on top of the 500,000 square feet that we currently have at what's referred to as Reston Corporate Center, our 250,000 square feet of Reston Corporate Center. So there's a lot of potential development right there. In New York City, John Powers, as we would say, is up to bat with a lot of pitches coming at him. And there are a few that we're moving forward with -- in an expedition -- expedited basis. We're not prepared to talk about where they are or what they are, but they're not insignificant in terms of size, hundreds of millions of dollars. And then, in San Francisco, in addition to the Salesforce Tower and 535 Mission and 690 Folsom Street, Bob is in active discussions with a number of landowners about what I would refer to as next cycle developments, which are developments that will be predicated on 2 things happening. One, the central SoMa business district plan being passed by the city's planning authorities, and then the way the city has to go about it allocating its development resources with regards to the prop M allocation, assuming, as everyone expects, that we're going to get into the situation where there's going to be a limit. So those are the sort of the short-term things that we're looking at, which I think is billions of dollars of development in its total capacity.
Douglas T. Linde: So, Jed, could you please repeat your question again because you got cut off at the beginning of it so I didn't hear the earliest part of it.
Douglas T. Linde: Sure. Trulia was the first lease we signed. And during their process of being acquired or merging, depending upon your perspective, with Zillow, they approved and signed a lease extension. And they're building up this space, as we speak -- expansion, excuse me. So our strong inclination is that, as Dave said, they're going to be running 2 brands. And Zillow has a relatively small office in San Francisco and that they will fully be occupying the space that they've taken at 535. With regards to the other demand at 535 Mission and the Transbay Tower, which by the way we don't call it anymore, it's called the Salesforce Tower, which is the way we should be referring to it. We are seeing what I would refer to as a number of the traditional legal financial services oriented lease expiration driven requirements -- the major banks and law firms. And then we are making presentations and having conversations with a lot of the -- what I refer to as the technology or the new economy companies that Mort was describing, that are growing exponentially in San Francisco. As I described, they're very chunky and they're very large, and everyone is looking forward from a planning perspective because they all see the day when there's not much in the of way of blocks of space available, and Transbay Tower happens to be the one place where, right now, there is a block of space that is available for occupancy. With regards to the -- when we get to 95%, if all the leases that we are in discussions with at 535 actually were to happen, we would be basically 95% before the end of the year. I can't tell you whether or not all those leases are going to occur, but we have active proposals out that encompass more than 100% of the available square footage, which is 207,000 square feet.
Douglas T. Linde: We are optimistic about the market. We are -- we feel that Salesforce Tower is an incredibly exciting project. And we are in no sort of rush to lease the next space, but if a tenant comes along that is looking for a block of space and is prepared to have an economic discussion with us, we are prepared to do another lease.
Douglas T. Linde: Sure. We've had this conversation, I think from time to time during our history, and I'll start with the following, which is we are opportunity constrained not capital constrained. We are a $30 billion enterprise right now. And at any one time, having a series of projects that are in different stages of development from conception to leasing to coming and going into service of a $1 billion or $2 billion is not something that we are at all uncomfortable with. We've described the issues associated with development in the past, regarding the issues with permitting, the issues with construction and the issues with leasing, and we feel like we are really good at managing all of those issues. And that on the leasing side, the issues associated with new development and the issues associated with lease expiration driven vacancy are not too dissimilar. And often times, the advantage is associated with new construction and the changes in the way people are using space and the attractive nature of being able to move into a new environment relative to -- in the example that we're dealing with right now, having to rebuild over a 12- to 18-month period of time and having to swing through it actually create an incentive and an advantage to development. So it puts us in a position where we feel even more comfortable taking the leasing risk on certain developments, particularly when we have a major commitment for a portion of it, a.k.a. 888 Boylston Street than we necessarily have with the risks associated with our "availability in our portfolio."
Douglas T. Linde: Well, Jeff, there are 2 things that are going on, okay. So the first is that any law firm, and I don't care whether they're in the M&A business or the patent and trade business or the litigation business, that has an installation that was built 15 or 20 years ago, by definition, is looking at the way they're utilizing that space very differently. And we talked about this before, law libraries and the way conference rooms are used and the more uniform nature associated with the way offices are built out and the lack of secretarial or administrative report stations[ph] -- that in itself is creating a reduction in the total overhead of occupied space necessary for a law firm. Then, there are, in fact, mergers and acquisitions going on within law firms. I mean, so some of those firms are growing. And then, there are business unit differentiations. So, as an example, firms that have -- maybe had a significant bankruptcy practice, probably are in more of a downsizing mode than those firms that are in the patent and trade and for a biotechnology complex, right? So as I said, we actually have, in New York City, of the 6 firms that we're talking to, 2 of them were actually looking to maintain the same amount of space and that's after rebuilding it. So that would imply some growth for a few of them. And then, we have others depending upon their business practices and how much space they have that are going in other direction. So I think that, any law firm that has an installation that's probably pre-2007 is -- can find efficiency. And we're still -- I refer to the sort of the sixth or seventh inning of the continuum in the law firm world of tenants moving through their footprints and getting to sort of what I would refer to as the right size environment.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. So let me see if I can do this succinctly. With regard to leasing costs associated with major law firms in cities like Washington and New York, where it's most germane for our purposes, a new transaction, okay so it's kind of moving into a new installation. It's probably getting in Washington, D.C., a tenant improvement allowances of up between $100 and $110 a square foot, and in New York City, it's somewhere between $65 and $80 a square foot. In New York, we believe that the cost of a new installation is somewhere in excess of $200 a square foot when you factor in furniture cabling and everything else, and in D.C., it's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $175 a square foot. So that is the sort of costs. These deals are all different in terms of what's actually going on, and traditionally, in New York City, there's free rent associated with the move for the build-out time, so to the extent that a tenant is in place and they're not getting free rent, there's a transition of those economics to either rent or into additional TIs, and similarly in Washington, D.C. And then depending upon the age of the building, there may or may not be base building improvements that are required. So as an example, a building like 599, we are undertaking a lobby renovation because we think it's the right thing to do for the building, independent of the lease expiration. And the building work that's being done on elevators, for example, is sort of outside of a change to the tenant improvement, so that's not part of those costs. And that's obviously amortized over the entire value of the building over a much longer period of time. And then there are cases -- in cases where a building -- in one of the buildings we're looking in Washington, D.C., we may do a major gut rehab and change the entire HVAC system because we think that the building has gone past its useful life and we think it's the right thing to do both for the tenant and for the building, and those costs would all be on our side of the equation. So that's sort of -- that's the first question.
Douglas T. Linde: So with regards to our land inventory, John, I think we are working through 2 things. One is, there are certain sites that we are aggressively developing, a.k.a. things like 888 Boylston Street. And then there are others sites that we are aggressively trying to sell. So as an example, we have a land inventory in Rockville, Maryland associated with our Tower Oaks project, and we are looking to actually have an agreement with a non-office building owner to convert that land and permit that land into a different use, stick-built or multifamily or single-purpose, single-family homes, and we would be selling some of that land in manners like that. Again, we're selling a parcel out at the Broad Run project. We're selling a parcel of land that we have in Waltham because we're getting a terrific price and it's improving the environment around it. So over time, I'd say, we are working through that, and then a lot of that land, we hope to develop ourselves.
Douglas T. Linde: As a public company, we've developed $3 million square-foot towers in Midtown Manhattan, and we think we've been highly successful at creating value to that process. We have a new Regional Manager in the form of John Powers, who has I think both a desire and an expectation to dramatically ramp up our activities in New York City, commensurate with the opportunities that he can find. And there is a significant desire to extend and expand our New York City outreach in terms of development as well as other types of transactions. And we've discussed in the past that we would consider doing residential, not unlike what we're doing in Washington and we're doing in Boston, at this point on a new development perspective as well. And again, as we said earlier in the call, we're opportunity-starved, not capital-starved. And so, we're focused on trying to grow that.
Douglas T. Linde: So, I'll break this into suburban and urban, okay? So from an urban perspective, having the right cachet associated with any of the buildings that we have in the form of what I would refer to as amenity-driven retail is pretty important. But when you're in the city, you also happen to be in a network where there are a lot of alternatives, right? So there are restaurants and dry cleaners and drug stores and hard goods and soft goods sellers of other things that are around that. The Prudential Center in itself is very different because it is effectively a regional mall in an urban location. And it's one of the highest producing productivity malls that we're aware of. I mean, it's over $1,000 a square foot, and it sells per square foot. An it's got both soft goods as well as restaurant and ancillary products and hard goods like -- Microsoft has a store here. Well, as we think about new developments across all of our markets, we are exceedingly aware that the old idea of having a suburban office park with a cafeteria in it is not the ideal mix for a tenant and a group of tenants that want to go into a location like that. So where we can, we're amenitizing and providing as much in the way of additional services to our customers, our tenants as we possibly can. And in the case of, for example, what we're doing in CityPoint, creating restaurants that have a full-service menu, where you can both get breakfast, lunch and dinner and have a cocktail after 6:00 at night or whatever time you want to have your cocktail, is a pretty big draw for those tenants that are looking for an environment where they're trying to recruit and retain the best employees. And relative to going to a suburban office building that it really doesn't have that availability, it is a strong advantage and something we are acutely trying to bring to as many of our properties as we possibly can. And if you think about the cluster that we have, we talked about trying to create these clusters of great place, great space. And so it's a pretty strong focus of what we are trying to do, but we are not trying to become a major retail owner of space in an absentee perspective aside from how we're dealing with our office buildings.
Douglas T. Linde: This is a not terribly well-informed answer, but I'll give you my perspective, and others may have a different one, which is we have not focused on buying individual condominium interest in high-value potential long-term lease rollover Manhattan, Fifth Avenue, Madison Avenue, Broadway, and Times Square retail as a strategy, because we're focusing on trying to put dollars to work in the office residential business in bigger volumes than that. It doesn't mean that we don't think there's an opportunity to create value there. I mean, as you said, we have, in excess of $60 million of revenue, and most of it is NOI. It's just that the 767 Fifth Avenue, that's the General Motors Building, and we have a 100,000 square feet of space there, so we have a pretty significant, relatively speaking, volume of that. And we are working really hard right now figuring out ways to significantly enhance the assets that we have on the 53rd and Lexington and Park corridor, a.k.a. 601, the Citibank -- the former Citibank building, as well as 399, to really create value and significantly increase the revenue potential of the street-level retail in those buildings. So it's not that we're not thinking about it. It's just we've not been focused on going out and buying a sort of one-off and creating a business like that.
Douglas T. Linde: I'd just put it in a slightly less personal context, which is that we believe that there continues to be an opportunity for strong growth in the Reston market. And that's both for the appreciation of the cash flows in the existing assets, we reinvest in those assets and make them better -- a.k.a. from what we're looking at doing, for example, with the retail in Fountain Square. And then we have -- as I suggested, we've got 750,000 square feet of immediate development, and we have another 2 million to 3 million square feet of longer-term development until we look at what we can create and what we can grow, invest in. And I guess, to the extent that at some point, we felt there was no growth left in it, we feel differently. But right now, our crystal ball tells us that this cluster in this particular location has a really strong long-term growth prospect, and that it's the kind of place we should be investing on money and see strong increases in our cash flow over a long time period.
Douglas T. Linde: This is Doug. We don't feel comfortable talking about what the D.C. acquisition is at this point because it's an off-market letter of intent that we're approaching, and obviously it's a transaction that Ray has found that we think there's great long-term value creation opportunities on, but it's not appropriate to talk any more about it at this point.
Douglas T. Linde: So let me just give you some historical context about what we've done in D.C. because I think it's important in answering the question. So the vast majority of our holdings in D.C. were done through development, ground-up development, where we have found either sites or landowners who had sites, and we've done joint ventures with those parties in order to be in the value creation business on a long-term basis. There have been 1 or 2 acquisitions that have been done in what I would refer to as transitional times when the capital markets were struggling and we had the availability of funds to buy buildings at very, very attractive valuations, where we felt we could reposition those assets, or honestly, wait until the leases rolled and just mark-to-market over a period of time. And that continues to be where we are focused in Washington, D.C. Interestingly, we have actually done a significant amount of pruning in D.C. over the time that we've been a public company as well. We sold 1301 New York Avenue last year. We've sold -- we're in joint venture with a significant number of our properties, so we sold the joint venture interest in Metropolitan Square when we did our 901 New York Avenue deal. We sold one of our major assets in the Southwest of the city 10 or 11 years ago.
Douglas T. Linde: The Marketing Center [ph], which is in the suburb. So we continue to be thoughtful about the long-term opportunities to create value in D.C., as well as what the appropriate exit point is for particular assets.
Michael E. LaBelle: Although we may be able to sign those leases, they wouldn't commence the rent until mid to later '15 at best.
Michael E. LaBelle: The other thing to recall, Jeff, is that these developments cycle through. So for example, we have a $3.5 billion pipeline today, but $1.7 billion of it is delivering in the next 6 months or is delivered effectively. And by the way, those are primarily leased, 77% leased to 250. You're basically 100% leased to 680, which is the 2 biggest ones that are delivering. So again, when you think about percentage of overall company size, we don't anticipate it increasing to a level that will be significantly more than what it is now as a percentage of company at any one time.
Michael E. LaBelle: We're not going to give guidance for '15 today. I think the challenge that we have is that I described that 500,000 or 700,000 square feet of space, which is over 100 basis points of our space that is going to be going through transition. So with that kind of occupancy loss, we do continue to have roll-ups, particularly in San Francisco, where we hope we will see positive absorption. In New York City, there is opportunity to grow occupancy. Then we'll have roll-ups in Boston. So if those may offset each other, we'll see, but it's some headwind to having real kind of same-store growth in 2015.
Michael E. LaBelle: There still is a GAAP, so we still do have free rent burning off in some of the same-store from some of the leasing that we've done. I don't want to describe right now what the amount of that GAAP is, but there still is some more in there. I do -- I would expect the same-store portfolio, the noncash rent to be lower in '15 than it was in '14, although we will have noncash rents in our development portfolio that actually will probably be higher than in '14. But if you just look at the same-store, it would be lower.
Raymond A. Ritchey: I would also add, Doug, of the commissions that are forthcoming on these transactions, well, the biggest change is we're seeing the law firms participate greatly in the commission. So the commission could be $25 to $35 a square foot, but the law firms are going to harvest back between $15 and $20 of that, so that helps offset some of the costs associated with the build-out through the law firms' participation of the commissions.
Raymond A. Ritchey: No, I would fully support that position. The vacancy in Crystal City and in Rosslyn is approaching 30%. And the recently announced CEB deal was a little bit of a head fake in that while they're going to take down half of the new JBG building, or about 350,000 square feet, the space they're leaving behind equal to the amount of space they're taking. And thus, JBG is going to add 300,000 square feet to the market. So this will push the availability vacancy rate in excess of 30% in Rosslyn. And then in Crystal City, Pentagon City, you have the TSA out with a major procurement that may continue to show some continued erosion in that market itself. So while the Silver Line, I think, is going to be great long-term, and specifically for us in Reston Town Center, is going to create that development opportunity that Doug mentioned earlier, that $2.5 million to $3 million feet, certainly, in the short term, the Silver Line has done very little to impact or improve the market conditions in the RB corridor or in Tysons Corner.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Well, I think -- this is the Ray. We're considering the overall position of The Avenue book, the office building and the apartment building. And while -- let's put it this way. Our discussion with the current buyer has ceased. And we're evaluating where we go forward either with the buyer that has been considering the properties for the last 2 or 3 months, whether we take it back to the market or we continue to own it for the long haul. I mean, listen, it is a phenomenal asset that continues to perform in the best location in Washington D.C., and this was not a -- this was clearly trying to take advantage of industry environment and the interest from a capital markets for trophy-level properties like The Avenue. And certainly, nothing has happened that has distinguished that or altered our approach towards in our viewpoint of that asset.
Raymond A. Ritchey: I'll answer that one. This is Ray Ritchey. And by the way, I'm in the Boston office today. I mean, it's just magic. It's just wonderful to be up here with these people. I can say that from our perspective in Washington that the Reston asset is a core asset not only today, but the future of that specific region is very much sized to the continuous success of Reston Town Center. And that while we are an oasis in a desert, we are a very large oasis and dominate the market. And we see even in times of softness in the surrounding markets, our ability to continue to outperform, and this is before the metro comes. And any future supply that will have a similar type of amenity base, and thus attracts them to the tenant, we control. So this is the market that we dominate today and we'll dominate in the future. And others in this table may have a different opinion, but they'll get a stronger argument against the Washington contingent, if that's in fact the case.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Also, the past part disposition was a long-term 20-year lease. So real upsize for a long period of time at a very attractive capital environment. So that was more -- but the sale was more opportunistic and not indicative of the company's commitment to Reston.
Raymond A. Ritchey: I mean, we're underway right now, Jordan, as you know, with 601 Mass. That's a site that we controlled 5 years ago with a lease back from NPR, built their new headquarters. The project is 85% lease-free activity, doesn't deliver for another 15 months. the cash on cash return, that's going to be mid 8 unlevered when it's delivered. So while Washington continues to be challenged, at risk of sounding self-serving here, we have continued to outperform the market not only in Reston, but also downtown. And we're planning a really good defense on the 3 major renewals we have. We're very, very optimistic about our own chances of success of keeping all 3. So while Washington has had a little bit of dip in the last 2 or 3 years, and relative to barriers to entry, that pesky height limit keeps those buildings at 11 or 12 stories. So for us to deliver a $1 million square foot tower that you see in the other 3 markets, it takes $4 billion or $5 billion to meet that level of supply. So we're still bullish on D.C. and specifically very bullish on Boston Properties' position in that market.
