Owen Thomas: Sure. So the weighted transaction restructured was exactly $196 million purchase price and to the extent that NOI is less than a particular number over the first I think six years of the property performance we effectively have agreed to make up the difference to the tune of a total of and a maximum amount of $6 million. So effectively for purposes of accounting we are only going to book $190 million sale and we have a $6 million receivable effectively there that will if we actually paid out then it will nothing will change if we don’t pay it out last $6 million of additional gain later over the period.
Owen Thomas: Michael, it’s Owen, I’d say no. I think that I can’t point to a large number of significant trades there, but my expectation is that lower interest rate could make cap rates even more aggressive in our markets. And given that a number of sub and wealth funds are driven by oil revenues that is a very logical question you ask but I haven’t seen any tempering of enthusiasm from there, because of lower oil prices. So we expect that he interest in our core markets by offshore investors will continue into 2015.
Owen Thomas: Can I jump in on the first one since we look at lot of these? We targeted and we’ve done four out of five and we’re still working on the last one.
Owen Thomas: I’ll give you the specifics there was tenant that did at least 10 years ago and their rent was $135 a square foot and that’s above markets for they were in the building at 599 and we could resell them to at market rent.
Owen Thomas: I’m going to let Bob answer the question if the site were permitted today it would be just cycle project, but I think that the matter is that it’s not going to get permitted in short order. So Bob, you want to you sort of give a perspective on the permitting process.
Owen Thomas: But this site is in the heart of where all the activity is right now. I mean, if this site were available today, we probably would have significant demand for the larger tenants because of – proximity to the central subway line and the configuration of the site and the fact that we can do a really large floor plate.
Owen Thomas: I don’t think we have enough demand for the size of floors that this building would allow to have. So we’re probably better off, a more traditional size floor plate.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Well, look I think that given lower interest rates and lower return generally available in the world, I think that’s going to contribute to compression in the yields that investors are looking for in the development projects, and but that impacting land prices directly.
Owen Thomas: Steve, I think it’s a good question and I would say, so far we haven’t seen the impact, not to suggest if this continue that we won’t see some impact. If anything I would say, the strengthening dollar has confirm that U.S. has an interesting areas of investment, because it’s added to the return for the investments that have already been made here by offshore investors. But I don’t see yet as an impact on capital flow.
Owen Thomas: The other aspect too is okay, you’re right, the dollars appreciated, but what’s your expectation for what is going to do from here. Everywhere else around the world as we talked about our going down, yet there is certainly a lot of discussion in the U.S. about when rates are going to be increase. So the positive expectation for the future dollar appreciation is also affect, I’m sure it’s being looked at.
Owen Thomas: I would say Steve that our pension for having strong pre-leasing commitments prior to commencing construction has really been a pretty consistent fanatic way of approaching development. And while it is true that in San Francisco we started 300,000 square foot building on spec, aside from that there really hasn’t been any other development of significance has been done without major pre-leasing effort. We continue to believe that we are pricing our development properties at a level that is a great in value for the tenants that are our customers. And we’re feeling pretty good above where we are from a business cycle perspective in those markets where we’re building new buildings and where those particular locations are. But we clearly – it’s been now six or seven years since we obviously had a “recessions” at least from statistical perspective. So we’re cognizant of what’s going on across the market and we’re also cognizant and as everyone here has described where our overall leasing efforts are on the developments that we’ve commenced. And there is a strong focus on making sure that those things get leased before we put ourselves in a position where we’re adding additional exposure to the portfolio.
Owen Thomas: And this is a first part of your question, but I think I’ve answered this question in past quarters and I don’t the answer is changed, which is it is highly dependent on the building. So as we look at the portfolio, the largest exposure we have from a positive mark-to-market is at 76 [ph] Fifth Avenue, the General Motors building, where we had and we talked about this when we purchased the building back in 2008 where we had close to a 1 million square feet of that, almost 2 million square foot building that was let it at rents in the mid to low 80s. And so, there’s enormous mark-to-market that dwarves everything else. The deals that we’ve been doing at 601 Lexington Avenue under margin have been a positive mark-to-market, not a significant one. As 599 has been a negative mark-to-market on the transaction we’ve done recently with these law firms because most of those yields were done in that 2005, 2006 time frame when market had been exposed to a pretty significant spike. And then everything that we’ve done in, a smaller building 510 Madison, 540 Madison and he pre-builts and the other deals that we’ve done in 250, at this point today, very positive mark-to-market.
Owen Thomas: Not a 20% but – so if we did a deal in 2011 at $95 a square foot at 510 Madison Avenue that business probably $150 a square foot today, that kind of mark-to-market, but we’re not going to see that for while.
Owen Thomas: And they also I think Princeton, you have to differentiate between Carnegie Center and Tower Center which are different assets and as Doug suggested we’re seeing positive leasing momentum at Carnegie Center, we were investing in the buildings. We started to build-to-suite and we have options on additional development land.
Owen Thomas: Alex I don’t think the dollar pound moments are driving any thinking we’re having about investing in London.
Owen Thomas: That’s not what I said. I said we’re not making investment decisions in London or elsewhere based on currency fluctuations.
Owen Thomas: I hope we are leasing people who aren’t listening because we had with them or the lease environment where our projections are at different ends. Our view is that the space is going to get leased really, really quickly; our revenue recognition is going to be a different story. So our view is that we’re going to have really good strong leasing on the space in calendar year 2015, some of those leases may have started for 2016 or later just because of the realities of when these expirations occur in the market place. We just don’t know if we’re going to – if we do the space on our [Indiscernible] leasing will probably be a little bit slower but the revenue recognition will be quicker and if we do a larger block of space that revenue recognition will probably be a little bit slower but the leasing and will be quicker.
Owen Thomas: I think we’ve had this topic of conversation before and I want to make sure I’m consistent with what I have said before. We have a terrific portfolio of retail space with high opportunities for value creation in our existing buildings in Midtown Manhattan namely at General Motors building and at 601 Lexington Avenue and potentially at 399. That’s where the focus of our investment is going to be, so if the question was sort of way to say are we going to be doing what Renado and SL Green and others have done in terms of going after Street we feel Condominium interest in and around the City of New York, I think the answer is at this point we’re busy doing our own portfolio and looking for larger scale opportunities to put development dollars to work.
Owen Thomas: I think that one of the wildcards in that is that always capitalized wages, and given our development pipeline I think we view that our development team and construction and leasing teams are going to be very, very busy doing transactions. So we have estimated that they are going to be and that’s going to benefit that G&A. I think we are comfortable with the range that we have provided certainly, so I would be very surprised if you see something outside of that range. And the other tricky piece of this is that our – if we do a joint venture we don’t necessarily have the ability to recognize that capitalize wage expense. So if some of these properties turn out to be JVs versus wholly owned assets that they can skew the numbers not insignificantly by hundreds of thousands of millions of dollars on any one project in the year.
Owen Thomas: Ian, I would say that we expect to end the year not to similar to where we are today unless a large non-traditional lease expiration driven transaction occurs. So our view is that as we get to the end of 2015 that’s when we are going to be in the heart of the procurement of leasing conversations with existing lease expirations here with tenants, but that doesn’t mean we won’t have another other type of transactions from a user who is looking for big block of space and says, -- there aren’t any big block of space so we are tantalized by the opportunity to be in Salesforce Tower and we engage in a conversation with them early on that. So that could happen, but it’s not really part of our expectations. In the first quarter of 2016 we would hope that we will have some additional leases done.
Owen Thomas: Well I think that as I mentioned on my notes, this is something we are clearly evaluating. I mean one of the things we are watching is what’s going to happen to the 10-year over the next three months, six months, nine months, and we are watching it very closely because we clearly have the opportunity to try to do a financing early. Now there is a significant prepayment penalty associated with repaying this debt early. And if you were to do the analysis some of these debts in 2017 if you did it early your breakeven point is 75 basis points to 125 basis points on the 10-year from now until mid 2017. And if you look at the forward curve it’s telling you it’s going to be 50 or 70 basis points higher than that. So it’s hard to make the decision at this moment in time to go and do that – pay that kind of prepayment penalty, however I think as we need to focus on, think about how we can hedge that risk. So you – thinking about interest rate hedges and as we get closer and our view of interest rates may change you may see us in 2015 take some of that financing off the table and do something early.
Owen Thomas: Well we do a ten year bond today at three and eight three and a quarter something like that. Mortgage is not that dissimilar maybe it’s 3.5%, maybe a little bit higher some of the Life Insurance companies are trying to hang on the floor rates, so some of those floors are in the mid high threes and once you start getting them competing I think that sometimes that goes away and then the CMBS market is also a very effective financing source right now. So on the mortgage side because with 5 million in Lex, which is expiring and one of those explorations in GM building, both of those are probably going to be secured mortgages, ones JVs and one had a lot of mortgage tax to be paid that has time [ph] so we would look at that life company or the CMBS market which again is probably in the mid three somewhere. That’s a significant savings from the weighted average coupon of 5.8% today. The reason I gave 5.8% is we also have a more use on [Indiscernible] that is coming due in 2016 that we should be able to improve the rate on that as well.
Owen Thomas: So the first question is given that how cap rates are coming down, our sovereign wealth funds or offshore buyers looking at non-core markets are taking more risk. My view of that is I don’t think I think the perimeter is probably staying pretty much the same. I think core gateway cities is still a primary focus for offshore investors. That being said I do there is a little bit of a trend for some of these groups to go up the risk curve. So I think you are seeing here particularly in New York there have been a number of Chinese investors who have gotten involved in development projects. So I think if there is a I don’t think it’s a change but I think if there is somewhat of a trend as you might see more offshore buyers moving up the risk spectrum in their real estate investing in core markets. And then on your second question is, does the aggressive pricing in our core markets today lead us to look at transactions or acquisitions outside of the core markets? As we have mentioned in the past there are a small handful of other cities and areas that are interesting to us because they have certainly they have a strong creative tendency which is driving a lot of growth in the office business today and also these market demonstrate value creation for real estate and office in particular over a long period of time. So we are consistently and constantly looking at that type of thing, but the issue is the pricing that we described in our core market isn’t substantially different in these new markets I mean the offshore investors are also very active in a number of these places. So I don’t think we would do that because pricing is really substantially different.
Owen Thomas: Okay. Well that concludes our remarks and Q&A as hopefully we were able to demonstrate, we’ve made terrific progress executing our business, we increased our guidance for the year despite announcing a significant asset sale and we thank you all for your attention.
John Francis Powers: Sure. Yes James, New York is in terrific shape now and on every measure if you look at tourists, if you look at employment; if you look at the number of people living in the city pretty much every variable is positive. As it reflects the leasing market I think the text are commission very well and you are seeing some expansion on the Midtown south into downtown and also into Midtown particularly the western part. And as Doug said, the financial market on the high end is doing very well also. So the availability rate has dropped about a point and were looking forward to drop all this year.
John Francis Powers: Well I think that we are going to continue to see more upward pressure on rent than balance pressure. The availability rate however historically is still fairly high for rate what I would call event spike or event pop, although you have seen that certainly in some sections of the City and Midtown south certainly on the high end market we have a lot of activity at the over $90 and over $100 number that Doug mentioned that carrier has been cracked in a way it hasn’t been since 2007. So I think that there is still going to be upward rent but perhaps not the rent spike until that availability rate drops down certainly to single digits.
John Francis Powers: Well the Hudson Yards has been very attractive to the very large users that needed a block of space because finally you have got some space in Manhattan has been very difficult except of course downtown and most of the large, most of the deals done there have been through large organizations to set a land on very large blocks of space. The balance of Midtown has been very active and continues to be active. We’re seeing very good activity at 250 now, 510 is pretty much done. When we get a floor of the GM that went quickly. So, with regard to the occupants of the vacancy we’ve going to have at 399, we’re pretty optimistic on that, that’s the City space and the Morgan real space that were rolling it’s like 17. We are already working on that and we are already seeing good activity.
John Francis Powers: Well, yes I would say 250 or more, most of the deals they have gone to the west side or gone downtown have been launched into that. I’d say probably the average size is more like 500, but certainly a 250,000 foot user has few choices in Midtown. There are -- in addition to what Doug said, there are a couple of choices on 6th Avenue, one or two and that was another price point, clearly our renewals were done at a higher price point than that also. But those are essentially the choices that rush tenants out Downtown, Westside something on 6th or stay in place.
John Francis Powers: Well there’s always new users but when you just shove them further in the future. So the 19s are pretty much done now and people are looking that 20s and 21s research [ph] prices. So those tenants are starting to get in the market interviewing brokers. 
Michael LaBelle: So our G&A for 2014 was about $98 million, $99 million and there was still some costs in there from the transition of the CO that we had. So those costs are basically out of 2015. So 2015 now excludes those costs and has a kind of a general increase that we typically have for our competition.
Michael LaBelle: So we basically did, we finalized all of our competition process over the last two weeks and we have put in what we actually have for raises and anticipated bonus accrual for 2015 in the numbers now.
Michael LaBelle: I just want to make one more comment on New York City because I mean I did someone else that would put out a – what’s going on with City. And I want to relate it to what we did, so the reality of the situation in New York is that for large tenant demand there are three primary choices. There’s the renewal in place, there is the new construction on the far west side those have Hudson Yards or a Brookfield's project or there is the new construction and the huge availabilities downtown. The pricing opportunities on those two new constructions of areas are subsidized in some way shape or form how do you want to characterize it. And so, and recognizing that a large tenant with a 2017 to 2020 lease expiration in Manhattan have reason to look at those types of alternative, we made a decision that we were better off trying to cut those deals early at rents that we considered to be market rents for our space when we did that, which basically put our portfolio in the situation that we are now in which is the bulk of the availability that we have is in very small chunks of space in the higher portions of our buildings where we have the ability to achieve more premium rents than we might have had we allowed these various tenants to sign lease expirations that were going to bring them out of those buildings two or three or four years from now where we really didn’t know when we were going to get the space back, what their market conditions might be. So, that those big blocks of space still remain the city and they have an impact on large tenant leasing, but they don’t have that same impact on the single floor at a General Motors building or the single floor at a 510 Madison Avenue or a single floor at 399 or a single floor at 601. So we feel really good about how we have strategically positioned our portfolio in the context of what will likely happen in Midtown Manhattan and downtown Manhattan over the next three or four years.
Michael LaBelle: Just add to that Brad. On the projects that we have underway which is $2.1 billion that I indicated and Owen indicated had a return of over 7%. The vast majority of the cost associated with those prices have been bought, because those projects are underway. We have GMPs on contracts in place for those projects. So we’re protected on those. The place where cost increases would have more of impact is the future stuff that Owen had mentioned and Doug had mentioned where we’re building that into our budget based upon the timing of when we think those projects are going to happen.
Michael LaBelle: Yes, just before and there is more [indiscernible] and Owen probably should talk about it, which is, I mean interest in our component and where people’s returns expectations are also sort of a part of this whole process.
Michael LaBelle: I think we are seeing it. If you look at land price escalation that’s occurred in San Francisco, I mean, some of it is clearly due to above inflation levels of rent increases that’s driving some of it, but I think some of it definitely driving, is driven by returns. As we underwrite some of the sites that have been – that have sold they certainly are not being sold at least on our underwriting at 7% yield.
Michael LaBelle: So I would expect that our FFO would improve as the years goes on. As I mentioned in the core portfolio, we expect our occupancy to be at low point in the first quarter and will improve going forward. So I would expect to improve modestly throughout the year. And on the development side, you’re also talking about in the first quarter a contribution of that $53 million to $63 million are being similar in the $12 million to $18 million. And incrementally growing every quarter as we continue to lease up some of the projects like 250 where we’re doing leases on prebuilt that are coming in. The Avant every quarter we’re seeing probably 20 additional units being leased by the end of the first quarter that should be fully stabilized. And then at 535 Mission, we’re going to have lease up. And then in the fourth quarter, we’ve 601 Mass coming on line. So obviously that has an impact on our interest expense, because the capitalize interest for that goes off. But out of the quarter it’s going to paying on their 380,000 square foot lease starting in the fourth quarter. So you’ll see that come into development site.
Michael LaBelle: And just the other component of the capital flow as well as that – and it shouldn’t be discounted. It seems like the Canadians have continue to ramp up their interest in U.S. real estate. So we’ve seen CPP and Oxford and now SPQU all make pretty significant investments in fourth quarter or commitments in the fourth quarter to purchase high quality, well located Manhattan Inn and other CBD market real estate. And so the flow of funds from either Asia or Europe or the Middle East or Canada or the domestic pension fund market which is also has found its desire to expand its allocate, and the real estate doesn’t deal like it is flow down whether oil prices were $80 or $90 or $45 or $50 and when the Euro is was at $1.30 or $1.12.
Michael LaBelle: And I would add to that Steve if you – it’s certainly not going to always be the case and we do have landholdings in the company. But lot of what we’ve been doing lately our joint ventures with landholders, the transaction that we did talked about in San Francisco involves an option to purchase lands, that we’re also not employing at least in the some of deals, capital to purchase lands, at least upfront.
Michael LaBelle: I think we have – we did bring it down a little bit. We did say, 91% and 92% last quarter. We still hope to increase our occupancy getting to the 93%, I think will be pretty thought to be honest with you based upon where we’re think we’re going to be in the first quarter, and the fact there are lot of space that we’re getting back in Boston which is again the majority of this, its highly marketable but it’s going to take a little bit of a time to lease and its going to take – somebody is going to have to build that space. So, we do not anticipate that, that space is going to be occupied in 2015, it’s going to be 2016 and later. So I would agree that we brought it down a little bit and we think it’s going to average around 91%. It should end above 91%.
Michael LaBelle: And as the cash flow comes in on your developments, the $2.1 billion that is going to be delivering between 2015 and 2018 I mean that goes right into our taxable income as those cash flows come in, so that will be its nature increase our taxable income and require an increase in our dividend overtime. I mean such if during that period of time we think that sales are the right strategy, then we might have specials.
Douglas Linde: And in our other markets we had one on Boston which we completed and we have had three in Washington, D.C, one of them is done which I described one of them. We are in negotiation to complete and third one we made the decisions that rental desire to that kind we’re not comparable with where we thought the space would be allowed to be let by other tenant and so we chose to move on.
Douglas Linde: Okay. Let me answer the question in the following way. As much deflation as there is in the overall economy right now in terms of impacts of oil prices and the impact of other commodities, it’s not being reflected in reductions in construction costs in our markets. And that’s largely due to two things. The first is that the overall amount of activity in our markets on a relative basis is probably higher today that’s it’s been at any time over the past five or six years, so there is more institutional, residential, as well as commercial development going on in New York City, in Washington, D.C, in Boston and in San Francisco than there has been in quite some time. The other thing that has occurred is that during the downturn there were a number of contractors who basically gave up and either went out of business because they decided it wasn’t profitable, or they were forced out of business, because they couldn’t make ends meet. So there are number of quality contractors that are around to do the kind of work that we need to have done has been reduced. And so there has been somewhere in the neighborhood of 3.5% to 4.5% annualized increases in construction budgeting over the past year or so. And that is what we are using as we plan our projects on a going forward and that’s all baked into our numbers. And we really don’t expect to see much in the way of a change in that. In fact in some of the cities, some of the larger projects like the potential casino that’s going to be built in Everett [ph] and the current casino that’s being constructed at National Harbor are major users of both materials and labor and given that the revenue models of those types of projects are such that time is particularly important. They are prepared pay whatever takes to get resources and that impacts the overall availability from a construction perspective in those markets as well. So we’re seeing it and we don’t expect for it to abate further.
Douglas Linde: Yes. So the categories for the sales are as you suggest non-core, there are also assets where we think it’s an interesting price. The Avant is a new asset. It’s in a great location. It is residential but I wouldn’t necessarily say we considered non-core for that reason. The issue is we got or the attractiveness to shareholders as we received the 4.1% cap rate on a Class A asset that’s on a 54 year remaining ground lease and we thought that was attractive.
Douglas Linde: And I also just before you go on – I just say this, the following about our residential business. So we are a developer. We are not an owner manager in the residential world. We don’t have the portfolio size to be great at operating residential. We don’t have the portfolio size to be creating a business that strategic from the perspective of, well, there’s a need to have a certain massive units to sort of maintain an operating platform. So we look at the residential business as a way to utilize our development prowess to create a lot of value. In infill locations, in our market. And so to the extent that we don’t deemed there to be strong overall growth in those assets, overall foreseeable point in the future and someone, as Owen said, offers us a terrific price, we’re going to sell those buildings. So it’s very different than the way we think about our Midtown Manhattan office or our Back Bay officer portfolio or Reston, Virginia office portfolio which have a lot of continuity and operating leverage about them that creates them to be “strategic” as oppose “non-core”.
Douglas Linde: Princeton is a terrific portfolio that is well run now by our New York City region. It’s no longer a region in itself which made a lot of sense and created some synergies from an operating expense perspective which has you’re seeing the flowing through our G&A to some degrees. And as long as we continue to believe that this Princeton market will continue to expand from a user perspective and we are seeing marginal to positive rental rate growth and we still have the ability to develop buildings which allow us to create assets that are yielding significantly higher than what we could sell assets for to some third-party, we’re continue to look at as a important portion of the company’s portfolio.
Douglas Linde: We’re not going to comment on any particular conversation with any particular tenant, it’s not appropriate.
Douglas Linde: So Alex, unfortunately, we’re not – like I said, we’re not in a position of talking about what we’re doing in the outer boroughs of New York, so we can’t comment on what other peoples have written. But we hope that we’ll be able to announce something sooner rather than later. We did a release. We were in straight lease with work in San Francisco at [indiscernible] condition. And at this point that’s the only transaction that we currently have in our portfolio with that organization.
Douglas Linde: It’s some of the best place in Boston we are as we know we like the sort of commonly say baking the cake before we try and serve it at the base of the building with our new rebranding and our new identification of 120 Clarendon Street sort of that new address for those larger floors at the base of the building and we continue to sent proposals on that base at a pretty significant pace. I think the space at the top of the building, right now it’s a little bit challenging to have conservations because this space is currently occupied by tenant that’s going to moving to the low rise, and when you tour the space its fully occupied with an installation that was build 10 years. It’s not what somebody sort of things about when they want to be in the kind of space that the Hancock will offer you. And so it’s a little bit of a challenge but we also try and bring people to the floor to bottom below them which are just fantastic. But back to the market for that space will be slower than we think the market will be for the space at the base of the buildings that have an attractive value that the place has with the market.
Douglas Linde: Yes we’re really – I mean basically we don’t like to get in front of the jurisdictions that we’re dealing with, so the current Central [Indiscernible] plan allows for around 750,000 square feet of space, residential office and retail, where at this point is unclear what the right plan should be for the property vis-à-vis is what we think where the market wants the space to be designed and what the city would like to see happen there. And those two conversations that are going to take place over the next “months and years”. Big picture, construction cost for new development in San Francisco are probably including land the whole on the armadillo are well in excess of $800 a square foot.
Douglas Linde: $0.72 a share of earnings on your taxable income doesn’t go up as large as much as it might. So it gives push into a return of capital based upon the gains on sale, which I guess are we consider to be a very good thing. So it’s retarded the overall growth in our taxable income and to the extent that that is no longer part of our operating strategy from a capital recycling perspective the dividend is going to go up. Overtime if you look back, Mike what is it ten years? The average dividend yield for the company has been I think over 4%. So relative to where other dividends are and certainly in our space we think we have a pretty healthy dividend, it just comes in a little bit of bulkier manner as opposed to a constant recurring dividend yield that’s been paid out on a quarterly basis.
Douglas Linde: Yes and I think we’ve had special dividends in like five of the last ten years. So if you look at that together with the regular dividend than our dividend yield is significantly higher than otherwise.
Douglas Linde: If we don’t sell you will have a higher dividend because the earnings will be significantly higher, but if we continue to sell you will continue to get dividend in the form of a return of capital or gain on sell.
