Owen Thomas: So the – on the stabilization, we have gotten, I guess, information from Salesforce on their planned phasing in. So as the building gets closer to completion, it’s going to complete at the end of this year. Salesforce has basically six phases of work that they are putting into place and we can start revenue recognition on the space when they complete their TIs. So basically, they’re going to start moving into the building at the beginning of 2018 and over six quarters, they’re going to phase in to these six phases. So the last quarter of their move-in is going to be at the beginning of the third quarter of 2019. I would say that they are paying us cash rent before they’re actually physically occupying the space because the way the lease works, there are set dates in the lease for each phase when they have to start paying cash rent. So we’re actually going to be putting a bunch of deferred revenue up on our balance sheet as they pay cash rent and before they occupy, because we can’t recognize the revenue. And then when they occupy each phase, we will recognize all that deferred revenue over the term of the lease. So our cash will be coming in earlier. It’s just we won’t be able to recognize it as revenue.
Owen Thomas: So, Jed, it’s hard – it’s Owen, it’s hard to give you an exact number on that, it depends on a lot of factors. What’s the size of the building, what’s – how active is the current market, what is the kind of leasing dialogues that we’ve had, but as an example several years ago, we launched 535 Mission in San Francisco on a spec basis, we probably wouldn’t do something like that today. And also as an example, most of the transactions that you’re seeing us do today, they’re substantially, if not fully pre-let, so we’ve announced recently Akamai’s headquarters, fully pre-let, Marriott’s headquarters, fully pre-let. We talked about the 300,000-foot anchor commitment were trying to secure at 2100 Pennsylvania. So it’s hard to give you an exact number. It depends on a lot of factors but we want significant pre-letting in our new developments.
Owen Thomas: So let me start, and I’ll let John Powers chime in. So Estee Lauder has a lease through at the beginning – middle of 2020, and that lease is remaining in place. And they signed an extension on 220,000 square feet and we will begin to provide them with some swing space sometime towards the end of – or middle to end of 2018. So they can start their work. And I’ll let John keep going from there.
Owen Thomas: You should think about it as follows. When we bought the building back in 2008, there were two leases that were very, very, very billable market, and one of them was Wild [indiscernible] the other one was Aramis, Estee Lauder. We were able to keep both of those tenants in the building and we will be able to offer those tenants really attractive lease rates. That were probably lower than what we would charge a tenant that was taking 15,000 square feet or 20,000 square feet or 30,000 square feet in the building. And so it was a win-win situation for both parties.
Owen Thomas: And again, just – this is sort of my market commentary. There are lots of tenants, who are prepared to pay in excess of $100 a square foot to be in, as I described, the 19 buildings that may deal this quarter. The challenge in the market in Manhattan is that, the tenants that’s paying well in excess of $100 a square foot is a smaller tenant. And so, it’s a question just of the size of that pool relative to the amount of square footage that is coming onto the market over time. And I think that is where the rubber is going to meet the road. They will continue to be, and we believe lots of single floor and two-floor deals, and 30,000 or 40,000 or 50,000 or maybe even some 80,000 or 90,000 square foot deals. It’s hard to imagine there being hundreds of thousands of square feet of leases from single tenants in the marketplace that well in excess of $100 a square foot in the current environment. Doesn’t mean it won’t happen in three or four years, but in the current environment, it’s not what we’re seeing.
Owen Thomas: We have been – as we’ve mentioned in prior calls, growing LA is the priority for us. We’ve had initial success with Colorado Center and we want to build on our toehold there. We have been looking and studying a number of new investments, some of them have been offered by intermediaries, more broadly, and some of them are more private discussions, some of them are acquisitions, some are development and redevelopment. We’re continuing to track – I’d say probably a little under half a dozen things at this point. The perimeter is more or less consistent with what we’ve been talking about, which is more West LA, Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, Hollywood, El Segundo, those kinds of areas as opposed to downtown. And – but again, as we did with Colorado Center, we’re not trying to grow just for growth’s sake. We want to, in addition to growing, we want to make money for shareholders in the process and we feel, we did that on Colorado Center and that’s our bar for new investments.
Owen Thomas: So, Jamie, this is a hard thing to exactly quantify. A lot of this is anecdotal and what we see and who’s doing which deals where and what we hear about. But, couple of things: one, as I mentioned, I do think the bid for the kinds of assets that we own remains strong. And I gave bunch of examples of things trading this quarter in the low 4s cap rate. And a lot of them traded to non-U.S. investors. When I talked about rotation, I do think there have been a few adjustments over the last quarter. Again, this isn’t – a switch doesn’t flip. These happen slowly over time. We’re seeing, for example, more Korean investors today, I would say, than we saw a year ago. I would say, we’re seeing more Japanese investors in the market today, than we saw, say, versus a year ago. So – and then some of those investors that we saw a year ago, again this isn’t always the truth – or always the case, but for example, investors from Canada maybe are slightly less active, or the Middle East. Again, there are examples of transactions to being completed by all these groups. But that’s just our feel in terms of the tenor of the market. In terms of Chinese investors, look, I am aware as you are of probably specific examples of where capital controls are put in place and specific investors have been taken out of the market. But I do think there are lots of examples where Chinese corporations as well as sovereign funds have made major investments. These are in the U.S. or globally over the last quarter. So I don’t think there is a general wall that’s been built up around China that has cut off outbound capital. And I think, if anything, the Chinese capital has been quite robust over the last quarter.
Owen Thomas: I can’t tell you that I think there’s been a change in regulation in China that’s cut off capital flows. I could – I know of – or I’m aware – I think we’re aware of some specific examples of investors that have suddenly gone out of the market. But there are definitely other Chinese investors that are actively pursuing transactions, not only in the U.S. but all over the world. And that capital remains flowing.
Owen Thomas: So Alex, a couple of things I want to mention. So on that, there is nothing – there should be, I wouldn’t say there’s anything identifiable that we’re actively working on, but there are multiple examples in our overall corporate portfolio where we’re working with transportation authorities on building great buildings. A great example is the Back Bay development where we’re working with MassDOT and don’t forget the origins of the Salesforce Tower where the Transbay authority that is building a major transit hub in San Francisco. So this theme of public-private partnership is very prevalent in our portfolio, and I would assume it would continue. I think the other thing I just want to touch on, on your question about Midtown versus Hudson Yards and what’s the tenant reaction that we’ve had, certainly, I agree completely with John on a lot of this is the tenant’s preference on where they want to be. I think the other things that I would mention that are important that we hear is transportation infrastructure. When you think about the Grand Central Terminal, all the subway lines, the transportation infrastructure that exists in Midtown is, again, very, very competitive. And also, I think the other thing that’s happening, and obviously, we’re contributing to this, walk around Midtown. Look at the amount of scaffolding and the work that’s going on and the – and a lot of this work is improving the infrastructure that’s there. And we’re doing it with our own amenities and our own buildings, and I think you’re seeing other landlords all over the district doing this.
Owen Thomas: Well, let me pick that up. So we look obviously at the leasing statistics very carefully, and we obviously are aware of the supply that’s coming out, and we try to think through the timing for the new supply and what the market will look like at that time. And as you know, we’ve taken various actions in our portfolio, actually, several years ago in anticipation of the current supply that’s coming into the market. So I think that our view is if absorption – net absorption continues at what it’s been over the last few years that we think that – of this new construction in New York generally can be absorbed. I mean, you’re going to have tenant movements in new districts, and there may be some pockets of strength and weakness, but in general, we think the market can absorb it. The issue is will that net absorption continue, and that is more economically driven. I think New York is a vibrant and a competitively successful city and will continue to be that way, but if we have some kind of downturn in the overall economy and the net absorption goes away, that will be more harmful to the market, I think, particularly given this new supply that’s coming on.
Owen Thomas: So we – you have to break Princeton into two pieces, first of all. You have Carnegie Center and Tower Center. So you look at – all our statistics are on a Princeton basis, but those two assets are very different.
Owen Thomas: Tower Center is more challenged. We’ve had more difficulty in leasing it, and I would describe it as non-core. If you look at Carnegie, different story. It’s perennially in the high 80s, low 90s. In terms of occupancy, we have a strong tenant base there, a lot of international pharma companies. We’ve made significant investments at Carnegie, improving our amenities and improving the park overall. And so this – when this property became available, there’s only three or four assets within the park that we don’t own, and we thought this was a very logical acquisition. It’s small. Doug talked about the cap rate earlier. We thought it was attractive. And of course, we can very efficiently manage it and, of course, spread all our spend on the amenities even further into that building. So we’re committed to Carnegie Center.
Owen Thomas: That concludes all of our questions. Thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to seeing everyone at our Investor Conference in early October. Thank you.
Doug Linde: I’ll give you a real life example. So the tenant that Owen and I described is looking at Reservoir Place North at 72,000 square feet. They asked us for proposal for the next building at City Place and we said we weren’t going to give them a proposal because 73,000 square feet or 80,000 square feet or a 200,000 square-feet building was not enough for us to deem it appropriate to start that building.
Doug Linde: That’s correct. We’ve given them a lot of flexibility, because they are repositioning their whole portfolio and they have a number of different brands and there’s a lot of completed decisions that they have to make. So we decided to go in early, get this deal done and allow them the flexibility. So the commitment they’ve made is the minimum commitment. That maybe the final commitment, but as I said, things will change over the next two years.
Doug Linde: Honestly, Manny, the only thing that’s changed is the developments have kind of gone up slightly I think it was 241 and not 242 or 243. So it’s gone up a little bit, because we’re, honestly, we’re able to achieve more income from Salesforce Tower than we originally thought we would. But, again, we were very circumspect about the specific timing of our development in terms of when it was going to be put in services and it’s the first question this morning addressed that the timing of the income from the largest tenant at Salesforce Tower is just – it’s not in our discretion. We know when the cash is coming in, but we don’t know when the revenue recognitions are going to occur.
Doug Linde: I’ll make one comment, and then I’ll let John respond. So our Street retail is a pretty de minimis amount of square footage, although it has a lot of value. And we have a couple of spaces on Madison Avenue, and we’re in reasonable constructive conversations with a few tenants there. And then the bulk of our retail in Manhattan is about food and "lifestyle choices" AKA, what we’re doing at 601 Lexington Avenue with our repositioning of the retail there, and I’ll let John describe what’s going on there.
Doug Linde: Well, we mentioned in our remarks that the new developments that we are adding, we believe on pro forma basis, are going to yield for the company roughly a 7% cash yield. And that has more or less been our target for commercial development. We’ve been through that from time to time, if we have material preleasing, and frankly, we’ve achieved better than that. So I think the yields have stayed relatively constant. I think that’s logical given where interest rates have stayed. I think of the development, the risk bar has really gone up more on the preleasing – with our preleasing requirement, which we talked about further. And then on residential, the yields are probably 100 basis points lower in general, when we look at new development.
Doug Linde: Let me try and describe the answer to your question in a couple of ways. So number one, we are affirmatively believers that co-working and the aggregation of small tenant users is a good thing for the market, and it’s a good thing for our properties. And so we have been very accommodative and outward in terms of being receptive to those types of users. There are a whole host of these organizations now. Some of them will not be successful and some of them will be very successful. Obviously, we have a position with WeWork, from a tenant perspective, we don’t, we have no investment and we work as an equity owner and we’ve had that question before. And we have been pretty dogmatic about modest amounts of tenant improvement exposure there and high-quality secure deposits in the form of LCs and guarantees of their mothership in various cases. So we are – obviously, there are limited they’re not full guarantees. So we are thoughtful about our exposure and there’s clearly a limit in terms of how much we would have, no different than I think, there’s a limit and how much we would have lot of different types of tenants, particularly ones that are in their more nascent origination as opposed to a company that’s been around for 15 or 20 years. And so we’re just going to – we’re going to be thoughtful about it.
Doug Linde: I mean, I’m going to speak off the top of my head because I don’t remember. I want to say that the building was like 80-somewhat-percent leased, and it was in the mid-7s.
Doug Linde: Great. HBO has a lease expiration in the beginning of 2019. We are not aware that they have made any conclusive plans to leave. There have been a lot of articles that have been written about their interest in going to a new development that is yet to start. I’m not a soothsayer, but I think it’s going to be awful hard for a new building to be built that hasn’t started yet for them to be in it by that time in 2019. So I wouldn’t put a lot of confidence in everything you read and the timing of everything you read.
Doug Linde: And just one last comment on that, just – they are the tenant probably with the least mark-to-market – the lowest rent and the highest mark-to-market that we have in the Center.
Doug Linde: So Erin, I don’t want to be [indiscernible] or snarky about this. I don’t feel like – it’s – we’re not in a position to describe what is happening with a specific tenant. The rent will be going up from where it is today, but after that, it will bleed through and you’ll see it in our portfolio statistics and you’ll see it in our same-store, but we’re not going to break out what a specific tenant is paying.
Doug Linde: I can tell you – I don’t have a list in front of me as we speak, but the majority of the leasing that’s been done this quarter at the 200 Clarendon Street Building has a dramatic uptick in rents. We were – we took space back at somewhere between $35 and $45 a square foot, and we’re getting rents between $55 and $80 a square foot. So that piece is dramatic. The – all the Embarcadero Center leasing is going to be consistent with the leasing that we’ve been doing over the past few quarters where we are generally getting somewhere between a 40% and a 50% gross markup in our leases on a fixed rate basis. And I think I said this before, in the leases that we are doing at 601 and at 399, it’s a pretty flat running-in-place kind of perspective. So as you look forward, we basically said we need to work really hard, and John and his team are working really hard to put us in a position where we currently are. We’ve got close to 500,000 [indiscernible] we’ve got an average rent there that’s just over $105 a square foot. And that’s where we intend to probably achieve on a lease-to-lease basis when that leasing is done. So we have a modest uptick there, but that’s where the bulk of that $50-plus million is going to come from.
Doug Linde: Yes. So I think it’s a really good question. I’m sorry, you had to wait this long for it. It’s very important to us. We – and I’m – we’re going to spend a lot of time talking about this when we all get together in October. We have effectively repositioned the portfolio for a long, long time. You don’t do things like what we’re doing at 399 Park Avenue or the plaza of the General Motors Building or the flagship at the Prudential Center or the re-skinning of a suburban office building that was built in the 1980s. You don’t do that every 10 or 15 or 20 years. You do it every 30 or 40 years. And we happen to be in a position where we decided that this was the right time to do all of these things because of the lease expirations. Buildings like the 120,000 square feet that potentially is expiring at Colorado Center are basic tenant improvements jobs, not repositioning jobs. We are doing the amenitization and the repositioning of that site outside of worrying about the disruption of tenant spaces because it’s not going to impact them. It’s only going to impact the amenity spaces. So we feel really good about where we have positioned the portfolio for a long, long time. We are going to have lease expirations, and some of them will be a little bit lumpy. When I look forward to sort of 2019, as an example, there are a couple of big ones in Washington, DC, but the GSA buildings, there – these are hardened buildings with unusual tenants in them. We fully expect the tenants to re-lease those buildings. There’s going to be virtually no capital put into them. Things like that are going to happen in the portfolio all the time. But in terms of taking a building out of service and doing something major to it that impacts our ability to lease the space, we basically push through it all.
Doug Linde: Yes. I would say that the incremental investment was an opportunistic investment. You have a willing seller in Mack Cali who – this is our only asset in this marketplace. They have one building across the street left. And the – we just put major money into re-amenitizing our Carnegie Center assets, and we were – because we didn’t feel it was appropriate, we were not – we were prohibiting the tenants of other landlords from using the opportunity set and the amenity spaces that we’ve created. And so we had the ability to opportunistically acquire this asset, introduce the amenity program that we have for all the other Carnegie Centers to this building and hopefully be in a position where we can, because we’re doing that, increase the rental rates in the building in a modest to meaningful way over time as well as maintain higher leasing level. And so we looked at it really on a one-off basis and said, look, it will be accretive to our Carnegie investment over time.
Doug Linde: That is an impossible question to answer, Jed. And it’s funny because we’ve talked about it ourselves, which is one of the reasons the concessions are up is because of the costs. So if you’re in San Francisco and Article 24 has been enacted and it’s costing you $35 a square foot more to build out your space, that’s impacting the overall economics of the decision to move and to touch that space. And so it’s impacting the market because it’s just the reality of what you have to deal with. So it’s hard to divorce the two things. In addition, rents have not gone down, and there is more high-end space on the market in places like Midtown Manhattan. And when someone’s paying $125 a square foot, the tenant improvement allowance is $75 a square foot that was sort of market in 2011, is probably not an appropriate number because the rents were a lot lower in 2011. And so there’s a mismatch of concepts that are going on, so it’s impossible to sort of describe what percentage of those numbers are attributable to the inventory issues in the market. John, I don’t know if you have another thought.
John Powers: Well, I don’t have too much to add. They may in fact increase their square footage over the next period of time. We don’t really know that. They have flexibility take significantly more space.
John Powers: Well, we have some good prospects. We’re trading papers. So we’re optimistic we could have it done by recent, but maybe it will drift into the first quarter. These are big leases and after you have a term sheet. It’s typically 90 days to get it signed. So we do have good interest. On the three prospects that Doug mentioned, the 399, they’re all on different time frames. So one of them probably would certainly be done by the end of the year, the others probably would be in the first quarter.
John Powers: Sure. I think we have some good activity at the GM Building. It’s funding in the market is, as Doug said, pretty flat in terms of the pricing today and it’s more pressure on the TI dollars, but there’s a pretty good activity. So we have a floor and a part of the floor available. So we have two or three tenants looking at that at GM. We had two or three tenants looking at the four floors, or more than four floors in the Tower at 399.
John Powers: Yes. You noticed, I think it was last quarter, we took some termination income at GM. And we did that to provide swing space for Estee Lauder to swing through the building. They need at least two floors to rebuild as they go through their space.
John Powers: So just understand this process will take them about three years to do and they’ll be making decisions on which brands to keep there, and which ones to move. So we won’t know the answer to exactly how much of space they take for probably another year or two.
John Powers: Well, we’re repositioning the base of 601. As you know, putting in a food hall there and we’re out to lease with a, let’s say, a master retailer that would run the whole food hall for us. I guess, the retail in Manhattan, as Doug said, we don’t have a big exposure. Clearly, the market is soft in many places.
John Powers: Sure. Look, every tenant is different, and every tenant has its own buyer characteristics. We’re dealing with tenants now that have no interest in going to the West Side at all. We have other tenants in our portfolio that went to the West Side. So the Midtown core is still where most tenants want to be. It’s – many of the tenants that went to the West Side couldn’t find space in the core because of the size of their requirement. So the core of Midtown is very, very stable. And furthermore, the West Side is almost completely leased up now.
John Powers: So those are not opportunities. When a tenant goes into market, like for example, BlackRock went into market, where are their opportunities? They only had two opportunities in Manhattan. There was no space that size on the East side at all. So they had opportunities to stay in their location. They were split. They wanted to consolidate. They could have gone downtown or they could have the building constructed in the West Side, and that’s what they chose to do.
John Powers: Well, this deal is up to seven on the West and up to the 12 out of 16 floors on the East. You are right, we’re about one year away from occupancy there. We have no specific deals on, but we’ve covered the market pretty well. We’re bringing a bunch of brokers out there next week. And I think this is a product that will lease once people see it. We have no land costs, so we’re at an advantageous position.
John Powers: Well, there are a lot of issues. It’s in Brooklyn, so that’s a different market. There is a transportation issue. We do have the ferry now, and that’s going to be a big plus.
John Powers: Yes. Well, Midtown East rezoning, it’s been hung up for a while. I don’t think it’s going to have a dramatic impact on the market in the short run. There aren’t any a lot of properties that you can tear down and rebuild with an increased FAR. And a lot of Midtown is only built according to the existing code. And we’re moving forward on the MTA site slowly, and hopefully, we’ll have that tapered sometime early next year.
John Powers: It would be quite a ways from now. We’d have to go through Europe, so you’re talking about several years.
John Powers: No. I think Doug mentioned it earlier. It’s costing more for tenants to move. That’s the key thing. So the TI packages are up, but the price for the tenant is not down. They’re not getting more because of the increase in construction costs.
