Owen Thomas: Yes, I – good morning, Alex. Look, I think that we’ve done actually two important transactions with Blackstone this year. We purchased the half interest in Colorado Center from them and we are doing this recapitalization at Metropolitan Square. I don’t think I would read anything more into it than just that. Clearly, we have a good relationship and a tremendous amount of respect for Blackstone and we are very open and welcome to doing new business together. But I think it will be very situation
Owen Thomas: Yes. So the strategy, as you know, and as we’ve been articulating is the investment in Colorado Center isn’t one-off. I mean, we clearly feel that we are going to make a profitable investment in Colorado Center, which is great and was certainly one of the objectives, and the other objective was to get us into the LA market, which we think will be an attractive and important market for the company over the long term. But we don’t intend to go out and make new investments just to grow in LA. Each investment, as Colorado Center did has to stand on its own, and in our opinion create attractive returns for shareholders. And so what I think and if you also look at the overall company, we entered the San Francisco market in the late 1990s and it still is the smallest region of all – of the four primary markets of the company; here we are nearly 20 years later. So our intent is to grow. We view the investment in LA as strategic, but we are going to wait for opportunities that, again, we think make sense and cancel from a return perspective. And so where we are in the market today, I don’t think you should expect us to go out and purchase stabilized assets in a 4% kind of cap rate environment. Those are not the kinds of things that we are going to be doing. We are going to be looking at new developments. We are going to be looking at assets that need some repositioning or lease-up. Our focus will be on a handful of markets in West LA, and I don’t think you should put a confined timeframe on it like 6 months or 12 months, we are going to be careful and patient and wait for the right opportunity.
Owen Thomas: I think both have strong appetites. I think the CMBS market has come back very strong in the summertime after kind of a weak volatile first quarter and beginning of the second quarter and life companies were actually holding back a little bit, because they wanted to have a more even outflow. So they kind of held back in the first-half and now CMBS is more competitive than they are. You’ve got swap rates that are below Treasury rates and you’ve got – the – for leverage rates that are 50% to 60%, the spreads are very, very tight on CMBS, so they’re competitive. So I think now the life companies are trying to become more competitive and put out capital. They have more to put out by the end of the year. So I think it’s pretty competitive. I think that when we look at 767 5th Avenue, that’s a big loan. That is going to be more aligned with the CMBS market, I would imagine, because you would have to put together many other life companies to put that together given its size and the fact that most life companies are maxing out at a couple hundred million to maybe $400 million at most, or we could do a large kind of bank loan transaction, which is actually what we have today when we originally did the deal.
Owen Thomas: I think, Jed, for 2017, we haven’t finalized our disposition plan yet. But our expectation is that we will continue to do what we’ve been doing for the last couple of years and that is selling non-core assets. So I would expect the volume of dispositions to be more in line with what we were doing in 2016 as opposed to a couple years ago.
Owen Thomas: And then there’s a suburban office building in Boston that we actually are under – about to undergo a renovation on, but we actually got a – we have a signed lease for that building and that tenant would like to be, sorry, not a signed lease, a signed letter of intent and that tenant would like to be in that space in the third quarter of 2017, so that one is going to happen really fast. Our CBD portfolio by and large in New York City and in Boston and in Washington D.C. aside from that one building I just described have really gone through a pretty significant restoration and refurbishment. And then we are going to be doing some work at Embarcadero Center probably over the next two or three years to really upgrade and improve the experiences there. But not in anticipation of any lease expirations just in the form of making sure we are maintaining our competitiveness with the marketplace.
Owen Thomas: We are looking at opportunities in the District, in Northern Virginia and in suburban Maryland. And certainly as we have described, pre-leasing is critical for us to launch projects and even more critical if we are going to do it in the suburbs. If we have a development that is fully or materially pre-leased at an attractive yield, it’s something we are certainly going to launch.
Owen Thomas: John, well, we have taken advantage of the sale market this cycle. We did several billion dollars worth of asset sales and joint ventures over the last several years and made significant special dividends to shareholders. We also – a lot of those decisions also were driven by the need we had for capital to fund our development pipeline, in which we’ve been employing. We will certainly consider selling additional assets in the future if we need the capital for a new investment that we make or for additional development. But what we are not doing is just selling assets when we don’t have a need for capital. As you know, our debt is lower than where it has traditionally been and we have still substantial capital to invest in our current development pipeline.
Michael LaBelle: I don’t think it’s that significant 2016 to 2017. I mean, we’ve talked about $8 million of reduction. I think that if we didn’t pull them out in the 2015 to 2016 at this point, I mean, it will probably come out in the fourth quarter, so we will have one quarter of 601 being out for the low-rise, which will be – which is – will be a little bit of impact. I think, which will have a little bit of an impact. But I would say, it’s 25 basis points maybe to 50 basis points something like that.
Michael LaBelle: Manny, the number is about 50 basis points. It’s about $8 million on about $1.350 billion of our share same-store.
Michael LaBelle: I think that we don’t want to talk too much about 2018. But I think if you look at what we have, we’ve got a significant amount of space at 200 Clarendon and 120 St. James that is today roughly 350,000 square feet of availability that is zero today, which is meaningful space. So I think that -- and we’ve got some other rollups in Boston, suburban Boston and Cambridge. So I think the Boston market will do very well. I think San Francisco will continue to do well. We have dealt with a lot of our rollover, but we’ve still got a little bit more to go that has rollups and we still have a few floors of vacant space. And then in New York City, Doug talked about 767 and 250 West 55th Street. Now we do have to release the 399 Park space. So depending on how quickly that comes in, that could be a negative for that year. And then, obviously, our development pipeline, we will have a full run rate of 888 Boylston Street and then salesforce will start to have a real impact to us. I think there’s some very positive things for 2018.
Michael LaBelle: The way that we capitalize taxes are that we continue to capitalize them on the percentage of the space that is not leased up to 12 months basically after we deliver the building. But the other – most of the other operating expenses, you do have to start to ramp up for utilities and other things and you can’t capitalize those types of things. So in the very beginning of your occupancy, you have a tough time getting positive NOI. But obviously as you lease up, you start to get that leverage.
Michael LaBelle: If we do it, it would be a drag. So we’ve assumed in our guidance that we are using our line of credit as we need it. So we’ve got some interest expense in our guidance associated with our line of credit, which we draw on as we need the money. So it gets drawn throughout the year. But it’s certainly possible, again, that we could do something much sooner than that and then we would sit on the cash and the cash doesn’t earn much. So I gave an example of $500 million, because that’s the approximate amount of capital we would need to fund out most of our pipeline.
Michael LaBelle: What I can give you is some of the pieces to kind of help you. If you look at our projections for what we need to lease to meet our plan, we need to lease something like 3.5 million square feet of space. So depending on how much cost you throw at that, that’s probably somewhere in the $200 million plus or minus range for costs that would get hit there. Non-cash rents, we gave guidance for that of $50 million to $70 million. And I think that we would say maintenance CapEx is probably somewhere in the $60 million to $80 million range. If you look at other non-cash expenses that we have, that would offset that probably between $35 million and $45 million. So you’re talking about total adjustments to our FFO of $280 million to $320 million something like that. That would bring you down probably to, I don’t know, $4.25 to $4.50 or something like that on a per share basis, just dropping that off the guidance that I guess.
Michael LaBelle: We’ve got projections, obviously. But there’s a lot that can change and a lot can happen. We don’t really want to get into 2018 guidance at this point.
Michael LaBelle: Doug, I think the only difference might be that we thought we might have to have pre-built some of the space and try to attract 5,000 to 10,000 square foot users. And as Doug described, what we are really talking to is 20,000 to 40,000 square foot users. So that’s a half a floor to a full floor, so that’s not really doing kind of the pre-built activity.
Douglas Linde: So the deals that we have in place are not legally conditioned on us doing any work to the exterior areas of the buildings. There’s a tenant improvement contribution for each of the deals and I think the – I mean, the general market is in the $70 to $80 a square foot for a 10-year deal and it’s closer to $100 a square foot for a 15-year deal. And but we intend to do a major repositioning of the properties and we have a plan that we’ve come up with that we’ve discussed with TIA who are the other party in the transaction and we don’t have a firm budget on that yet, but it’s somewhere – more than $10 million and probably less than $25 million, and we will have to come to an agreement internally and with them on what the right amount of spend is and how long it will take. But that will be more of a global repositioning as opposed to what’s required for these deals. These deals don’t have any requirement from a legal perspective to spend money.
Douglas Linde: So our lease with salesforce.com includes just the space that they have on, quote unquote their existing lease. So we have the unfettered right to lease other space to other tenants. You would think that the major 800,000 square foot tenant would be an important customer. And so to the extent we are doing things on other parts of the building, we are letting them know what’s going on. So to the extent that they have an interest in that space. They can give us their view on how we might work with them on it.
Douglas Linde: So I’m hesitant to answer that question too aggressively, because the circumstances under which we deliver the space are so critical to when we recognize or have the ability to recognize revenue. So we can sign leases and be in a position where the space is committed, and if we deliver the space in one condition, we are recognizing revenue day one and if we are delivering it after having removed the existing improvements, it could be 10 months, or 12 months, or 6 months delayed. So Mike’s numbers have some of that baked into them in terms of his projections for our same-store growth for the year, but it’s pretty muted because of the issues associated with the delivery conditions. So I think we will do more leasing. I don’t know whether or not we will be able to get impact from it in our 2017 numbers.
Douglas Linde: So I would tell you that overall in our markets, if you had to pick a direction, concessions are moderately up as opposed to moderately down. I think in New York City, many landlords have taken the recipe that we’ve been working with for a number of years and pre-building space, and if you pre-build the suite, you are giving a lot more money in the space than you are when you are giving an allowance. But in theory you are reducing the free rent concession significantly and or improving your velocity. I described the transaction environment in Washington DC. It’s pretty close to where it was last year, maybe it’s slightly higher. I think the greater San Francisco market, it’s actually – concessions have come down a little bit in the sense that many tenants are sort of deciding that renewing in place on average is a more economical experience for them because of the cost associated with having to relocate. So if you have a tenant in place, you can get away with a smaller concession than with a new tenant coming into that space. And then in the Boston market, the CBD is – probably had slight increase in its tenant improvement numbers not significant. Pre-rent really hasn’t become a factor in this market at all. And our suburban market actually, I think has seen a decrease overall in concessions, because – honestly, because of the stronger market and the availability of high-quality space is becoming limited.
Douglas Linde: Yes, so what I – so we’ve been keeping this running total and so we’ve done $72 million of $80 million on the revenue side. But remember number there’s a net reduction from some leases that were expiring that sort of go against that. So I’m giving you a gross number, not a net number. So there’s another call it $15 million to $17 million that’s sort of part of that $80 million that we still have to get done. But on an apples-to-apples basis from what we’ve been reporting from the beginning of the year, we started with zero and we’ve gotten $72 million of $80 million and then we have some negatives that have come on that we have to still cover.
Douglas Linde: Jamie, I think we’ve been saying for, I think several years now that, as John articulated, New York is a healthy market. It’s a desirable city. There is job creation. I think the mix of industries is getting more diverse in a very positive way. So all that’s very positive, but there is a fair amount of supply. It’s significant on a square foot basis. It’s less significant on a percent of total stock basis, but it matters. And so when we’ve run our numbers, we see availability in New York. It’s hard to push it below 10% and when you are in an environment like that, it’s hard to push rents certainly above inflation and we’ve been saying that and we’ve been in many cases leasing our portfolio with that type of philosophy.
Douglas Linde: I’m going to answer that question in a terribly unhelpful way, which is I don’t think we are in a position where we feel comfortable giving you a projection three years out. We’ve given you a lot of pieces and we’ve described the average return on cost of our development pipeline and the delivery of those dollars. So if you are assuming, I mean, 7% is a number that we are using as sort of a surrogate. The number is actually going to be higher than that on a GAAP basis, because we are describing cash yields and obviously cash yields don’t include the increases in rents that you straight line and they don’t include, as Owen, for example said, what our market land value is. That’s a non-cash item, or non-GAAP item, so the numbers are going to be higher. And if you take that and then Mike gives a pretty good same-store revenue number, I wish I could tell you that we can give you more than that, but I think that’s what you are going to have to work with to come up with our three-year projection, if you want to call it that.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So we have one retail space left and we have a letter of intent on that space with a restauranteur.
Douglas Linde: Yes. So we have on the 36th floor, which is available and half of the 35th floor. And we have discussions going on with smaller tenants on the 35th floor and we, at the moment, don’t have any active conversations on the 36th floor.
Douglas Linde: I think that it depends on how you define that. So I think that the way the market is working is that when you have – and most of the Midtown activity is lease expiration-driven, there’s not a tremendous amount of growth that when you have a lease expiration tenancy and they have a particular day on which their space is leasing, the market has become more flexible on meeting that date. So where it used to be that, in a bit of a stronger market, if you had a lease expiration on January 1 of 2018, and the traditional 10-year deal was 12 months of free rent and $65 or $75 of TIs, that would be what the transaction package would be. Today, if you have a lease expiration on January 30, or February 1, or March 30, or April 1, you might get the same concession package, but your rent commencement date would be a little bit drawn out. So effectively your NER, if you want to call it that, has gone down slightly, but it’s, in reality, just a way to meet the demand of the marketplace as opposed to actually increase concessions, and I think that’s the flexibility that’s being required. In addition, as I said before, Jed, there is more landlord-oriented work that is going on in Manhattan in the form of pre-built or other landlord-required obligations to tenant spaces. So there has been a push-up in concessions in that way.
Douglas Linde: So I will give you a range. If we are able to do nothing other than this potential lease at 145, the number is call it – what Owen said $530 million. If we are successful in generating the business that Ray is chasing in DC, there’s another $0.5 billion of potential starts in calendar year 2017.
Douglas Linde: Craig, just to give you clear perspective. Three of the things we are looking at in D.C are 100% leased and one of them there will likely be a lease of at least 60% or 70%.
Douglas Linde: We have not changed our pricing from the deals that we were doing a year ago. So we have not raised our pricing, but we haven’t lowered our pricing and the tenants are very similar. They are in what I guess Owen refers to as small financial firms, private equity firms, alternative asset management firms, consultants to the asset management business, some, quote unquote, I guess hedge funds self provide.
Douglas Linde: So you are never going to hear us describing what the rent is or what the sales are for any of our tenants on a particular basis, because I just don’t think that’s appropriate. So the number I gave you was a revenue base for all of the retail at the building, which includes a multitude of tenants, even some banks, but they don’t give us percentage rent. [Multiple Speakers]. Yes, right. And so my point – I guess my point is is that we are well off what the peak sales were in terms of our expectations for the percentage rent and we haven’t assumed any growth. So we said let’s look at what the least exciting sales might be and use that as our baseline and everything that we get on top of that will be gravy.
Douglas Linde: I’m not going to give you a number, because you’ve got to understand the sales for these properties are different than they are for anything else that you would probably see in a retail portfolio.
John Powers: That’s a very unique product and we are very, very excited about it. It’s got light and air, but no views. It’s got a very good location. So that will be positioned to be in the high 80s. [Multiple Speakers] and as 10% of the entire space is outdoor space [indiscernible].
John Powers: Well, I’m very consistent. I’m very bullish on New York City. I think the New York population is going up. All the indicators here are positive. There’s not as much job growth as last year, but there is job growth this year. I think the hotels are doing well and it’s a very good market. So we think it will continue to draw people into the market, the tech sector, the TAMI sector is growing. So the long-term is bullish. We do have some supply, as we’ve talked about, coming on with the Trade Center primarily and the rail yards and that will be absorbed over the next couple of years.
John Powers: I’m not bullish on rents moving up. I don’t think – I think there will be some areas in the city, in some particular buildings where rents will move and there will be some places that will be a little softer, but I’m pretty flat overall for the next couple years on rents.
John Powers: Yes, that’s all true. But also on the other side of that, we don’t see the availability going to 12%. It takes a lot of movement to move it from 11% to 12%. So it’s pushing somewhere around 11% aggregate in the city and we have some pipeline coming on over the next couple of years, small, as Owen said, a small percentage relative to the 400 million square foot market here, but nonetheless space that will impact the market. So we are going to be somewhere around a 11%. That’s what the availability rate overall Manhattan is going to be at the end of the year. Fourth quarter leasing velocity will probably move up. It should hit close to the 25 million that’s the average over the last 12 years.
John Powers: No, I don’t think we have. And, as Doug said, yes, in a market that’s got some vacancy at 11% availability and some balancing between tenants and landlord, tenants still have sometimes limited opportunities. They might have two or three things even though with all the space in the market in terms of where they want to go, their size, what’s available, their timing, et cetera. But because of the market we are in with this balance, landlords are pushing out and looking at future lease expirations and matching that so the tenant doesn’t have double rent, as Doug said. And that pulls the NER down, but that’s forward leasing and that’s consistent with most lease expiration-driven markets.
