Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Good morning, everybody. We continue to find that our basic strategy, I guess, is the only way to put it, is holding up very well in what we think are fairly weak economic times in a macro sense. And we continue to believe that we'll continue to do well in this environment, simply because the quality of the buildings and the quality of the locations in the markets that we are in are doing relatively better than the overall economy. And we suspect that this is going to continue so we're actually feeling reasonably optimistic about our business. But I have to say, I have been relatively bearish about the economy, and I continue to be that way because I think the overall macro numbers are quite weak, especially the employment numbers. The employment numbers in the first 3 months of this year were very weak because, let me put it this way, they looked better than they really were because of the way the government counts these numbers when they're so called, seasonally adjusted. Well, the fact that we have the warmest pretty months since 1895, an average of 6 degrees per day warmer than and any period going back to 1895. And this means that we basically saved a lot of jobs. People are able to get to work, certain kinds of work like construction was able to continue in the warmer weather, et cetera. The same thing is true in agriculture.  So we're in a situation where the economy overall, remains weak. Nevertheless, the areas in which we service, tenants, by and large have continued to be well, relatively well. Certainly, if you look at the markets we are in, they are all still doing fairly well in terms of the kind of space that we offer to the market, which is as we always say in the order of clichés, they're A buildings in A locations. And we have really worked very hard to maintain that particular niche in the marketplace and it has served us well in each one of the markets we are in, whether it's Boston or Cambridge, New York, San Francisco, Washington. Now these are the markets that have continued to do well, and I think it shows up in the earnings that we have. The question that we always ask ourselves is, how do we continue to grow the business? And we are in the process of doing either additional acquisitions or we have development that are underway. We have a major development in New York, for example, and we just completed a meeting in which we were going over the tenancy. This is under construction as we speak. We bought a building in Boston that you all probably know, 1,300,000 square foot building. Now these are a couple of the major transactions we have underway, and we're always in the marketplace for buildings that fit into our definition, shall we say, about the kinds of buildings we want to own. And we think we're going to be able to continue to do well because we are relatively conservatively financed. We have access to capital on terms that frankly have not been available to anybody in the real estate business since I have been in the business, which I'm embarrassed to say, goes back 51 years. So that is, in a sense, the comparative advantage for us, making it possible for us to make acquisitions or to continue development and to be able to come out with yields that we're comfortable with. So we're not in an exuberant time, but we think we can continue to prosper in these times because of the unique strategy, because of the credibility we have in the markets we are in, because of our ability to finance whatever we do and because of the ability of every single one of our offices to generate both additional acquisitions, additional sites and additional centers.  So with that, I'll just turn it over to Doug Linde, who will go through our earnings and then we'll just open it up to questions.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, I'm not going to try and oversell this market. But I will tell you that we are building a building in New York City and we are talking to 3 or 4 major tenants in addition to the one that we already have signed. So there is a fair amount of activity in terms of large tenants looking for new space and looking for larger space. So again, I think we are in a situation where there's a lot of nervousness in the business community for all kinds of reasons, some of which we all are familiar with. But still, New York is still doing very well, very well. The vacancy pretty much is holding up in the kinds of space that we are in. The occupancy is getting a little bit better. The vacancies are very small. And we are frankly quite bullish with the right buildings for the right building sites. We are absolutely in the market because we think this is going to continue to be a very strong market. The overall economy here in New York, of course, is dominated not just by the area of the city that we are in, which is sort of the Upper East Side, if I could put it that way. But also, of course, what is in the southern part of the city, what’s south of 23rd Street, we have just had a huge influx of a lot of the activities in the high-tech world. It's very, very strong. Rents have gone up dramatically in that part of the city and we are looking at it and so are others. But I think it's going to stimulate the overall business environment and financial environment in Manhattan. And I will tell you another thing that the city has done, which is really quite remarkable, and you may -- I'm sure I've heard about it. There is going to be a brand-new university, a high-tech university. This is going to be started in this city. It's a joint venture of Cornell University and a major Israeli -- it's basically sort of the -- Israeli MIT. It's called Technion. We'll have a combination of the 2 of them, are going to put together a wonderful source of the kinds of highly educated talents in the world of technology, engineering, mathematics, you name it. So I think this is another great plus for New York. That'll be a few years in the making, but for a lot of companies who are thinking in the long-term, I think there is going to be a continued confidence in the future, the economic future of New York. Now we've also been blessed by some rather effective leadership with the mayoralty Michael Bloomberg. That's coming to an end. We'll see who his successor will be, but I suspect that everybody will appreciate and recognize why the city did well under the kind of management that Bloomberg brought to the city. So I think we're in very, very good shape. And as markets go, this is still a market that I think we'll be very interested in just in terms of the development or acquisitions, you name it. I think the long-term viability of this market is just, if anything, going to grow proportionately or relatively to a number of other markets, it's certainly going to remain the major city for the headquarters city for many companies. So I remain very bullish about this market. Obviously, we're going to have ebbs and flows but I'll put it this way, the flows are going to be better and the ebb is going to be less serious than in almost any other markets than say, Washington, of which of course, has a unique set of circumstances. So I think this is -- remains a very, very attractive city to be a part of and to invest in and to acquire assets, and we're going to continue to try and do that. It's not easy because there aren't too many buildings that are for sale. We have -- we're working on a number of sites in New York for development and we expect that we'll be able to begin another one shortly, and there are just a lot of different opportunities in New York, I might add, including residential. The markets here are very strong. The city economy is very strong. So I remain very bullish about New York. And I think we have always done well here, and I think we're going to continue to do well.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: But let me just add to the fact. This is for a company like Boston Properties. We really do have a comparative advantage, even the competitive advantage in terms of our ability and our credibility to buy major buildings in these markets. And you never know. We're in the flow. We're in dialogue with all kinds of different people, and you never can predict when it happens. And until you sign anything, you just don't really know whether a deal is going to close. But we're certainly in that flow and we have both the financial wherewithal and the management wherewithal and the credibility to be competitive, shall we say, and anything that comes on the market.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: We were -- what we -- what the -- what we expected and what we're -- where we were sort of indicated initially before we started the process was within 2% of where we closed the transaction. So we were not surprised nor disappointed.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Let me just answer that. The Dewey is really an isolated incident because however they came to this conclusion, they agreed to, in their desire to build a firm, they've brought in a lot of partners with guaranteed incomes of $2 million to $3 million, $4 million, even $5 million. And when the downturn hit, they obviously were in real problems in terms of meeting all of these obligations. And then it turns out that they had a big loan from the bank and the bank had a condition in it, which is not unusual for lenders -- for lawyers rather, that if there are more than 10% of the partners' lease, the loan becomes due. Well, they've lost over 20% of their partners. So they've just gotten themselves into a horrible situation. And it's not because those lawyers are still not doing well. It's just that they were brought in on terms that the firm overall couldn't afford unless they were in a continued bubble of activity. And so that was a one-off kind of a situation, the way I would describe it.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Yes. I'm sorry. Yes, I mean, look, again that is a market at some point that if we find the right situation, we're going to be willing to look into. It has different -- we've been going there and looking over the last several years and we've had several situations that we looked at. There are different ways in which those buildings are leased in the way those buildings’ leases are escalated, and to some extent, in the way those buildings are financed. And it's still a market that we think is attractive. We have a lot of other things that are, I think, in our own traditional markets that we think offer us at this point better opportunities. But I'm sure at some point it will be going back and then looking into that market again.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Yes, significantly lower. We do have some situations here that we're very happy to look into and we feel we ought to concentrate on the markets we're already in.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Yes. I mean, look, we're -- that is something we are looking at all the time. We have made many acquisitions over the years. We expect to make additional acquisitions as we go forward. As I said before, we are, shall we say, uniquely qualified and competitive in that world because we know the market. We know the players. We have the -- we understand the leasing. We understand the escalations. We understand the real estate. We understand the financing [ph] . And we have the equity capital necessary to be able to move quickly and decisively. So we think we have the comparative advantage in these markets, and there are situations that we hope we can develop over time, and we're going to concentrate on that at least for the moment.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, that, as anybody who knows the New York market knows it's really -- turns into an astonishingly strong market. New York City is the second most active site for the sort of new high-tech economy, second only to Silicon Valley. And now just to give you an illustration, I was involved in the establishment of this new university that is going to be started on city land, 10 acres of city land, and the head of one of the major universities that was competing came to see me. And I asked him, why would you want to move from your present campus, which is in a great location and has a worldwide reputation? He said, why wouldn’t you want to move to New York? He said, New York is the only city that our faculty would be willing to move to. And I think that's one of the unique aspects of New York. It is in a position to attract a lot of the people who are in this world. It's not the only market, but I would say it's very close second to San Francisco and Silicon Valley. So I think this part of the city is going to develop in dramatic ways. We are looking for ways, consistent with what we think we can do to get involved in that market. I suspect that we're going to get involved in that market sooner rather than later. We're certainly looking and we haven't found anything yet, but we're certainly looking. And we think we are going to be in a position to appeal to that market. The model for what the city is doing with Technion University and Cornell University was, to my surprise, Kendall Square that Boston Properties developed from its inception many, many literally decades ago. So we've had a lot of experience in those kinds of companies that really are affiliated or like to affiliate with academic institutions. We did it in Cambridge. We did it to a degree that was unprecedented. We started where nobody ever even thought of those kinds of developments in what we call Technology Square in Cambridge and Kendall Square. We were really working with MIT. We're going to continue to pursue those kinds of activities because in fact, this is another major growth area, and we think we can be very effective in it. So we're definitely going to be into that piece of the market.
Douglas T. Linde: Sure. So I want to answer you first -- the first comment to your question, which is absolutely not. This was not a question of well, we have the money and therefore we can just buy this building. That's about the farthest thing from our thinking that you could possibly imagine. 100 Federal Street is a building that we identified 5 years ago when we started looking at, what are the best buildings in Boston that we would want to own if they were available, and there were 4 or 5 other buildings in the downtown submarket that we would consider owning because we think they are terrific long-term buildings that are very attractive to tenants and may or may not have been terribly well maintained or marketed over the past decade, but that are long-term winners for the city of Boston. The transaction came about because we were aware of the right that the tenant had to the right to first offer and we were also aware that the institution at the bank was looking to potentially raise capital sell their assets and get out of the real estate business. And they are not a good owner, a third-party owner of real estate. I think they would acknowledge that themselves. We look at the deal as a good cash on cash return at an exceedingly low basis per square foot with opportunities to enhance the cash flow characters of the building both from rolling rents up, taking the space back from the bank over time as the bank sort of rethinks how it wants to use its office space in the city of Boston, changing the profile of the ground floor in the way that the pedestrian and the area of the buildings around it sort of react to the building. In other words, this -- there is no place for anyone to have lunch or breakfast other than a hotel within 2-block proximity of this building. And we did a 25,000 square-foot food court at the Prudential Center that does thousands of dollars of square foot, and there are lots and lots of people working in those buildings and we think this thing could be the center of that type of activity sometime down the line to the future. It has parking that was under-managed, so there's an opportunity to increase the cash flow there. And we think that the replacement cost and the ability for people to build buildings in downtown Boston are few and far between, and that this is a great basis with great views, with great window light, with great floor height, and that it's going to be a building that's really attractive to both financial services and as well as tenants who are not traditional office users in downtown Boston. It's a block from the Greenway, which is really I think the epicenter of where activities are going to be in the city for quite some time. And so we think it's a great real estate investment. From a return perspective, is this thing going to be a 6.5% IRR? A 7.5% IRR? An 8.5% IRR? I don't know. We did lots and lots of financial modeling. We felt really good about a relatively conservative view of assumptions and generating on a short-term basis IRRs that were in the high 6s or low 7s. And when we look at how we can finance this building, it's a very attractive use of capital and we think there's a lot of upside, and if cap rates don't compress and rents go up, it gets significantly higher. If rents really pop, it gets significantly higher. If cap rates compress, it gets higher. And we think there's relatively little downside and lots of opportunities for upside. So I'm -- and you can probably imagine, I'm bullish on the asset.
Douglas T. Linde: Just before you take the next question, operator. Just when Mort says we're going to begin another development shortly, we're not talking about bringing another development in the next year or so. We're talking about looking at sites where there may be development opportunities in the foreseeable future.
Douglas T. Linde: The short answer is yes. The long answer is economic sense is defined as finding the right tenants at the right time or feeling comfortable enough with the speculative nature of where rents are going to be that the tenants will pay a strong enough return to make it economically attractive to do. We have a site on Zanker Road. We have a site on North First Street that we're trying to permit, and we also, quite frankly, are working on a couple of additional sites in the Mountain View area where we think we have an opportunity to build some more dense-related type of development, things that are not quite as urban. Suburban campus-like as what you typically find in the Mountain View, Palo Alto area and we're encouraged by our, at least our deal flow, in terms of seeing where sites are and trying to put deals together so that we might have something going sometime over the next year or so.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll characterize it as follows. The tenants that we're talking to at 250 West 55th Street are primarily law firms and some established technology companies. For the most part, the law firms are either becoming more efficient and looking at the way we have designed 250 West 55th Street in terms of the floor place [ph] , the lack of columns, the million design, the amount of perimeter offices and things. They can take less space than they currently have. And the technology companies that were looking at or companies that are probably more expanding than contracting. At 399 Park, it's a very traditional Park Avenue-centric, asset manager, hedge fund investment advisors. And for the most part, all of those tenants are expanding granularly. So a tenant that might have 35,000 square feet of space will be looking for 39,000 square feet of space with the right to or obligation to take another 5,000 square feet or 10,000 square feet of space in 2 or 3 years, that kind of thing.
Douglas T. Linde: So let me -- I'll start and I don't know if Mort wants to add anything or not. We've looked at London. We've spent some time in energy and capital, investigating some assets. We haven't bought anything, and I'd say we're focusing our attentions right now on our core markets. It doesn't mean we won't continue to think about London, but at the moment, our focus is on the markets that we're currently located in.
Douglas T. Linde: Well, I -- the depth of the pipeline we have, and whether we can come to an agreement on the deals with areas sold is -- are 2 different questions. We have a very deep pipeline of assets in Manhattan, in Washington D.C., in San Francisco and in Boston, the buildings we would like to own, billions of dollars’ worth of assets. Whether these things actually are for sale is another question. And we're not going to obviously identify what those buildings are.
Douglas T. Linde: I'd answer the question as follows, Steve. I think that there is absolutely no question that the way people work today is very different than the way they worked 10 years ago. So as long-term leases roll over, the companies that are the beneficiaries of the older spaces are going to find great efficiencies in the new configurations and the uses of space. That being said, we do not believe that you can get to 0 and that everyone is going to be virtual businesses. In fact, we think that one of the things that's going on is that the amount of space that is needed for companies to come together and bring their employees together so that they can work in groups, they can share ideas, they can feel connected to whatever they're doing is enhancing. And so the -- what we refer to as collaboration space or “we space” or whatever you want to call it, it increases and is getting larger in a lot of the sort of new age companies including financial services firms by that -- in that same vein. And that there will continue to be a need for the kind of space and the kind of buildings that we offer and operate. But that's the traditional, the easiest one to use is the law firm. The traditional law firm space is going to a different way of doing business. There are fewer conference rooms. There are a fewer secretarial support stations. There are fewer word processing pools. There are fewer areas where people are storing space, which compresses the amount the amount of space. And by the way, in some cases, the amount of lawyers that are sitting in their offices make it larger because a lot of that lawyers maybe spending time out of the office so that they don't have to be sitting on top of each other all the time. I mean absolutely, no question, we've been seeing it for 3 or 4 years in a very big way in all of our markets and it continues on a consistent basis. So we think it's here to stay.
Douglas T. Linde: So let me give you the Boston Properties perspective. So Michael LaBelle is a relatively conservative person and he has a group of people working for him that spend an awful lot of time underwriting credit risks, and given that we have a lot of exposure to law firms, we have really good comparative information on our legal tenancies. And what is quite clear is when you have a law firm that has a lot of debt, you have things that you need to worry about. And when you have a law firm that doesn't have any debt, you've got a very different business model and a very different profile of default risk. And so we think long and hard about the firms that we are doing business with and the proposals that we're prepared to make, and particularly the amount of capital we're prepared to put into a transaction. And we have on occasion with a law firm that was highly leveraged or more highly leveraged than the other firms in our portfolio, basically made proposals that were effectively bid to lose. And we've been lucky enough that when we have had a law firm that has gone under, and we have had some, because obviously Hawley [ph] was in our portfolio, and Heller Ehrman was in our portfolio, the way that they've built out the space and the locations of those buildings have been such that they were readily re-marketable to other tenants in the law firms, and so we were able to get a great recovery on those spaces. And that again, that has to do with where our buildings are and how our buildings are put together and how people are thoughtful about putting space into our buildings and the way we push ourselves into those processes, so that we don't find ourselves with antiquated, inappropriate build-outs in these types of installations where there's potentially a risk that something like this would happen.
Douglas T. Linde: I can't answer that question with a timeframe. We know we thought we had a deal. The deal didn't work out. We had a 1031. It made sense at that time. At this point, our focus at the moment is on increasing the occupancy in Princeton and looking at other -- build pursuit opportunities that are -- that seem to be at least floating around the marketplace on the land that we control and at some point in time, well, we would consider a sale again.
Douglas T. Linde: Thank you all for joining us. Well I hope we've got all your questions answered. And you can always obviously feel free to call, where we think our disclosure is such that we can answer just anything at this point. And we'll see many of you at the NAREIT conference in June in New York City. Have a good rest of the week. Thanks.
