Doug Linde: So let me just make a quick comment and I'll let John Powers provide more color. The lease that we lost we were surprised at. And we've rarely have ever gotten to a lease execution at 399 Park Avenue where we have had a lease disappear. So I think that is the exception not the rule. Our confidence level from my perspective has to do with the level of negotiation and status of the lease that is being drafted right now. But John, you should comment on your view.
Doug Linde: Yes so those are in our J.B. properties on that there are two law firms that are expiring in 901 New York Avenue and Metropolitan Square and those are leases that we've known we're going to be vacating for the better part of two plus years. And so those are, one of them is an 80% JV, where we're the 20% owner that's in that Med Square and then we're a 50/50 partner in 901. So relatively speaking they don't have much of an economic impact. 
Doug Linde: Yeah I mean it also includes Akin Gump which is a building we have under contract to sell. So we've already mitigated that issue. 
Doug Linde: I provided my perspective you know in my comments which what I think things are going to be flat. But I'll let John Powers provide his view that maybe it's slightly different.
Doug Linde: So our Cambridge portfolio for the most part is actually office space not lab space. We only have one dedicated lab building in Cambridge and it's only you know 60,000 square feet. The -- I will tell you that we've seen some extraordinary sales life science buildings there's a new building that was just you know purchased in Watertown Massachusetts which is you know it's close to Cambridge but it is not a transit oriented you know facilities anywhere close to it other than bus people stops and it traded for over $900 a square foot. And then there are a couple of buildings in the suburban market in Waltham with a lot significant vacancy that traded or trading in excess of $700 a square foot so there is a very strong life science demand and because of that demand there is an expectation for a significant rental rate growth. And there's a lot of investor demand for it. 
Doug Linde: So I think it's a really interesting question Craig, because the split roll has a you know a economic impact which we can define based upon the contractual leases that we have i.e. if you have a triple net lease it doesn't matter if you have a gross lease its sort of matter then it rolled in over time. Right. But I think you asked the right question which is what point does the pricing get so expensive that these tenants start to change their habits in terms of their real estate which is a fair question.  Relative to other parts of the world the rents in San Francisco still look very cheap including by the way the new construction in Midtown Manhattan. And the profitability of the companies that are leasing a lot of that space are extraordinary. So I am pretty bullish on the vibrancy of the tenant demand that we are seeing in a market like San Francisco and the strength of those companies and their ability to absorb those types of increase. And so it will sort of become part of the marketplace. I think the real question is some of the sort of 'service providers' and the other companies that are not quite as profitable as a Salesforce.com or Amazon.com or a Microsoft, LinkedIn or a Google or potentially AirBnB and Uber. I mean those have different types of companies. And so I do think that there will be a set of companies that will have a different perspective on that. But we're hopeful that first of all this is not going to play out until 2020 to 2021. So there is going to be a lot of conversation a lot of politicking a lot of lobbying that goes on. And we'll have to see sort of see where it all shakes out. 
Doug Linde: Yeah. Absolutely, we’ve been getting the pricing that we expected to get when we made the decision to put the asset in the market. That being said, we are selling non core assets which generally means they're in suburban locations or the cap rates are higher than what our core assets we sell for. But, we are and we are generally getting multiple bids and having active processes.
Doug Linde: So I would describe the work that I'm describing as follows. It's not about the retail from a retail income perspective it's about the space on the ground level and on the plaza level at Embarcadero Center to enhance the overall office environment. We are achieving historical rents right now in Embarcadero Center. So in the short term I can tell you that there is absolutely no revenue correlation with what we're doing. But I will tell you that you know we're in a time of plenty and there probably will be times when things will be more challenging and we should do this because it's the right thing for the property and so on a net basis we will we will be able to have higher retention and achieve higher rents in a down market because of the work that we're doing. I don't personally believe it's going to impact this market in sort of the next call it 12 month because it is so strong and it is so hot and rents have moved up so fast and there's so little space. Tenants will almost do take any space they can. I mean it's that tight in San Francisco. 
Owen Thomas: Hi, it's Owen, I'm just going to jump in I'm not sure where John is. I think I know if John were on the call he'd express what Doug did which is a highly great confidence in us accomplishing the leases that we're currently working on. 
Owen Thomas: So I don't feel comfortable talking about what a particular tenant's going to pay, Manny. The rent is already commenced, we've already delivered the space. They are in their build out period right now. There is about a year or plus of free rent associated with that. So we expected that tenant will be actually be physically in occupancy selling goods sometimes in the third quarter or fourth quarter in 2019. And it's a very healthy rent. I would tell you that Madison Avenue rents on the lower portion of Madison and the leasing there has gotten better. And so it's pretty consistent where the rents would have been three or four years ago. 
Owen Thomas: Yeah. So, a couple of things I would say first of all, in terms of new investments so as I mentioned the development pipeline that we have and the new investments that we’re pursuing we’re targeting a 7% initial cash yield for those and our stock even at the current trading level is more in a mid 5 on a cap rate basis. So, I think the better use of the capital is in development. Then in terms of funding and with asset sales, I mean look we are doing we’re not selling large core assets, but Mike described $370 million of non-core assets that we’re selling this year that clearly helpful in funding our capital needs. In terms of doing, selling some of the larger core assets one, as Doug described we have a lot of confidence in that and they’re performing well a lot of them been reconditioned, have additional amenities, we’re not sure they’re great sales candidates. And then from a financial perspective they all have a significantly lower basis than their market value and so selling them would require a material special dividend and dilution in our FFO per share and resulted growth. So, we don’t anticipate significant core assets sales. And then the other thing I would add is that given where we are in the overall economic cycle and where we are relevant to the questions about volatility, I think we’re taking a more defensive perspective with regard to our overall balance sheet. And so we want to put ourselves in a position where we’re not in a situation where we 'over leverage' ourselves and selling assets and paying out dividends would put more pressure on where our leverage ratios are.
Owen Thomas: As you know our preleasing requirements have gone up and our significant development pipeline is underway is 85% preleased which we think is terrific. So you know we don't have a specific number. It's dependent on the market and the scale of the building and those types of things. But given your comments about where we might be in the cycle we have been elevating those pre leasing requirements. 
Owen Thomas: We're studying the program and the locations of the opportunity zones and the specifics of the new regulations that have just come out. But I would suspect that we will not conclude that will be a big opportunity for Boston Property. 
Owen Thomas: So the buildings that are in closer conversation on, the first one obviously is in Cambridge. And that's, it's been in the public press that we're talk to any company tenant about expanding the building. Ripping down hundred plus thousand for the building and building a 435,000 square foot building in display. That base station is a real viable location transit oriented development. And it's, we've got our entitlement completed and we're working diligently on those plans. There are other pieces of land in Boston that we are looking at. We would certainly not necessarily start anything on a speculative basis that could be part of the conversation. And I described the potential opportunity we have in San Jose with Transit Oriented development there and there is the Portland Harrison site in San Francisco which again everything were to go right. We may be in a position where we would have permits towards the middle to end of 2019 and be able to deliver a building in 2021 or 2022 and there is sufficient tenant demand there that we feel comfortable that that's a building that that has a legitimate opportunity to get started relatively soon. 
Owen Thomas: The other thing I want to add on project John again that’s a 50-50 with the goals and I think that the total cost today $24 million something on those lines. So, our total exposure there is $12 million. 
Owen Thomas: I'll start and then turn it over to Ray and John who's also on the phone. The volumes in L.A. have gone down because basically Blackstone worked through their EOP portfolio and they were a big driver of the volumes and I think Santa Monica Business Park is one of their last deals. So I think that's the driver.  That being said there's still plenty things to look at and we're looking at them. You know we've had a big year so far obviously with the Santa Monica purchase. We're thrilled with our footprint. It's very material in Santa Monica and we've had good financial performance particularly Colorado Center which we've owned for several years. You know I think the nature of the deals are you know also different and in some ways more interesting. There's clearly the broadly offered types of deals that we will look at from time to time but they're also you know off market transactions with owners that are also interesting. With that, why don't I it turn it over to Ray or John for additional color? Go ahead John, back to you.
Owen Thomas: But you know realizing we've been in the market for two years. We're now the largest landlord in Santa Monica and we are due to John's effort, reaching out aggressively to off market deals. And what we're trying is employ the same formula in L.A., L.A. we have done in all four markets which is creating value through the development process which is incredibly difficult in L.A. but we're trying hard
Owen Thomas: So I tried that I tried to you know sort of sprinkle that in my prepared remarks and I saw I'll just refresh that. So in the Boston marketplace we actually think transaction costs are going to start to moderate meaning you know the TI concessions that we’ve provided a year ago are going to be less in 2019. And there the free rent deminimus. In San Francisco where I would say that we're pretty comfortable that the transaction cost are going to remain flat largely because the positive installation there and this is across the board are going up at such high rates that the tenants are being forced to spend a lot more money so we can get a tenant to agree to move is not a easy decision in in itself. But the rental rates that we're getting at these marketplaces are escalating at such high numbers that we're comfortable with the overall economic package. In New York City, things are very flat. The big TI concessions in the big free rent concessions that were part of the market in 2016 and early 2017 are long gone. Now I would say your concessions are static at call it a $100 to $120 a square foot on a 15 year lease and about a month of free rent with the capital probably 12 to 13 months. And in the Washington DC market, I think that's the weakest market from a concession perspective. I don't think things are going up dramatically. But there are something some other desperation out there with regards to getting some of these larger blocks and space there. And so people are providing $140 to $150 a square foot in improvement allowance in excess of the year plus of free rent. And that's again the weaker the market.  In the suburban market the concessions are significantly lower in a market like Reston we're talking about $5 to $7 a year. And probably a half a month a year free rent in the Boston market, we're talking about concessions probably closer to $5 a square foot at TIs and very little in the way of free rent. And then in the 'Silicon Valley' the concession pattern are diminimus. For project like Mountain View which is a single story, we're talking about providing market ready improvements which are $20 to $25 a square foot. 
Owen Thomas: Yeah. So, Alex we view, WeWork as an important customer, they're our 16 largest tenant and they currently represent about 0.8% of our income stream. And we would in places that makes sense we would be open to expanding the relationship further. The facts are our portfolio as you’ve been hearing us describe on this call, is getting pretty full and I think there are fewer and fewer opportunities to work with WeWork in and other co-working operators. We are also selectively opening our own types of spaces in handful of situation I might turn it over to Bryan to talk about that.
Owen Thomas: So Alex to summarize it all. WeWork is an important customers as I mentioned, we have other co-working operators in several of our buildings and we are as Brian described experimenting with it ourselves in a couple of installation. When you add it all up it’s about 1% of our revenue. 
Owen Thomas: There are no update on the lease. So, we are as you probably aware here, if you’ve been to New York City recently we’re getting really, really close to delivering the dramatically changed Plaza at 757 Fifth Avenue the General Motors building with the new Apple Cube and the extraordinary store that Apple is doing. In the mean time they have been using the Under Armor space as their temporary store without much in the way of a drop of sales interestingly. Yes and they're going to double the size of the Apple store when the Apple store opens. And we expect that you know in early 2020 we will be delivering the space to Under Armor and we'll start to be able to recognize revenue and they will be in a position to open a store you know based upon whatever their current conception time frames are. 
Owen Thomas: So I'll answer that. We do not typically include what we called storage space in our portfolio square footages. And this space, which is at 399 Park was always part of the big Citibank lease that we acquired with the building in 2002. And they use that space for kind of back office cafeteria, payroll and stuff like that. When we got that space back and started looking at what we can lease it for, we determined that we can't lease it anything other than storage space. So we determined the right thing for us to do would be to reclassify it like all of the other storage space that we have in the portfolio which is not in the portfolio square footage. And if we get any rental up we do get rent up our storage space obviously at a discounted rent, it goes into kind of other rental income. So we may be able to lease some of it overtime. And then we maybe able to figure out a way to reutilize it and use it for something totally different some kind of amenity or something like that. I know the team in New York is thinking about those ideas. But that was the driver behind pulling it out in the portfolio and putting it into the storage space which is the -- the same way we handle all of the storage space of the company. 
Owen Thomas: And the largest one, that we closed was 580 and I think we were slightly above where we expected to be there. And then 1,333 New Hampshire Avenue we exceeded our initial price expectation by a mark-to-market less than 5%. So, pretty consistent to where we thought we would be.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. It’s really simple, it’s a dry out of the lease up schedule due to just sort of the challenges of the labor and Dark that you see from a construction perspective and the timing associated with getting the building completed. And so we expanded our lease up.
Owen Thomas: It represents some increases that we have gotten in the existing lease and we expect them to vacate that premises sometime first quarter or second quarter, early second quarter next year and move into the new premises and the total contribution that they will provide will actually go down slightly when they do that. So that may change their position in the top 20 at that point but because the project is taken a little bit longer, we had provisions in the lease where we got increases in rents as the redevelopment of the existing store took longer.  And we are now obtaining those in their cash rents that we're getting today. 
Owen Thomas: Yeah dividend increase is driven by internal factors, net income, not external factors like interest rate. 
Owen Thomas: Okay terrific. That concludes all the questions. Thank you for your interest in Boston Properties. We'll see many of you at Nareit next week. And we're going to go hit the parade. Thank you. 
John Powers: Yeah sorry, I don't know what happened. There is a question on 399. It's really understanding the tenants that you dealing with in the situations where they coming out of and where you are in the process. So I have a very high confidence level that we're going to close the deals that we spoke about. 
John Powers: So I cannot give you an explicit exact number. I can tell you that the 400,000 square feet of space have a rent of approximately $100 a square foot slightly higher. So that's $40 million. And our view is that more than 50% of it obviously will be commencing in – we hope could be commencing in 2019 from a revenue recognition perspective. 
John Powers: I want to reiterate what Owen said there that we continue to pursue both the marketed opportunities and the off market opportunities. I think everybody knows that the West Coast has been particularly attractive both for domestic capital and international capital so we're very cognizant of the competition here. But we remain hungry to find the right deals. And with that we're looking in different submarkets outside of Santa Monica across West Los Angeles and across the L.A. MSA. 
John Powers: No, it's not very different Doug. We think that the market is pretty flat, we certainly have a lot of velocity here and that's really good. Manhattan overall is going to have a strong year on the velocity side. But availability rate hasn't dropped because we have new supply coming on. So when you balance those two things it's a flat marketplace it's a good marketplace but it's a flat marketplace. 
John Powers: Sure. We have a couple of meetings on 3 Hudson Boulevard. I think the redesigned building has been well received these are long-term discussions with tenants with lease expirations far in the future. And we have another one this week later this week. So, we’re hopeful with that process where we’re still redesigning the building getting our pricing and et cetera. On Dark 72, Doug mentioned that the construction process has been delayed also WeWorks construction process for other reasons has been delayed. So, we expect to open late in the first quarter, next year 2019. We have had a couple of tours, we have a important one this week, we are trading no paper at this time.
John Powers: Well, I said to a group of analyst that there we would start tenant work, I think between 2022 and 2052. 
John Powers: Comfortable with that range. We have to you know we have find the right tenant or potentially two tenants to start this in this environment. It's a great site, we like the site, we like it's a full acre, avenues on three sides, transportation et cetera. There's other competition right in the neighborhoods as you know with 66 and 50 and also Brookfields building, Manhattan West. So everyone's kicking the tires and now we're in for the meetings. 
Mike LaBelle: I mentioned that we would not a raise, that we would term out any outstandings on our line of credit likely sometime in mid 2019. So it's really just a replacement. Now we're doing a 10 year financing versus what our line is there might be a 50 to a 100 basis point increase in the rate that gets put on that financing in midyear. 
Mike LaBelle: Well I think the dividend coverage you know we anticipate by you know certainly by mid the end of next year should be basically where it is today. I mean kind of an FAD coverage ratio. I think that you know our tax income will continue to grow throughout the year. So I expect that fourth quarter of this year and first quarter next year it'll be a little bit higher than it is today. But then it'll come back down and improve. And again part of that is you know the asset sale income in 2018 is not included in our FAD it's excluded from our FAD. So the if you includes that our coverage will be very strong in 2018. This is not part we don't include that as part of FAD. 
Mike LaBelle: Well I would say the conversation about obsolescence and sale don't necessarily have anything to do with each other. We don't believe that any of our CBD properties having now been respositioned and refreshed are in any type of obsolescence category at all whatsoever. And if you look at the older buildings that we have and the lease commitments that we're getting, I think we feel really good about the positioning that we've done and the market's reaction to those. And that includes I mean the Prudential Tower in Boston was built in 1967 and it's a 100% leased. And we have growing tenants who are moving in from all across the city. And it sort of to speaks to if you do it right you can keep one of these buildings going for a long long time. And I would just comment on Embarcadero Center, that those buildings were built between 1970 and 1980 that we're talking 50 plus years to 40 plus years. And so it's the right time to do the kind of work that we're going to be doing.  I think Owen answered the question relative to what our views on selling assets. And at the moment we don't really have any 'core asset sales' potentially likely in the short to medium term. It doesn't mean that we won't look at that differently if the markets are changing and the valuations are different, but right now it's not part of the conversation. 
Mike LaBelle: So now our net debt to EBITDA is about 6.7 times. And obviously we've got EBITDA coming in from development where the money is already spent and we've got money going out for development that we've announced or have underway. So my expectation is that our net debt to EBITDA over the next year or so is going to remain in kind of that high-6s kind of area maybe around 7. And then as we deliver this stuff it's going to come down and pro forma for the delivery of the development it would be down substantially from where it is today. So, we feel again our tolerance level rests on a kind of steady state basis is somewhere in the low 7s. So, we still have comfort and room as we look at pro forma for our development to being well below that. So, we feel very good. 
Mike LaBelle: Well, thank you. It’s actually less rate, the TI dollars have been invested either. It’s just the tail.
Mike LaBelle: Obviously they offset each other as we engage in both activities. So I don't think that the savings in interest expense would likely not be not actually will be I don't think will be as quite as high as the disposition activity is the same as it is this year. So we had similar disposition activity next year and this year. I think it would be there will be a little more dilution from the sales and there is the gain from the interest expense. Although both items, you're not talking about $0.10 to $0.20 you're talking about $0.05 to $0.08 type of numbers I would say. 
Mike LaBelle: No, I think that's fair, we have a $1.5 line. So I don't think we want to get it to the point where it's over $1 billion outstanding. Because we start to get to that level it's just kind of limits your ability to do other things potentially that might happen quickly. So my expectation is once we kind of get approaching that level that we would think it's a right time to term it out. And as I mentioned our expectation is that we will have $250 million of development outflows every quarter. So as you kind of think about that, when you get kind of into the mid-third quarter of the year that outstanding is going to start to get up there. So that's our top process. 
Mike LaBelle: What was, I’m sorry could you mentioned the preamble again there was some papers rusting I didn't hear it.
Mike LaBelle: So, the first question of, we have our answer, right now on a pure mark-to-market basis the whole portfolio it’s about $6 per square foot or 9% positive. 
Mike LaBelle: Yeah, we don't include termination income in our same store. We've never done that because it's lumpy and it hasn't the impact you know the next year in the same year. So we pull it out. So in these situations where we've got three relatively large ones that will work on the portfolio where we wanted move a tenant out that doesn't want all the states necessary. But we have another client that wants it. So we are in a good position where we can negotiate a termination payment that is attractive to us covers all of our kind of downtime and cost. And bring the new tenant in. So it has an impact on our same property and then basically just moves that income from the same property pool to the termination income pool. So I wanted to describe it because if you look at our overall guidance increase you have to have the same store pool plus the termination income in there. 
Mike LaBelle: So we talked about this I guess when we did the dividend increase. For 2018, the gains on asset sales the tax gains on the asset sales are driving our taxable income higher. As we look at 2019, our taxable income is increasing because of operating cash flow going up. So we felt that appropriate rather than doing a special dividend to cover the tax gains on the sales from on the asset sales that we would do a regular dividend in the third quarter of 2018 and feel confident that our cash flow and our taxable operating income which is growing is going to be there in 2019. So we've kind of would done it anyway in effect that's the way we kind of look at it. 
Blaine Heck: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to touch on acquisition in LA in particular. It seems like this year has been slower from a transaction volume standpoint in general out there, but there seem to be more deals coming to the market recently, Owen you mentioned Campus at Playa but I'm just wondering if you guys can talk about your comfort with your current footprint out there whether you're pursuing anything out there at this point and whether there are any submarkets outside of Santa Monica that you guys would target in particular. 
Blaine Heck: Very helpful. And then maybe sticking with Ray or Doug, we noticed a pretty substantial increase in the office expirations next year in D.C. Looks like another 300,000 to 350,000 square feet added to 19 expirations with a higher rent per square foot. Just wanted to see if we can get any color on whether that was a short term lease or maybe one of the leases you mentioned you pulled forward to 2019. Any detail there would be helpful. 
Blaine Heck: Got it that's helpful. And then Doug thanks for the color on the drivers of the higher CapEx during the quarter. But that's somewhat backwards looking as that’s commence leases not what's executed so hoping we can get a little bit more color on general trends on the ground with respect to TIs at free rent whether there are any markets you expect further increases or even tight markets that you could see concessions decrease. 
