Owen D. Thomas: Okay. Thank you, Mort. This is Owen Thomas. Good morning, everyone. As I think many of you or all of you know, I've started at Boston Properties slightly less than a month ago. I actually started on April 2. And let me just say here at the outset that I have long admired the people and franchise of Boston Properties, and I'm honored and excited to be joining the company in a leadership role. In this role, I look forward to working closely with Mort, Doug and Ray as partners in leading Boston Properties in the years ahead. On the question of strategy, which Mort touched on, I believe Boston Properties has a well-articulated and very successful strategy of focusing on high quality buildings in attractive locations, and this approach will continue to guide our activities. My primary initial goal has been to immerse myself in all aspects of the company and to just generally get up to speed. More specifically, I focused on meeting our team, seeing as many of the company's assets as possible, understanding the company's systems and procedures. Over the past 4 weeks since I started, I've been able to visit all of our major offices except one, which I'm visiting next week. During these trips, I've seen or toured a large number of our assets and I've met a great number of Boston Properties employees. Overall, I've been very impressed with the experience, the tenure and the commitment of our employees as well as the quality of the company's real estate assets and systems. Clearly, it will take me more than a month to get fully up to speed. So my initial immersion efforts I think, while off to a good start, are still very much work in progress. And let me just say in closing that I look forward to working and interfacing with all of you in the years ahead. With that, I'm here in Boston with Doug, and I will turn it over to him.
Owen D. Thomas: Yes. I think my experience at Morgan Stanley, both in real estate and also in various leadership positions and with the relationships that I was able to develop there, I hope to be able to use all of that experience for the benefit of Boston Properties going forward.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, as I mentioned, the first challenge for me is getting up to speed on Boston Properties. It's a large enterprise with lots of activities going on that you're very familiar with. And what I've been spending my time on is getting up to speed and making up for lost time in that many of our employees here are long tenured.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, once I'm up to speed, as I've mentioned, Boston Properties is a well managed and successful company. And my intention is to work in partnership with the existing leadership in the company, including Mort, including Doug, Ray Ritchey and others.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Doug, just before you start that. I, want to make one other comment here, and that is to announce that Boston Properties has been designated as the owners' representative of providing development management services for the new health and life center -- life science facility in Holliston, Massachusetts for Harvard University, a project that will cost approximately $480 million. And I think this is just an additional testimony to the quality of work that Boston Properties does in developing world-class buildings for leading clients. And that is a huge and very important transaction for us. And I just think this is something that should be added to our mix of today's information to the shareholders.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, it was one of many diversified talents that Owen brings to the table. I think for the shorter term, we're going to focus pretty much on the United States as the main market for not only our current assets, obviously, but for growing our assets. But as you may know, we looked and spent a good deal of time looking for investments in London. And we actually had signed an agreement to buy a building, which we terminated when it turned out the seller did not own all the building, as he had represented. But setting that aside, it's still an interesting market for us, and I think that it will be something that we would consider. But I have to say, we still think by far and away, the vast majority of all our activities will be here the United States. We are in a very few markets in the United States. For specific reasons, we will be continuing to look for other markets, where we will find the characteristics that we have previously found worked so well for us. And I think that's where Owen's time and my time and Doug's time, in terms of expanding our efforts and focusing on new acquisitions and new development, I think that's by far and away where the main focus will be.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, I'll give you my best version of it. Obviously, I think that this was something that was anticipated to ensure a well-managed transition and also to recognize, if I may say this, I hope this doesn't come across the wrong way, that the kinds of services that I have previously rendered to the company may continue to be rendered to the company as we go forward. That's certainly my intention. So I will continue to focus primarily on expanding the company's, either sites or buildings, for the next several years. And then, we'll see where we are at that point. But I think that was basically the hope and the idea that I would continue to perform in that role, not just by myself but at least taking the lead in all of this. And that, I think, was the rationale.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Yes, I think that's still our principal focus because we -- frankly, that is sort of the core competency of this company. It doesn't mean that we won't be looking for acquisitions because that, again, is as we have demonstrated with a lot of buildings, from the General Motors Building to buildings in Washington to the John Hancock building, even to Prudential Center, there are a lot of situations where we feel we can go into an existing building and improve the building and improve its attraction as a building to be occupied and therefore, over time, to really do very, very well. Secondly, to be very blunt about it, because we have the financial resources and the credit to buy buildings and to actually lease buildings and to finance buildings, we think there will still be the opportunity for us to buy buildings with an appropriate spread between the yield at which we buy the buildings and the yield at which we can finance the building. And this will, it seems to me, over the long term, if we pick the right buildings, as I think we have done for most of our history as a company and both as a private company and a public company, that this will continue to enhance the asset base of the company. Obviously, it's a mix between acquisitions of existing building and development sites. And that's still going to be the basic approach. The strategy that we have always followed and will continue to follow is to really focus, again, on certain critical markets where we think we have the best long-term demand and to end up with buildings that are in extraordinary locations and that are extraordinary buildings or can be brought to that level by reason of our ownership. So that is what we do the best and what we have done well, and we will continue to try and focus on that. It's not easy finding these sites or these buildings, and I think this is something that a lot of us spend a lot of time on and I, particularly, have spent most of my time on. And that's, I think, going to be the continued focus for the next several years.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: May I add something? This is Mort speaking. I just want to remind you that in 2006, in 2007, 2008, we sold an awful lot of real estate. And we also bought an awful lot of real estate. That's when we were able to buy the John Hancock building in Boston, the General Motors Building in New York, et cetera, et cetera. I could go on. But the fact is that we do believe that we will be in a position to take advantage of whatever opportunities come up in the markets. And we have found, particularly the larger and the more complicated transaction, the more opportunity we have because, I think, the market sees us as a company with the sophistication and ability to pull together those kinds of transactions and even more importantly, with the management skills and the financial resources to take on those assets. So we will keep our eyes and ears open for those opportunities. Nobody ever knows with certainty when they come up. But we want to be in a position where we can take advantage of what we think will happen over the next few years, which is that a number of people will feel that they have to sell some of their assets. So we will be, I think, very open to buying additional assets, particularly if those assets are the kind of outstanding prime A assets that we have accumulated over the years. We have no particular ceiling or floor to how many square feet the company should have or what have you. We do think that they're in the nature of the beast that we are involved with, there are times when buildings can and should be sold and can and should be bought and never mind, as well as develop. So this is going to be a business that we have been in for the last 50 years. And I think we'll be able to be in it for a lot of years going forward. These opportunities will always be available, and we will certainly compete with them. We're not the only people competing with them, as I'm sure you realize. So I think we are just going to be in a position to take advantage of whatever opportunities come up, and we've always been sort of players that whenever anything interesting does come up, the market always comes to us when something interesting comes up. So I think we'll be able to do things, even though we can't specifically talk about them at this point.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I'd add the following, too, which is the reason that people are putting their buildings on the market today is that there is an exceedingly strong bid for those buildings from the institutional market from sovereign wealth funds, from high net worth individuals, from sponsors who are taking advantage of the current capital markets and quite frankly, looking out at the world and looking at what the yield opportunities are elsewhere and saying, "Geez, is real estate a good -- is this a good time to be putting money into real estate and is it an inflation hedge, et cetera?" And as long as that is the case, you will continue to see high-quality assets being sold and being aggressively bid, and we are experiencing it with the assets that we have on the market. We expect to see it with the assets that we will be putting on the market, and we're seeing it with the stuff that we're looking at. And as Ray said, we struggle to get to an acceptable return on a fully leased building in a coastal CBD that's got no roll over for the next 15 -- 10 or 15 years. Quite frankly, that's what we're selling.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: [indiscernible] For an outstanding transaction completed with Cartier and we're very, very happy with the number it's in. As we've pointed out, we still have additional space to lease, but we will be very happy when we get that space done at the same kind of numbers that the Cartier people saw. The value of that space is really extraordinary. It's just a one-off kind of space in New York for a high level retail. So we're very, very enthused about it. It's not going to -- there are not too many people like that -- or companies like that, but boy, if somebody comes into the market, they look at whatever limited amount of space we have left.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: No. The Cartier leases are the longer-term lease. That's not a short-term lease. No, they're going to be investing a lot of money and we'll be investing some money in that space. And the traffic that is generated by the Apple Store is unprecedented in the history of American retailing. And it's unprecedented for Apple. And that just says something about the location and just the general prestige of that building has and the retail space there. Nobody has ever seen numbers like the numbers that Apple generated in that space, including Apple.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: No. No. The only thing that I think would affect my future, as far as I'm concerned, I'm having fun and I just enjoy the work, I'm still fully engaged. I intend to be that way for a long time unless I get married, and that's something which you can help me on. But so far, that's not a risk.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: That would set up the Mountain View acquisition as a 1031, so we do have some opportunity to utilize that asset to help the situation.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: My own view is that these are more the exception than the rule. But it doesn't mean that there aren't members in both the House and the Senate on both sides of the aisle who understand that there is a growing frustration in the country that our governmental system is not working, that we're not really addressing the major problems, except in the worst kinds of politics, there's a great gap between the Congress and the President in terms of how they work together, so -- and the country understands it. And there's a certain sort of anxiety over it. And I have a feeling that there may be, as the pressure grows, particularly as we get through to the next election, the Congressional election next year, there'll be some desire to have some kinds of achievements on their resumes when they go and face the public. So I think that there will be some improvement, but I don't see a major improvement because frankly, it could only happen at -- with the level of -- when there's the right level of Presidential leadership. And both sides of the aisle and the Congress feel that, that is presently lacking. There are not very good personal relationships and there is not a sophisticated understanding as to how to work together. You can start taking some people to dinner, inviting some people to lunch, but it's very late in the game. And there's a great deal of anxiety and frankly, there is no real personal connections that so many Presidents in the past have been able to call upon to bring a legislation to fruition. But you'll never know. I mean, somebody could emerge with the ability to bring everybody together. We all hope that's the case. I'm a little bit skeptical at this stage of the game. And I think the -- if I have to put it in the way it works in the Congress, there's a one little phrase I always use, which is the following: that the only time that the world beats a path to your door is when you're sitting in the bathroom. And in that kind of environment, they're all sitting in the bathroom, waiting for someone to come to them, and they aren't coming to them.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: We look at all of these things very seriously and on a one-off basis. I mean, I'll give you an example. I mean, the company that took 1,300,000 square feet last year in San Francisco alone, 1 company, Salesforce. It's not exactly an old company, as we all know. But that's the level of growth that some of these companies are having in that marketplace. And we'll just have to look carefully at the financials of these firms. I can tell you that these are firms that can raise huge amounts of equity through a public sales of their stock if they wanted, and also have a lot of availability even on the debt side, particularly at the rates that are currently demanded in the marketplace. They're very manageable for these firms. So you have to choose. You're not going to put in a fortune in TIs to a company that really you think has any chance of going upside down. But we've had a lot of experience with that in the Boston area, in particular, and also in the Washington area and previously, in the San Francisco area. This is not something that's new to us. And so I think we'll be able to make the right decision. We've never had any kind of major lease, to my recollection anyhow, that has gone upside down. So we're very careful about that and we generally have space. When we do the space and when we fix up space to the extent that we do it, we also take that factor in mind, that we may want to keep some of these TIs for another tenancy if necessary. And I think that's something that is very much within our sort of management capabilities. And I do think that, look. You look at some of these companies, they've become giant companies in the last 3 or 4 years. And when I say giant companies, I mean companies with huge balance sheets, with a lot of credit and a lot of cash and earning a lot of money. So I think we will have no difficulty dealing with the financial aspects of those kinds of tenants when they come to us.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: It just varies from tenant to tenant. One of the things that is very different in these companies is their rate of growth is so dramatic and they really anticipate it. So you have to find a way not only to lease them the basic amount of space that they are interested in, but you have to provide them with some kind of expansion space. And so that kind of space, you end up having to lease for shorter terms. And that's a different kind of challenge for us. But frankly, there are also a lot of tenants in the marketplace that will take a shorter-term lease, particularly if that's the only space that we are going to make available to them, given the kinds of company they are. So this is just the normal balancing that we have done over all the years we've been in business. I really don't think this is going to be a problem. And I also will say to you that these companies are growing at such an extraordinary rate and are so unbelievably profitable. That's really hard to believe. Implicit in your question, is it seems to me, a fair concern, yes, they're extraordinarily profitable, but can it last? And that's, I think, a very interesting question that you have to ask and you have to be careful in terms of the kinds of money that you put into TIs and the kinds of TIs that you put in and pay for.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, I'll take a crack at it. I want to thank everybody for taking the time to review all of our last quarter's activities and to have a first chance for some of you to meet Owen. We're all looking forward to working with him. And I think we are still realistic but optimistic about the future of the business in general. But in particular, I think we still feel we have a unique platform and a unique prestige in the world of commercial real estate that should continue to give us opportunity to both build and buy buildings. And we're still looking forward to doing a lot of that as we immerse ourselves in our various markets. Thank you, all, very much for your time.
Douglas T. Linde: So what we're -- the plans we're currently working on, Michael, are two: going to the ground and then go up to grade. And that probably eliminates somewhere between 10 and 14 months of time, depending upon when we get started. And once we get there, we'll have an interesting question to ask ourselves, which is how do we feel about the activity at 535 Mission, how do we feel about the other activity in the city, what pre-leasing commitments might we be able to make or have we made. And we'll sort of go from there, and it's a work in progress.
Douglas T. Linde: So in a market like San Francisco, on renewals, we are seeing a dramatic shift in the concession packages that are necessary to convince those tenants that they should stay because the alternatives they're looking at are having to come out of pocket because the market concession packages for new tenants hasn't really gone up at all, with a likely significant higher rent. So to the extent that the current installation works for them with relatively short money, they're in pretty good shape. In the suburban Boston market, we've seen, I'd say, a modest change in the concession packages for new tenants. It's stickier at sort of $40 to $50 a square foot for a 7- to 10-year lease, but the rental rates have probably gone up by $2 or $3 a square foot or somewhere between 7% and 10%. If you look at Washington, D.C., I'd say that's where the concession packages are probably most -- the weakest, and there's been the most significant change. And that's largely due to the relatively modest amount of growth that there is, particularly in those marketplaces. And so in order to effectively attract tenants and convince tenants to leave, landlords are putting pretty significant TIs on the board. We've chosen, in the case of our prebuild suites, to really basically build the space out for tenants, which is causing us somewhere between, on the low end, $75 a square foot and the high end, $90 a square foot. But we're -- obviously, we're leasing that space sort of on an immediate basis, and these are smaller tenants who are looking for immediate occupancy. If you're talking about a 40,000 or 50,000 square foot block of space in a building that is a 1990s or 2000s era building, a second generation, the concession package could be well in excess of $90 per square foot, and there could be a year or so of free rent associated with that as well.
Douglas T. Linde: I don't think it limits us. The volume of the building and the architecture of the building have been pretty much locked down with the city over the past 6.5 years of design that the Hines organization moved forward with. So we sort of have -- we effectively have the volume to work with. And how we use that volume, I think, is very much sort of what we're thinking about right now, as we move forward with the design. And our perspective now is that this is going to be 100% office building, not a mixed-use building, not a collection of retail at the base and hotel above that and then office space or high-end condos. This is going to be a 1.4 million-square-foot office building.
Douglas T. Linde: I would say that while we are seeing the tightness in the market, based upon the amount of tech demand in the market impacting Embarcadero Center, the physical nature of the tenants that are looking at Embarcadero Center today continue to be more traditional. We do have a handful of cloud computing and technology-related organizations but not in the same -- with the same amount of activity that we're seeing in traditional financial services firms. There's just -- quite frankly, it's actually not about the space or the configuration of the space, it's about the location. And over on the other side of Market Street -- and remember, there is the south financial district and there's the South of Market, which is really where the focus of the technology tenants has been, which is, quite frankly, why we invested our money in 680, 690 Folsom and 50 Hawthorne, why we're investing our money in 535 Mission and why we're investing our money in the Transbay. Again, about 75% of the market still is traditional financial services, FIRREA, "old world," if you want to call it that, on tenancy. So we're not sort of putting our backside to them. But for the most part, Embarcadero Center continues to be more of a traditional market.
Douglas T. Linde: Well, you're -- I'm going to try and answer your questions, although I think sort of -- you've asked a bunch of questions in there. So the small tenant demand in Midtown Manhattan, I think as was pretty evident by my comments, has really started to pick up again from a velocity perspective, and rental rates are pretty firm. The large tenant demand in the city is a forward market. And as you're well aware, a number of large blocks of space predominantly downtown in the World Financial and the World Trade Center market, plus on 6th Avenue in the bases that some of the older buildings is not an insignificant impact on sort of overall demand in the city for large tenants. And as I said, most of the large users are probably 16 to 20 type of users in terms of when their leases expire. So whatever you're seeing in terms of deal activity, the deal activity that is forward market, not current market, and so the impact of that will be sort of longer term in terms of how they affect the city. I think that you also continue to see growth of smaller tenants in Midtown South, in downtown and now in certain places in and around Times Square that are more technology-related that are going to both Class A as well as some of the lower-quality buildings largely for price purposes as well as, to some degree, because of the environment that are being found there. When you think about the Hudson Yards, that's really a build-to-suit market. It took a long, long time to get that first tower going largely because it was a 4-party deal with Coach and Related and SAP and L'Oreal. And so it just -- and those -- again, those are long-term duration lease expirations that are being dealt with. And as I think -- as you think about what else will be going into that market certainly in the medium term, it's likely to be the build-to-suit market. And so the alternatives are staying in place and becoming more efficient, going to one of the large blocks of space that currently exist, either on 6th Avenue or in Lower Manhattan or going into the new construction in the Hudson Yards or other places, where, in the case of Hudson Yards, there is obviously an impact that you can take advantage of from the perspective of what the tax advantages are that the city is providing for users there. So those are the things that are sort of, I think, working to sort of firm up the city on the small side and in our opinion, sort of create some sense of caution on the large tenant side.
Douglas T. Linde: Let me start with that and then others can chime in. So just on the first -- on the last question you asked, John, we don't think about growing the portfolio from a square footage perspective. We think about growing the NAV of the company and the earnings per share of the company and the cash flow of the company. So as long as we can do those things, the overall size of the portfolio is really not a consideration. And I think our view today, and as long as we think that the macro economy is going to be where it is and in particular, where the overall ability to borrow debt, i.e. where the Fed and the central banks of the world are keeping interest rates, it's going to be a strong market in which to sell and a difficult market with which to buy, if you have the perspectives that we have, unless there are unique interesting opportunities on an asset-by-asset basis, where we think we could do something to a particular asset that other people may not have the vision or the skill to do. With regards to Transbay, the Transbay site and the location we believe will be a location that is very attractive to both traditional and technology like tenants. It happens to have a floor plate that is an optimal size for technology companies and a window line and a mullion spacing and an overall configuration that is also terrific for traditional financial services companies, as they think about redoing their space in the modern era. And we've talked ad nauseum quarter after quarter about the way people are using space, and it is a very different way of using space than it was 10 years or 15 years ago. And as you look at the lease expiration opportunities in 2016, 2017, 2018 in the city of San Francisco, we would hope that we will be a very attractive alternative to both those existing tenants that currently occupy space on Market Street or in California Street in the traditional marketplace, as well as growing technology companies. And Ray, you can comment on our purchase of the signature site, which I think is where John was talking about his numbers.
Douglas T. Linde: I would tell you that we don't have a limit, given that the reality of the world and the number of projects that we could physically be involved with, given the size of the company's platform, doesn't put any sort of cap on it. There was a point in time, when we were a much younger public company, when we had almost 20% of our total portfolio in development and not leased, where there was a lot of speculative nature associated with that. We're now, what, a $30 billion enterprise, and our current pipeline is about $1.5 billion, growing to $2 billion. So it's a far smaller number. And the opportunities to do development, I think, are prevalent. But as Mort said, there are certain situations where we're going to be much more circumspect about taking leasing risks and being comfortable with significant pre-leasing prior to getting underway. And if that's the case, there's a significant amount of additional capacity, not just in our balance sheet, but in terms of what our appetite will be for.
Douglas T. Linde: I just want to clarify. So we're not suggesting that it's necessarily Cartier who's going into that space. And we haven't announced publicly who the tenant is. The tenant is putting a significant amount of money into the space. They do have an ability to go long term on the space. They also have the ability to get out after a relatively short period of time.
Douglas T. Linde: So you're referring to a story in commercial mortgage alert, or one of these real estate alerts. We haven't announced what properties are on the market yet. We are looking at in excess of 2 buildings. As I said, we're looking at buildings in all of our markets. So the 2 that you described are buildings in 2 of our markets.
Douglas T. Linde: It's a long answer that's necessary, that's why I'm going to try and truncate it, which is effectively as follows. We went to the venture. Hines thought they had a potential equity partner on their side of things. We had to all reach an agreement that, that party was the right party for the deal. At the end of the day, we all came to the agreement that it wasn't the right party for the venture. And we had negotiated the ability to close on the deal as a 95% partner and to think about how we might recapitalize it if we want to recapitalize it with a large third-party institutional capital partner at a later date.
Douglas T. Linde: So the garden site is, for those of you who have -- want to picture it, there's a big open area in front of the current TD Bank garden, which is the old Boston garden site. And that site is -- has a density envelope that is pretty significant. And on the base of that, it would likely be some type of retail, and then there would be a series of towers that would go up on top of it. And there clearly is an opportunity for tenants that are migrating out of Cambridge to look at other places in the city of Boston. One of the issues, quite frankly, that many of those companies have had is price and new construction in a location like North Station because this new construction may not be as economically attractive as some of the other alternatives they might have in the short term. But as the North Station gets better from an overall environment perspective and we start to do other things there, I think it's very possible that there could be an office component at that location, that could be unusual space that could be very attractive to the types of tenants that are, in fact, looking for space in other parts of the city that would have, in the olden days, when rents were lower, have preferred to stay in Cambridge.
Douglas T. Linde: I don't think so. I think it's going to be about price. The new development that's going to go into Cambridge is going to be very expensive as well.
Douglas T. Linde: Let me answer the Bay Colony question first. So when we originally underwrote the Bay Colony transaction, we underwrote rents. That would be from the high 20s on what we refer to as sort of the parking space in the lower levels to the mid to high30s on those other spaces. And we are achieving rents of $28, $29 a square foot in the parking space and we're achieving rents of $34 to $35 a square foot on the other space. So we're achieving exactly what we pro forma-ed, but to be honest -- intellectually honest with you, we're 1.5 years behind. So we also built in some growth rate at that time. And we haven't seen -- we haven't gotten the benefit of that growth, so we're delayed. With regards to the space in Weston, our best understanding is that the performance of Biogen Idec has been so spectacular in terms of drug discovery and drug launches that they are growing at a rate that has -- as suggested to us that they have rethought their short-term ability to get out of the space in Weston because quite frankly, there's not enough space in Cambridge right now to absorb all of the people that they are hiring and would like to move. And so while there is some of that space that is still potentially on the sublet market, we're not aware that they are lock stock and barrel moving out of that building any time soon.
Douglas T. Linde: We're not going to talk about it. It's a 6-year project. It will depend on how long it ultimately goes and how they choose to change the overall concepts, and it's -- we believe that we're bringing tremendous value to the University. And we're devoting significant resources to it. And we think we've achieved a competition agreement that's fair to both parties.
Douglas T. Linde: I think it's going to depend on the circumstances. I don't want to get into sort of a magnitude of what we're talking about. As I said, it could be up to or in excess of $1 billion. Obviously, it depends on the collection of assets that we're selling. If we have places to put the capital and we can find ways to 1031 it, we would certainly do that. To the extent that the magnitude of our sales requires us to make distributions, I think we will make a special distribution in lieu of paying a 40% tax on the gains.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Jamie, yes, I think the sequestration has already been baked in, and I think is really related now to the -- just the operating fundamentals of each individual government agency. For instance, as you mentioned, Fort Meade seems to be getting demand. Cybersecurity, as Mort has often opined, is one of the leading areas of concern for our security, and thus, that's where the money is going. The NSA has just come out with 155,000 square foot requirement that probably be competing against [indiscernible] and our buildings up there with Gould's. But for northern Virginia, we're seeing continued contraction on the government side. Even though sequestration may be already considered, the end users are looking how to become more efficient, and that applies not only to the public sector GSA demand but also to the private sector defense contractor demand as well. That's why it was so important for us to get out in front and do deals like the Bechtel deal and the STG deal and the Cytor [ph] deal, 1.5, 2 years ago. So that has minimal, if any, impact upon us in northern Virginia. I will say that we're a little disappointed in the demand down in Springfield. We thought that with the NGA moving down there they'd have longer coattails and pull out of the demand down there from the defense contractors. But we haven't seen it yet, and that has some impact on VA 95 and our Kingstowne assets.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Well, the big question Mark, is how much capacity those tenants already have in their existing portfolio of space in north Virginia. They're going to back tow that before they take any net new. We sure are hoping we get a shot at it. Fortunately, again, as we've stated before, we don't have much vacancy. I think there's others in the market who are hoping they had the opportunity to go out and make aggressive deals with defense contractors. We have just the option of making those deals because we have so little space.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Will do, Doug. So John, we bought the site and the associated density, and the associated density has approximately 240,000 to 250,000 square feet of commercial density associated with that site. However, in Town Center, that density is fungible throughout the entire 40 acres that we control, so we have the ability to build an alternative use on the terra firma, the site itself. So let's say we build, for instance, 500 apartment units on that site and then transfer the density elsewhere within the Town Center to other undeveloped sites that may have an existing building on it that we can scrape and go with an office tower. So to have that kind of flexibility to increase the density elsewhere in Town Center and have that critical site to build upwards of 500 apartment units, which, at a price of $60 per unit, would be $30 million to itself. Not only do we think the price is justified, but we think it gives us tremendous flexibility, in terms of anticipating the future needs for both office and residential demand in Reston Town Center.
Raymond A. Ritchey: I think there's a few landlords and owners that are trying to take advantage of the increasing capital flow into real estate and the lower interest rates. And I do see some additional assets coming for sale, and obviously, we're trying to follow that lead. But I don't see a wholesale selloff. And in fact, I see several landlords reinvest in existing assets to upgrade their current portfolio, as opposed to taking them to the markets. So I don't see a rush to the exits in terms of sale. I see selective opportunities becoming available. Very hard for us to compete with the purchase of these existing assets, and that's why we focus on value add through development, as opposed to going out and trying to compete buying existing buildings.
Raymond A. Ritchey: We were actually the beneficiary with a major renewal. I think one of the reasons that DOJ renewed early and renewed for 15 years at 1301 New York was avoiding debt restructuring, avoiding debt consolidation. And they're very happy there, they're very happy with the current configuration. So they moved early and aggressively and renewed for 15 years to keep their current status in place. I think it has put a lot of people on the sidelines, on other buildings and other landlords. Our position with the GSA is in excellent shape. We were out in the front, and we were aggressive in our pursuit of both ODNI and DIA. And those are kind of poster childs for the consolidation because they were able to move into recently renovated buildings, become highly efficient and make long-term commitments. So that move has actually been benefiting BXP as opposed to hurting us.
