Owen Thomas: Yeah. So let me break that question down talk about sales and then talk about new investments. I think on sales I know on sales we're going to continue to sell non-core assets as we've done successfully, and I would say, fairly aggressively over the last few years and that's been always in the kind of a $100 to $300 million range. And then -- our core assets are not being sold but from time to time something opportunistic presents itself as it did with 540 Madison and we certainly want to take advantage of that. On the new investments. I'm not sure there's going to be a big change we are -- we will continue to not be purchasing stabilized assets in our marketplace which, I give these examples every quarter, and I can pick a deal or 2 out in almost every one of our cities that trades at a 4% cap rate and that's dilutive to what we're trying to do and those kinds of opportunities don't have the same growth that our development opportunity do so we're not focused on buying core assets. But relative to that interest rate environment and relative to that cap rate environment, we continue to add new developments through our pipeline that are approaching or at 7% cash yields, which we think are very accretive to shareholders, both from a NOI perspective and NAV perspective. And then lastly, on your question about JV partners, we are spending more time in the private capital markets, we are meeting new partners that we've entered into a number of joint ventures. Recently we -- I talked about platform 16. That decision is really more about our willing -- our ability to fund. As we mentioned, we don't want to issue our equity given our share price. We don't want to increase our leverage, given where we are with the economy. So if our investment pipeline exceeds our financial resources given those constraints that's when the financial private equity partners get introduced and that's been our logic on.
Owen Thomas: Manny we've answered this question in the past. Let me talk a little bit about the building and then I'll talk about the pre-leasing. So as Doug described, there is a lot of activity, a very positive activity in the marketplace both from new requirements from tech companies but also more traditional companies relocating. We've been very encouraged by the level of activity that we're seeing and we've been very encouraged by how the market has been receiving our offering. It's an exciting building and again it's being well received. We won't start the property without a very significant pre-lease. We are not going to state a specific number.
Owen Thomas: There is nothing broader going on. The reason I didn't talk about LA this quarter mainly it was because we are --- all we're doing right now is the large renewal discussions and we have very little available space and interestingly I think the one thing about the Santa Monica Business Park, which by the way is we're all that space came from is that we're actually seeing lower transaction costs than we anticipated, because we're talking about basically five to seven year renewals, which probably is the right thing for us given the relative issues associated with the ground lease and the repositioning of the property.
Owen Thomas: Our interaction with Snap that the Santa Monica is our business park is that there, they're going to sequentially through all of their must take space and they're building it out and occupying it.
Owen Thomas: No, it hasn't impacted our cash NOI. Apple is at the very, late at latter stages of opening the store. And I think we're excited about what that's going to do not only for the retail, but for the environment on the corner of 59th Street and 5th Avenue, which has been a rather laborious construction site for the past couple of years and we're excited to have it all come to a conclusion.
Owen Thomas: Right now we expect Under Armour to take possession of the space sometime in early 2020 and there we expect that there'll be working on their plans and opening hopefully before the end of the year. But we -- again that we're just -- we're not aware specifically what their timing is and how that vis-a-vis deals with their product launches and their store openings and their seasonal issues. So we just don't know.
Owen Thomas: So I'll start and I will let John comment. I would say that the reason that you're not hearing me be more bullish than I was last quarters because the tenants that we're talking to last quarter are the same times we're talking to this quarter there aren't any additional ones. And so things are just sort of being drawn out. Our assumptions for the revenue pickup for that building assume a pretty prolong lease up, which is why we extended out the stabilization last quarter to sometime in 2021.
Owen Thomas: I think, it's a good question. I think, look, there is, as I mentioned in my comments, I think there is very significant capital available for commercial real estate generally some of that is interested in office. And then even among that demand not all of it will go into development, some of it's more core, core plus, some of it is more value add and some of it wants development. So you have to kind of parse it but there's clearly interest in development. Our view is on a project like Dock 72 excuse me on Platform 16 that we're bringing in the joint venture partner, in that case we recently bought the site and we bought it entitled so we paid for entitled site. So that risk is not there. So the risk is in the leasing. So I think what you'll see in those kinds of deals is the joint venture partners are introduced more or less at our basis because they're taking the same risks along with us. If we had a development site that that we had owned for a long time and we had guided and entitled and we had done some of the pre-leasing and we decided to introduce a partner, we would expect to bring that partner at a higher basis, because a lot of the risks had been mitigated and we had created the value and we would expect to be paid for that upfront. I would say most of the JV partners that we're talking to in development they probably don't want to come in at the, I would call the venture capital stage, which is when both the project needs, both entitlement and tenants. I think they are more interested in coming in later stages of these projects.
Owen Thomas: Yeah, no, we want to grow in LA. We're happy with the footprint that we have, but we definitely want to grow it and make LA more in line with our other regions in terms of size and market presence. So but it was as we've been saying, we're going to do it in a disciplined fashion where each deal has to make money for shareholders. We're not going to just grow for growth sake. John Lang and his team in LA are actively looking at most of the deals that are in the marketplace that fit our portfolio and fit our criteria, but to my point earlier about lower interest rates and flows of capital, it's hotly competitive and it's very difficult to find things that we think makes sense. We have expanded our footprint outside of Santa Monica. We are looking at things in Beverly Hills, in Culver City, and El Segundo in other West LA markets of that nature. We continue to hope to be able to, we kind of been describing it as we want to try to do a deal a year and you know it's a very informal goal, but it's a goal and we continue to hope to do that in 2019 and but whether we're able to accomplish that yet right now is a little bit undetermined.
Owen Thomas: I would just add that there is several million square feet of tenants looking in downtown San Francisco and in the Mission Bay Area. And I would bet that both of those projects will be gone within the next 18 months or so from a leasing standpoint.
Owen Thomas: Okay. I think that concludes our remarks and concludes all the questions. Thank you very much for your attention and interest in Boston Properties, have a good day.
Doug Linde: Sure. So, this is Doug. The reality of the situation, just to be perfectly blunt, is that the space at 399 is in a sale condition. And so, if we do at least today in all likelihood there won't be a build out for a significant period of time in 2020 but net -- the space that is available today and the space that is rolling over in the General Motors Building would have a positive contribution of about $27 million and we currently have $13 million from that pool of assets today. So you can divide by 12 months and figure out what -- how you want to think about that. And then the other major exposure we have is we have, I said this before, in excess of 0.5 million square feet of known expirations in our restaurant portfolio in the beginning of 2020 and the average rent is about $50 a square foot. So you can put a number of about $25 million on that. So there is a higher probability of us getting some of that back sooner, because we have tenants that are in some of that space that are expanding and we have some -- we have space that is currently build out and ready for occupancy and therefore we can recognize revenue earlier. So that's, those are the sort of the 2 big building block. One more thing, and the other thing which is important is that we have cash revenue at 1590 East 53rd Street and because that's when our leases they have to start, but they have been delayed in their planning and their construction documents for the 195,000 square feet and you'll notice in our, our supplemental, we pushed out the stabilization date because we just were a little unsure as to right now as to when they're going to complete their build out of that space, and so that will impact our 2020 numbers off.
Doug Linde: And Craig, the other thing I would say about joint ventures, particularly with development is that we are creating significant value and we are not doing this on a Perry pass through pro rata basis. We are putting ourselves in a position where, to the extent that we're successful we're being paid for that success in one form or another. So the old -- old story or the old challenge is would you rather have 10% of an asset that's yielding 25% return or drive a 100% of an asset that's yielding 10%. Right. And if you could do the same amount of the 25% obviously rather do that, but you can't. And so we think long and hard about JVs and the ability to put ourselves in a position where we can enhance our return on equity for the shareholder. But if, in fact, we're going to use 3rd-party capital and we're going to be a great fiduciary for institutional investors.
Doug Linde: Sure, so we're 200 West Street is likely to start in the 3rd -- 3rd or 4th quarter. And that is going to be about a 12 month project to complete the base building work and as well as the TI work and so that's a 2019-2020 project. We're also getting back on 195 West Street in August or September of this year. And that's another asset that is being looked at hard for lab usages and depending upon how quickly and how committed we are with the order West we will probably start that one as well and then we also have some space up at Bay Colony that is available and it potentially has the opportunity to be lab converted as well. Interestingly, we had a lab conversion that was done a number of years ago and that tenant was called Juno Therapeutics and they chose to sublet the space we actually recaptured it and released it and got a $20 premium from the existing tenant that was rolling over. So we clearly have a demand opportunity in the Waltham suburbs for these kinds of assets that will work very effectively and efficiently for both the lab and offices.
Doug Linde: So my view is and I'll let John express his and it may be slightly different is that there is the demand growth is what is going to result in as a I quicker opportunity for there to be growth in the market, but there is not growth in the market today. So we are not asking or receiving any more or less than we were receiving six months ago at 399 Park Avenue, or the General Motors Building, it's still a competitive market and as the move-outs occur there will be more availability. But there is no question that the reduction of the new supply or the highly well -- well regarded renovated supply has diminished and so rent for new construction and for those types of assets are going up. John.
Doug Linde: Sure. I'll make a brief comment and then I'll let Bob Pester give you his view as well. So my view from the cheap seats in Boston is that there is a significant amount of demand from the technology tenants in San Francisco and manifested itself in 2 transactions. And I think we're a little bit surprising where it when Pinterest in salesforce.com both took space in significant blocks on buildings that weren't yet entitled and so there are, there are a number of requirements out in the market today and there are no blocks of space. And Mission Rock and Pier 70 are both good locations there, a little bit further SKU from the central core, but there also phase projects not big projects I sort of on a one-off basis. And I think many of these tenants are looking for larger blocks of space in bigger tickets, at one time. So we feel really comfortable with the relative de minimis amount of new construction that potentially could be put into play and with the sites in Central some of it has been approved. 4th, in Harrison, when it gets approved. And then the sites that the port control. Bob.
Doug Linde: And John, so I'm not -- I'm not going to give you a specific number on our cost at 3 Hudson Boulevard, suffice to say that it's significantly more than $1100 of square foot, which is what the 540 Madison Avenue building sold for and I don't so, I don't really -- I don't think there's any correlation between the cost of one and this sell the other. I do think that the market demand for 3 Hudson Boulevard, on a relative basis is more than the market demand for what I would refer to as moderately price but well positioned Plaza District properties. So we think that the high-end is where the demand is going to be more fertile for us from a growth perspective. And so as we thought about what the by 540 profile would be from a growth perspective is own alluded to, we decided was muted relative to the other things that we have opportunities to continue to invest our capital in both existing assets and new product and greater Manhattan.
Doug Linde: I would say that anything is possible. I would say that we were, we were late to the game, which is something that we've admitted to in the past, we had the opportunity to be in one of the sites that for various reasons we chose not to do and retrospectively, it was the wrong decision.
John Powers: Yeah. We have a good action on trade 399. We've got some proposals and some people going back and forth. Some of it for 4.5 or a 4. So I think we'll make progress on that this year. GM we have a number of prospects for this space, some of them are looking hard at the market and this is a little more supply in the market on the high end then there has been in the past. Thanks everyone.
John Powers: This is John. I would just say the store is spectacular when it opened you all have to come to see it. It's going to be amazing.
John Powers: Yeah, leasing activity is very good in the market, but we still have excess supply coming on and as Doug said there is a preference in the market clearly for new product or a renovated product. So we have, we're having a little bit of a skewed situation in the market with the availability rate pretty constant, but different supply characteristics in different types of products. Net right now net, we haven't seen prices move up with that we are holding and there are limited opportunities in the market when tenants look for space. If a large law firm is looking for space now in Midtown let's say 400,000 square feet or so that maybe have one alternative or two alternatives. So still limited supply in certain areas and strong leasing velocity.
Mike LaBelle: I don't necessarily think it was the same expenses that were delayed last quarter, but it is typically this R&M item that our property management teams have I think they're just conservatively projected these things. And then I think the time of year, when most of the stuff gets done is kind of later in the year third quarter is a very, big period for that. So I would think that the third quarter expenses are seasonally higher anyway. And I think that much of this will be pushed into the third quarter. However, I think that some of it may drip also into the fourth quarter, but I do expect it all to get done in 2019. So I don't expect to see kind of savings associated with some of the stuff just dropping off.
Mike LaBelle: And obviously the space has to be built out, so recognize revenue on those future tenants until they build out their space. So we work is building out their space now so we will get some incremental benefit in 2020 from that space, but other space would need to be leased and built out. So Doug says we've kind of elongated the revenue projections for some of that.
Mike LaBelle: So, sure, absolutely. So obviously our AFFO improved this quarter and last quarter it was obviously the coverage was less because we had so much absorption of space. Last quarter, it was just a huge quarter. And it showed up in the leasing costs because of the pure kind of square footage of space that we had. Last year our AFFO was $443 a share. That was an increase over 2017. And we still expected to increase this year. We've got the cash same-store growth coming in, we've got incremental cash revenue from our developments. I think that the FAD should be somewhere in the 80% plus or minus kind of range. And if you think about kind of where the pieces are if you look at our leasing costs year-to-date it's $160 million that is probably more than half of what we will experience for the year, we can, because the first quarter was so high. I think that the rest of the year will be a little bit lower and maybe we're somewhere in the $250 to $270 million range for the year on leasing costs. We gave the non-cash rents in our guidance, which is $105 to $120 million and we think recurring capex is somewhere in the $90 to $100 million range. And then if you kind of look at the rest of the adjustments which are stock comp and then other non-cash items you get adjustments of to our AFFO of somewhere in the high 300 so you're talking about an AFFO of somewhere in the $460 to $480 type of range which is again higher than last year, which is $443.
Mike LaBelle: So look, we've -- we've made a debt on the Silicon Valley from a development perspective. We have the site at Platform 16, we have the site at in --which is another $1.5 million, we have a site in Peterson way, which is 650,000 square feet and we have our site at the station at a station in North first which is somewhere between $1 million and $3 million. And so we're very optimistic about the continued growth of these larger technology companies and when Verizon sells the Yahoo campus and leases and 650,000 square feet and the buyer is Google, which is more growth, I think it's just indicative of what is going on down there. And as I said, we saw the folks from Uber take 300,000 square feet and we are -- we are very aware of other active CBD headquartered companies looking in the valley for big blocks of space and then there are a number of large Valley headquartered companies that are continuing to grow. Apple is continuing to grow. Facebook is continuing to grow. There are a number of others. And so we're just, we're optimistic about the ability for the sites that we have which are relatively speaking very close to public transit and the on station site and the Caltrain has being the attractive places for those tenants to be looking for large cool campus environments. And so -- that we describe, when we talk about what we have coming forward. On the $3.2 billion plus the $400 million. They don't describe that that's going to be put in service at 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue. So where we have a lot of growth in front of us and a significant portion of it is in downtown in San Jose.
Mike LaBelle: Yeah, no, I mean, looked at, we think that there -- that the pro formas that we bought the land at penciled and the rents are higher than the pro forma. So it's -- for us the question is how much pre-leasing do we want, do we want to build some of it on a speculative basis, what's the absorption is going to be? Those are the questions we're asking ourselves.
Ray Ritchey: Hey, Alex. But we are seeing is not so much incremental demand in the district. The district is still pretty much of a policy focused type of environment where we're really seeing the increased demand is from both the government space, consumer, but more importantly, the general contractors in that market that as Doug alluded to in our 25 years addressed. And we have never seen the level of both existing tenant expansion and new leasing in the Dallas Corridor and very limited supply the Tysons is a little more restricted in terms of access and in terms of the parking costs and -- County to the west is being totally absorbed with data centers, and as a result those of us, we have great assets in the Dallas Corridor between those two markets are really experiencing a revival in demand from our core tenants which is the corporate user and the defense contractor.
Ray Ritchey: Well, we are seeing -- we are seeing some incremental GSA leasing that we just renewed that large tenant, we're seeing continued growth, with new deals downtown, but that's really the private sector, driving the demand in Washington, DC, right now.
Ray Ritchey: So let me -- let me answer first about the demand in the Dallas Corridor. That's the primary focus because that's number one where the tech employees live and number 2, that's where major defense and cyber commands are located. And we're seeing a move John to a flight to quality, because all these defense contractors and cyber guys have to recruit the best possible talent. And going to a greenfield suburban office park is not going to be it. So the demand for monitise space like in Reston Town Center, again, as I said is probably the strongest I've seen in 25 years.
