Douglas Linde: So let me answer the first three parts of your question, and then we'll let Hilary answer the fourth. So we're designing the building. The building hasn't been designed yet. We are not in a position to discuss the economics of the development or the returns. Clearly, the capital markets are different than they were, so the return thresholds necessary to rationalize putting capital into building are going to be higher than they would have been in 2019 or 2020. I will let Hilary talk about the demand side.
Douglas Linde: And Blaine, I would just make the following sort of analytic comment. And the IRR is dependent upon, obviously, what the cash flow looks like, but they're still very dependent upon what your expectations are for the future. And so we are not smart enough to be able to read the minds of our potential partners and how they're thinking about what they view as the capitalization rates in 10 years, 8 years, 15 years and how much growth they're viewing is going to be in the underlying rents of the buildings that we might be offering to them. So it's really hard to sort of get into their minds. As Owen said, it's a lot higher than it was in 2019. But we don't know if it's higher because they've lowered their expectations for those residual cap rates, they've lowered their growth rates on their rents or some combination. But it's not an easy question to answer.
Douglas Linde: So Steve, this is Doug. So the answer at the moment is we haven't focused on not building the project that we currently have. And the project we currently have is three commercial premier workplace buildings. Clearly, we have a platform in a parking structure that is going to be able to hold three large suburban office buildings on it.  So the platform would allow for something other than that. But at this point, we believe in the location, we believe in the rationalization of transportation through the Caltrain, which is why we easily picked this location in the first place. We believe in what eventually the user who owns most of the land around there will build. And so we're not pushing towards doing something different at this moment. But fundamentally, we looked at the market and said, 2024 is pretty quickly coming and owning a building that's going to deliver in that marketplace probably given the availability of other buildings around there is not going to be the best use of our capital today.  So we're just going to hold off and let the market recover some more and deliver at the appropriate time. And that's the fundamentally the decision that we made today. Rod or Bob, I don't know if you'd like to add into that.
Douglas Linde: And again, everything that we currently have on that development pipeline that is not yet leased is almost finished. So there is no such thing as a delay of these projects. Relative to our future development, I mean, again, 343 Madison is future development. And as I said, where our return expectations is higher than it would have been in 2019 or 2020. So if we -- if and when we start those buildings, we would hope that we're going to have an economic opportunity to achieve the kind of returns that are necessary to rationalize an incremental amount of capital going into those new assets.
Douglas Linde: Yes. So welcome back, Caitlin. So the -- when we had our call during the first quarter, we had about 900,000 square feet of what I referred to as our leases in negotiation. And so as we enter the third quarter, that number was over 1.1 million square feet. So I'd say, as I said, a modest acceleration in that.  And we are comfortable with our embedded expectations of somewhere just over 3 million square feet for the year. So I would say quarter to quarter to quarter, it's going to be really what we anticipated. And I'm guessing the third quarter will be slightly better than the second quarter and the fourth quarter will depend upon how many early renewal conversations occur for 2024, 2025 lease expirations because again, as we get closer and closer to the end of the year, the leasing activity is generated from those types of conversations with our clients.  So we're constructive. I mean, as Owen said, the tech demand particularly on the West Coast, has not really started to materialize. And so -- and that was a big volume generator for all of the companies that are in our product mix. We don't anticipate that changing in 2023, probably not in 2024. So our comparisons to the prior years, we think, will be muted because as Owen said, we are -- we believe we are in an office recession relative to our clients.  And so there's not likely to be a massive acceleration in leasing activity. Again, we're going to capture market share because of our asset quality and our teams and their propensity to be creative about figuring out how to solve client problems, which will add to our occupancy, but the general market is not going to be what it was in 2022.
Douglas Linde: So I'll answer the second question first. Yes, it's going to be modest, but it's yes. I'm not sure what you mean by lease rate. If you're talking about the amount of leasing that we are doing on a quarter-by-quarter basis compared to the previous years, it's going to be down for every quarter in 2023 relative to 2022. And that's why we -- I mean, again, we did build-to-suits in 2022 that we're not doing in 2023, including almost 1 million square feet just in Cambridge with AstraZeneca and the .  So again, the -- we're doing a lot more leases in terms of numerical number of transactions, but the check size is obviously smaller because of the nature of what the demand is coming from and which is small professional services and law firms and the financial services firms that I described before. So I -- we feel good about our pipeline of activity on a relative basis, first quarter, second quarter to third quarter to fourth quarter of 2023. And again, it's going to be within the construct of the embedded earnings projections that we provided, which is somewhere in the neighborhood of 3-plus million square feet space.
Douglas Linde: So I'm going to try and truncate the -- my answer to this. I'm not going to talk about all the things that and [indiscernible] talk about on their calls relative to sort of overall large-scale demand in life science and particularly biotech relative to gene therapy and all sorts of new discoveries that are going on. If you simply look at where the money is going and where it was, the amount of capital that was put into the life science market from a VC perspective had an enormous spike in 2019, '20 and '21, and it was way outsized.  And if you look at what's going on in 2023, it's pretty normalized and slightly higher than where it was in, call it, 2014 to 2019. And so I would say that there is lots of available capital, but the capital is being very thoughtful, and it's taking advantage, quite frankly, of dramatic drops in valuations for companies that were funded by people who probably shouldn't have given them capital and gave it to the valuations that were not appropriate for whatever the discovery was in the stage of those businesses.  So we believe -- and we believe we will see this, what I refer to as sort of small life science demand continue in the marketplace, the issue is that there are not a lot of big demand drivers other than some 1 or 2 consolidations that are occurring with some pharma companies that have acquired some medicinal biotech companies over the last few years and are starting to put those requirements together in both South Francisco and in the greater Boston marketplace.  But you hit on the sort of the issue, which is there's more supply. And when that money was going into the sector, lots and lots of people who had property said, "Aha. This is the perfect way for me to solve the problem of lack of demand in the office side. I'm going to take this building and convert it or I'm going to take this land and build a new building."  And we're going to have to deal with the rather a large amount of supply that's going to be in the marketplace for the next couple of years. And it is clear that there are winner locations and there are loser locations, and these ecosystems matter a lot.  And so we think that we are really well positioned with our particular assets in terms of their locations both in South San Francisco at 651 Gateway as well as the two Waltham properties that we have under development on the Totten Pond Road interchange which is where the sort of cluster of the larger life science requirements have gone to over the past 3 or 4 years.  And so we believe we'll lease these things up. Are the economics going to be what we had hoped, they're not. And I said this before, we're going to have to do more turnkey installations for these companies as supposed to give them an allowance and then putting their own money in. But we will deal with that. And we have the capital to do that, which again, many of I believe, are competitors with product may or may not have the desire or the capability of doing.  So we're going to get these buildings leased as the demand comes. The demand is going to get better, not worse. And we just -- it's going to take a little bit of time. I can't give you a projection of whether it's 12 or 24 months, but that's the way we're thinking about it.
Owen Thomas: Well, Michael, I think on IRRs, as I mentioned in my remarks, there's just not very many deals out there that are happening. I mean, on this call, every quarter, I try to give a spectrum of the deals that got completed. And frankly, it's really hard to find things right now. So look, I think in the premier workplace segment, overall, the IRRs where transactions were occurring before interest rates went up was probably in the 6s and today, even though there's not many data points given the capital is more expensive. They've clearly gone up 100 basis points or more, I would say. But again, that's conjecture. As it relates to buybacks, as we have been saying, we think our stock represents a tremendous value opportunity. But we also have uses for the capital, our development pipeline and opportunities that may present themselves. And so we have elected not to pursue a buyback program at this time.
Owen Thomas: Well, I mentioned in my remarks that we're looking at dispositions and joint ventures with our residential assets and also our leased development properties. And I think those two asset categories would probably represent the least impacted in our portfolio in terms of increasing cost of capital and cap rates. So I think the residential asset segment today is more liquid than office. There are no premier workplaces selling, but it's certainly more liquid in office. So we're going to evaluate those opportunities. And we're also evaluating opportunities in our leased development pipeline.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So -- it's Owen. Most of the balance of what we have is leased. So the big projects are the ones that we have in East Cambridge and one is fully leased faster. The other is fully leased by road. 360 Park Avenue South and other one, we're actually having some very constructive dialogues on that property and have a letter of intent with a client for part of the building. So I think the Platform 16 was rather unique circumstances given the amount of sublease space that's been put on the market in the Silicon Valley/San Jose area made us feel that -- and it was a completely speculative project with no pre-leasing. That brought us to the decision that Doug described.
Owen Thomas: So Vikram, I'll answer it this way. NAVs are hard -- they're based on a lot of judgments that Doug talked about earlier, which are what is your assumption on rent growth and residual cap rate and all these things. So I think the simplest way to think about it is what is the -- what does BXP's look through cap rates. And today, that is around 8.25%. I did highlight one premier workplace that sold in the Silicon Valley and its cap rate was 6.1%. I can't tell you what the proper look-through cap rate is for BXP's assets, but I don't think it's 8.25%. And so I think that it does represent significant value. Look, I think we are always going to be interested in looking at expanding in the premier workplace segment in the Life Science segment and in the residential development segment. And that's one of the reasons why we have the liquidity that we have, and we're so focused on our balance sheet because we want to have capital available during this time -- available to make these kinds of investments. And we're going to stay actively involved in our markets, looking for them.
Owen Thomas: Our -- the way we operate is strategically, we set a perimeter, which are the 6 markets that we're in and the way the capital gets allocated is bottoms up. So what deals arise in those locations that make the most sense for our shareholders and we execute on them. So we pay attention to the top line, what's the contributions from the different markets, but we think it's very important to be nimble and opportunistic as we think about allocating capital across those regions. There have been shifts over time. If you look at the last 5 years, there's clearly been a shift of capital and allocation out of the CBD of Washington, and that would be a change that I would point out. So that's the way we operate the business from a capital allocation standpoint.
