John Powers: No, I think you have it Doug. On the Madison comment, as you said there is a big timing difference, 550 is vacant now, and the MTA site has to go through the whole Euler process, so their objective is to have that done when East site access comes, which is 2021, it’s a long way from now.
John Powers: No, I mentioned on the last call that we had this in August and the beginning of September when the equity markets had a lot of jitters and spread and widened in the bond market. And we had the same thing happen in January, but it didn’t stick with leasing market in the fall and I don’t think it’s going to stick with the leasing market now. Certainly on the high-end financial hedge funds et cetera, they’re very, very close to that market and when there is issues there they have concerns.
John Powers: We’re not bidding on the Penn Station redevelopment. We looked at it carefully, there is two opportunities, one is Penn Station and the other is the Fairway Building. It’s very complex, both of them are very complex. Penn is primarily exclusively a retail play and Fairway has a combination of retail, probably some hotel and office, but it’s very complex. And as I said, we analyzed carefully and decided not to participate.
Bob Pester: Yeah, it’s a big site. They’re looking for approximately $300 million, it’s not a bad site. We think the site that we purchased is a smaller and more manageable and closer to the center of activity. The Yahoo site has been on the market for quite some time, so that will tell you how many buyers are out there for a $300 million site.
Bob Pester: Yeah, in San Francisco, I mean, right now in addition to Salesforce Tower there is the 181 Fremont project in Block 5, which is under construction. I don’t see anything else coming out of the ground that’s entitled in the Central SoMa district or the SoMa district or the Downtown any time soon, so that’s the main competition that we have. Mission Bay does have the Kilroy project that's under construction. But we really don’t think that anyone that’s going to be looking at that project is going to be looking at our project at Salesforce Tower. And then down in Valley, there is numerous projects that are under construction and planned several million square feet and we think that will offer opportunities for tenants to expand in and temper the vacancy rate somewhat from a standpoint of possibly increasing. But in San Francisco overall there is the very little competition that’s going to come into play in Prop M, obviously is going to have an impact on future development because there is nothing that’s being resolved on Prop in one way or another and I don’t see anything getting resolved on it in the near future.
Bob Pester: Yeah, I think that's a bunch of baloney, Steve. We haven’t seen after the years we’ve been in this marketplace where some mega deal happens that nobody knew about.
Bob Pester: Yeah, I’ll just add, I think the housing prices in the Silicon Valley have anything to do with the growth, I think all the growth is organic growth where they’re growing and getting bigger. If they were looking about residential values they would move to the East Bay, because that’s the cheapest housing in the Bay area.
Doug Linde: So, the challenge with our pre-leasing spreads is that they’re so dependent upon the particular portion of the portfolio that’s rolling over at any one time. So we may have a quarter where we have much more significant growth and then we may have a quarter where we have a much more muted perspective because of the specifics associated with – again the granularity of that. In general, the dominant quarter is relative to its San Francisco rollover, the higher that numbers will be because on average there is – it is probably somewhere around 50% or 55% mark-to-market on virtually everything that we are doing in Embarcadero Centre, so as that gets a larger portion of each particular quarter that’s what’s driving it, and then I think the second area would be our New York portfolio at new General Motors building where we have significant embedded upside, so when those things rollover into the market you’re going to see a much higher number and then our Cambridge portfolio where there is a significant embedded upside, those are the sort of three portions of the market, where when they hit the statistics in any one quarter they will push it in the right direction.
Doug Linde: I wish I could give you specific number, I just can’t because it’s really dependent upon the granularity, there is not much in the way of roll up on our CBD portfolio. So if 100% of that was occurring in anyone typical quarter it will be more muted.
Doug Linde: I mean, I think that the amount of debt we will be able to get will be at least equal to what is there and it will all be senior. We won’t need the used mezzanine debt to get to that level. The cash flow that property has grown pretty dramatically over the last 10 years that we owned it, as we’ve rolled up rents pretty consistently over that timeframe and there is still – it’s still under rented from a lease rate perspective. So from a debt underwriting perspective, lenders will be comfortable with the cash flow characteristics and the future cash flow characteristics, it’s obviously a large loan. So that’s the biggest challenge with it, is that the current financing is $1.6 billion, it’s naturally going to be good for the CMBS market, CMBS market can easily handle a loan of that size typically, but that market has been a little more volatile over the last six to nine months.  Although I would say that most of the volatility is when you start to get into the higher leverage points, so when you’re talking about a loan that is 40% to 50% leverage, that market is more -- is a better place to be today than if you’re talking about a loan that is 60% to 65% leverage. So we could finance this loan today in the CMBS market based upon the leverage point that we have. The existing loan is indicative of bunch of banks and insurance companies, so it’s also possible to execute in that type of environment where you would have somebody help you put together a large syndicate. So I think there is a couple of different ways for us to tackle this, it doesn’t expire until the end of 2017, so obviously there is time, but we’re – we’ve put in some hedges for about a third of the exposure at this point. So that’s kind of where I see that standing.
Doug Linde: So that debt on a cash basis is 6% debt. On a GAAP basis because of the – when we consolidated this thing the GAAP debt is about 3%. I would say the CMBS market today for 50% financing is somewhere in the high 3s to 4.25, and as you go leverage say towards 60% and kind of get into that 4.5 level, so that’s a significant reduction I would see from a cash interest basis based upon current interest rates.
Doug Linde: Sure, so the 888 Boylston Street is a 17 storey building and floors three through 11, and floors 15, 16, and 17 are already committed and leased, and so we have four floors left and I think we have strong interest in the building from anyone who comes to the building and looks at it because the design and development group here have created a building that is paramount to the most sustainable, exciting, innovative building that the City of Boston has ever seen. And the issue is that we’re going to – we’re looking for premium rent, and so the number of tenants that are prepared to pay a premium rent is a smaller number than the average of the marketplace, and so we have to be patient with regards to the progress that we’re going to make at least in that space, as what our expectations are.
Doug Linde: Yeah. The large tenants in the building are coming into the building from a rent commencement in 2017, I think there is about 75,000 square feet that could hit the fourth quarter with the top three floors.
Doug Linde: We’ve heard there is a couple of Silicon Valley users that have looked at Block 5, they have a no commitment. 181 is a smaller – a much smaller floor plate building, so whether that appeals the tech remains to be seen. I can only talk from the standpoint of the activity that we’re seeing at Salesforce Tower and we continue to do tours weekly and presentations weekly and we continue to exchange paper proposals within it, you know we hope in the next – by the next quarterly call that we’ll have done hopefully another 100,000 square feet in leases.
Doug Linde: I will take a crack at it and then Peter can add to it. Well we lack in DC that you hear in the other markets are kind of unexpected demand drivers. Right now, we’re still pre-dominantly lease expiration driven market, so we’re going to look in advance and see where the demand is coming from, from existing tenants and thus match up relative supplies, is pretty equal. We’re not going to see a tremendous increase in vacancy, nor are we going to see a tightness, it’s a pretty balanced picture right now, but what we really need is for the election to take place, clear the slate and look at some technology and some other demand drivers coming to the marketplace. Until that additional demand comes, we’re going to be pretty status-quo market. Peter, do you have anything to add. 
Doug Linde: Sure. Let me take a quick stab at that, Steve, because it’s a fair question. So the good news is that the occupancy number you're describing and the contribution from the properties that the occupancy number is significantly underweighted. In other words, if it were leased, it’s the relative rent that it would achieve is de minimus relative to the rents that we are achieving in our CBD property. So as an example, the Washington DC vacancy is in our VA 95 product, and it’s interesting, it’s actually the first time in the 20 some odd years that we’ve been a public company we’ve had significant availability in that particular park, but the net rents that we are achieving here are $13 a square foot. The big pieces of availability in our portfolio are at Tower Center in New Brunswick, which is an excess of 300,000 square feet of that availability and then the property in South San Francisco at Gateway. So if you pull those three out, the VA 95, the Gateway and the Tower Center, we have a very different picture, but it is true that the majority of our challenge space is in the suburban marketplace.
Doug Linde: I mean, Alex, just if you take Salesforce Tower rate, it’s 1.4 million square feet and if average gross rent in there is in the mid-80s, we are talking about $150 and $120 million of additional revenue, which is a significant jump in the overall percentage that San Francisco will have when the building is fully in service in 2018 or early 2019. I also think that – and I think we’ve been pretty consistent in our description of this, which is we're a demand oriented company. We are looking to serve those users who are growing and where the demand is been generated. And to the extent that there is more demand and users that are sort of technology oriented and it happen to be in the West Coast. We’re going to see everything we possibly can to service those companies. On other hand, New York City and the Boston and the Cambridge marketplace is in to some degree Northern Virginia also have a pretty interesting feature demand pool that we are going to try and serve as best we can as well. And so I think that we are going to be aggressive about making investments in all of those places where we think there is an opportunity there to find tenants who are growing and we are looking for high quality office space.
Doug Linde: Yeah, I mean if you look at the activity in the Silicon Valley in 2015, the work what went on in San Francisco.
Doug Linde: And I would also just add, we are interested in continuing to grow our residential portfolio, primarily through development. And if you look at our active pipeline and our pre-development pipeline, we have a number of projects that we anticipate, under construction now where we anticipate building, we talked a little about Reston, certainly in Cambridge, North Station; there are several examples to this around the company.
Doug Linde: One point I would like to make is we talked to some other major retailers about the experience of implementing paid parking and after the fact they actually noted an increase in sales of up to 10% of the retailers because the people who do come to the malls now find it way more convenient and as a result spend more time there and spend more dollars. So we view it as a great thing for our retailers and our office tenants and the income we get will certainly be helpful, but by no means the main driver.
Doug Linde: It actually hasn’t, the overall availability in San Francisco I think is under 6% right now. And I think what we’ve done is we’ve tried to price all of our product appropriately for the market, we are not striding to set record for the sake of setting records, where we think we are hitting the market bid and we are doing it pretty consistently because we’re acting a true, honest market price that both the tenant and the landlord feel good about. And so we’ve not seen any diminishing in our pricing component of our concession package and rental rate economics over the past three to four months.
Doug Linde: I would hope that it will be build-to-suit, but in 2023 we’ll be in a different environment, so we’ll see where we are when we get there.
Mike LaBelle: That’s already in our guidance and I think it’s a 25 that’s in 2016, and then a couple of those other floors are in the beginning of 2017, and then the anchor tenant is towards the end of 2017.
Mike LaBelle: So yeah, I’m happy to, you know our AFFO is going to be better than it was last year where we had a lot of pre-rent. So pre-rent last year was a well over $100 million, so this year’s pre-rent guidance is $40 million to $55 million, so that’s going to be a benefit to it. I mean I would say on a per share basis, the way we calculate FAD in our supplemental, we expect it to be similar in the $415 million to $440 million range. You’re talking – in order to meet our occupancy guidance that we’re going to have leasing cost of somewhere in the $150 million range, and CapEx of – on a recurring CapEx basis, somewhere $75 million to $90 million, which is pretty similar to last year, maybe a little bit higher.
Mike LaBelle: Was a short-term lease, and no, there is no anticipated vacancy. We just decided to stay short and kind of evaluate the overall positions as we go forward. That lease is actually – as Ray correctly stated to one year lease. However, the government invested about $40 million in technology and that building and for better or worse the nature of that Park, those one year leases are just the way they get allocated funding. So what they do is basically give you a one year deal and then nine one-year extensions. So we have every expectation that they are going to stay in that space.
Mike LaBelle: Actually we put the bulk of that investment in, and as Ray described it really was a plug-in play skiff with raised flooring all the way down to the desktop, computers and a 24 hour operating entity in there which was first SAIC and is now Leidos one of their successful entities with staff, help desk, 24x7. And as Ray indicated, what happened – having met with the director of logistics and facilities early in this part of the year – earlier this year rather, they’ve had a couple of security issues up there. There was a fidelity outside the base. There was obviously the Edward Snowden incident, and it has – I think scared them into moving certain requirements on base when they’ve been able to do that. We are in the process now with Leidos of throttling back, based on our conversations with the logistics folks from NSA. The level of services that we’ve been providing to a number that we can adjust the rent downward and take that part of the operating expense if you will. So where we’ve been leasing space there in the $120 to $130 range, we just did a deal at $95, which quite frankly if can continue to do deals with that rate, I think we can put the building back on a pretty sound footing.
Mike LaBelle: I think on the same-store side our hotel was down a little bit that drove it this quarter. The challenge is, it’s such a small portfolio that any kind of little change has an impact and also if you look at the residential page of our supplemental, the avenue is in one year and not in the other, so you really have to look at the same-store days, which is not as – it’s not as bad because that excludes the avenue, which was sold during the year. The Avant and the Atlantic Wharf property, retro-wharf, have both stayed very, very well occupied year to year and continue to improve.
Owen Thomas: I don’t it’s changed, but I do think it is shifting gradually. In terms of your question about the cycle obviously it’s difficult for us to predict exactly when the cycle will end and when we’ll have the next recession, there are number of people predicting it, in the near term, I don’t think we’re quite as concerned about a near term recession, but as I mentioned in my remarks growth is clearly slow and I think we anticipate that by continuing here for some period of time. But we’re not blind to the prospects of a recession in the – certainly in the medium term. And then, what I mean by saying a shift, I do think our thinking about launching new development is shifting. I think our pre-let requirement is higher, it’s difficult for us to say precisely that we need x percent for a building pre-let to launch it because it depends a lot on other factors, like where is the tenant coming from, what’s the size of the building, what’s the nature of the market at the time, so we don’t set those kinds of fixed hurdles. But I do think as we look at our portfolio and we look at projects that we want to launch a pre-let requirement is clearly required and I mentioned in my remark three projects that we’re looking at now for 2016, and we’re not going to launch any of them without some kind of significant pre-let.
Owen Thomas: We’ve been reticent to talk about the specific economics of the deal. We’ve talked in sort of big picture perspective about the income that’s been generated by the overall resale space in the past at the General Motors building. I think we’ve said in the past and if you could figure it out from our disclosure that the rent that FAO is paying was about $20 million a years and we think the number is significantly higher than that.
Owen Thomas: So Steve, it’s a great point. Just to debate we constantly have as a management team. And I described a lot of investor’s enthusiasm for real estate, but it’s primarily for lease buildings in our core markets and there is less investor enthusiasm for unleased buildings in suburban market. So, our tradeoff is – we don’t want to sell assets just to sell them at deeply discounted prices. We want to perform the real estate skill, lease the buildings, and get a proper price for them. And I would say if you go back and look at the asset sales that we’ve done, clearly we’ve done some of the large joint ventures on the urban assets, but mixed in with that, if you go back over the last couple of years, we have sold non-core assets in some of our suburban locations in Boston and in Washington DC. And also as Doug said, one of the things I just want to clarify when you talked about the Princeton vacancy, the Carnegie vacancy is – the Carnegie occupancy is 86% of all resident in that Tower Center as Doug described.
Owen Thomas: We’ve talked about this in the past and it hasn’t changed, but I want to just reiterate that. So all of the demand that we are seeing at Salesforce Tower is really lease expiration driven demand. I mean there maybe a couple of tenants that are in the market for a floor that have asked for a presentation, but it is a truly representative FIRREA-oriented group of tenants that are looking for high quality brand new visible state-of-the-art office space. So its brokerage firms, consulting firms, accounting firms, lawyers, investment professionals, asset managers, venture capitalists. That's sort of the laundry list of the type of users who are the most likely tenants to be in that building. Remember the first available floor is now 32, and so, you know, you're in the high-rise of high-rise office building in the clinical location in San Francisco.
Owen Thomas: So Alex, we certainly think about our portfolio mix and our balance across the various regions as we think about making new investments and buildings or in developments. And for that reason if you pro-forma-ed what we’re going to look like over the next few years, the San Francisco component of our overall results is going to grow materially, primarily driven by the sale – the delivery of the Salesforce Tower, but also by some of the other project that we delivered last year like 680, 690, 535 mission and so forth. So there has been a conscious effort and I think it’s going to continue to be a conscious effort that we're going grow our company is areas where there is the greatest tenant demand, which today is technology and life sciences. So, the answer to your question is, yes, but I would also say that the investment that we make are also opportunity driven. So, you know, our team in each of the regions work vigorously on identifying new investments, switching our development pipelines forward. And so that we think about a top-down the actual allocation are also driven by where the opportunity is opportunities present themselves.
Owen Thomas: So that concludes the questions and our formal remarks. Thank you for your time this morning and your interest in Boston Properties.
Ray Ritchey: I’ll be glad to take a crack at that, Steve. First of all, again, we only own 50% of those buildings with our partners the Goulds, and we are seeing the NSA demand be focused more back on the base as oppose to reaching out to satellite office location. And the MegaCenter which was the main driver for the Annapolis Junction project, they changes the use of that that was like a – it was like WeWork for spies. It was a scenario where people would come in and have temporary occupancy. Those requirements are also getting moved back on the base. So we are seeing a slowdown in the demand, but again our presence there is relatively small on a relative basis to the overall Boston Properties Enterprise.
Ray Ritchey: Yeah, basically, Erin, they seemed to be concerned about security now more than ever. So the outreach to – again, third-party space providers is not as great as it was before. We still have a strong presence there. We are pretty well occupied in the other buildings of the MegaCenter and Mike wants to talk about the debt, you can go ahead and ask questions to him.
Ray Ritchey: I’ll let Peter address that he’s away more political than I on those type of investments, so go ahead Peter.
