Douglas Linde: I would say that if you look at our Route 128 portfolio, that portion of the portfolio has actually outperformed the suburban marketplace in a very significant way. Some of our Route 3 properties, I would say, have been laggers and that's largely because companies from Cambridge and the companies that are being backed by the venture capitalists who are either located in the Waltham marketplace or down in the city or in Cambridge, tend to want to locate those companies close to the nexus of 128 and that site as possible. And our portfolio has sort of, I'd say, we have become more and more focused in our approach to where we have owned and we have put capital into our suburban capital so that I'd say 90% of our portfolio from a capital perspective is between Lexington and Waltham, and they're now Weston, with the 1 property down South, which is 140 Kendrick Street and that's really what our focus is in. And if there's going to be some culling, which there maybe, it would be the stuff that is sure to the north of 128, which is either in Bedford or in Andover or in Chelmsford, places like that.
Douglas Linde: I'd also note one other thing, Alex, which is when Wilmer Cutler went on their journey for space, they initially landed on a building on the Midtown west side, actually at Worldwide Plaza. And ultimately where I would say within a stones throw of doing a transaction there, and then were basically pushed aside for a larger tenant and we're unable to consummate a deal there and then look downtown. So it wasn't we want to go downtown for business purposes first, it was we weren't able to find what we were looking for from either a price or a space perspective in Midtown Manhattan and they ultimately went there on a secondary perspective.
Douglas Linde: So just sort of to add, just to sort of more practical Boston Properties perspective, which is we raised an awful lot of debt last year. We raised that debt because we liked where rates were. We didn't think rates were going down. And we are doing another $750 million, as Mike described. Again, we think that where rates are today is a good place to be borrowing. If we thought rates were going down, we would probably have a different perspective. We don't think rates are going down. There has been 120 to 150 basis-point increase in rates since we did our last bond deal. I don't think it has had any impact on cap rates for CBD office buildings in Washington, D.C., Boston, New York City or San Francisco. I think that the yield, the vacuum that appears to be all across the investment perspective is a bigger force in driving capital to real estate at the moment, and there are investors who are taking an exceedingly long-term perspective at least in terms of how they are underwriting and reviewing their acceptable yields on office buildings, single assets in places like New York City and Washington, D.C. because if they aren't, then we don't understand how things are being priced. And I think that has a lot to do with being comfortable that while over time, there will be an improvement in operating fundamentals that will be generated into changes in the cash flow for the good. They are prepared to live with what we would probably have considered 2 years ago to be abnormally low returns for an exceedingly long period of time, looking like a not a bad place to put capital when there are now banks who don't want to take deposits any longer and are not paying on dividend, as opposed to taking in deposits. It's just the perspective in terms of where the money flows are and where you can pick up yield are so unusual today that I think they are allowing interest rate rises to be ignored by people who are purchasing real estate and even people who are purchasing real estate with a significant degree of leverage.
Douglas Linde: Sure. I'll cover that one. As you probably recall, we went for a really, really long time with the revolver that was $600 million, actually $605 million, I think it was. We were very, very comfortable that level and operated just fine. The only reason we increased it to $1 billion was we were in 2008 and we saw the difficulty in the credit markets and we thought it was a pretty good idea since we had in this accordion feature to increase our sources of capital, which we did. We have analyzed our expected working capital needs and our strategies for funding things like redevelopment over the next few years and we feel like we've got good access out of capital markets, consistent access and diverse access. And that $750 million online line is plenty of size for us to deal with any kind of working capital we may have. We will expect to have another accordion feature so the extent that there is a demand from other institutions to provide us with that separate credit, we could increase it in the future. We expect to have that feature. But we thought $750 million was the right number.
Douglas Linde: I'll start and I'll let Mort jump in if he has something slightly different to add. I would say that when we look at our development program and the amount of return that we think we can generate from those developments on what I would consider, in most places, to be modest risk relative to what the leasing profile of those assets will be, relative to where the market is. We think that, that is a clearly much higher cash-on-cash current return and therefore much higher IRR and much higher total rate of return over a long period of time. At the moment, what we have seen come on the market from an acquisition perspective has been priced down to levels that are significantly lower than what we are describing in our development pipeline and I don't think that the risks are marginally lower for what those returns are. I think others are probably talking about the building on Seventh Avenue that is being sold, and there's an asset, or a yield of that is, I'm guessing slightly below 5% for an extended period of time, and we're talking more than 5 or more than 10 years, potentially, depending upon what tenants choose to do and that's seemingly the profile of many of the assets that we are seeing on the market today. Or we're assets in certain markets where the cost per square foot is in excess of what the replacement cost would be at least for us on sites that we might have that are tangentially close to where those buildings are and where we think we can generate hundreds of basis points more in return on an incremental cash-on-cash basis from the out of the blocks. My point being at Market Square, you look at that building and we look where it priced and we looked at what our development opportunity might be at 601 Madison Avenue and said, "well, we can build a building for a couple of hundred of dollars worth of less than this and we can generate a yield that's hundreds of basis points higher.” Hard for us to get excited about deploying capital into that asset at that time in the marketplace given what our opportunity says.
Douglas Linde: So the majority of the tenants that we are having conversations with in New York City are law firms who are making lateral moves because they have lease expirations. So you have a tenant who's got either 2012 or 2013 or 2014 lease expiration and they're trying to figure out what they should do. In some cases, they have the rights to extend for a period of time. So that a building like 250 West 55th Street can work and on in other cases they may have to do something sooner than that. And then there are some financial services institutions that are growing and so they are both some "typical" folds-bracket institutions that are having gone through what occurred between late 2007 and 2010 are starting to at least expand or thinking about expanding their footprint. And others who are going their businesses because they are changing the profile of what they are doing. And we are talking to those types of tenants and then interestingly enough, I think it's somewhat of a surprise there are some larger privately held financial institutions, hedge funds, asset managers, et cetera who are on the West side, who looking at what we have to offer at the top of the building and are saying, "Jeez, would Boston Properties consider doing a lease today at the top portion of the building?" And it is actually an interesting question that we are wrestling with which is, "Would we lease the space today or would we rather wait for that portion of the building to lease the space to smaller tenants, meaning, 7,500 worth per tenants, closer to when the building is being delivered and where we think the market will have strengthened." So that's sort of the profile of those institutions. But for the most part, the financial companies that were talking to have growth associated with them and the legal firms, unless they are the beneficiary of a practice group coming from someplace else, are clearly in a status quo or probably a reduction because of becoming much more efficient in the way they use the space.
Douglas Linde: So the improvements are worthless. We are working them out. The improvements were, I don't want to say a new installation, but a reuse of an older installation that this tenant has no interest in so they're starting from scratch. And I think the rents overall in our buildings on the upper east side, particularly on 53rd Street have all seen a similar increase both for at the bases as well as the top.
Douglas Linde: I would say that we are cognizant of the fact that there's certainly been to be a shift to, from a zoning perspective urban areas with there being multi-uses associated with the projects and that we are very comfortable doing residential, retail and office development at a similar time. So I don't think there's been a -- we've tried to shift our focus but that's sort of where the focus has been because that's where the zoning and the land use desire had been for most jurisdictions.
Douglas Linde: The type of assets that we're looking at, I think Mort was crystal clear on what our predilection would be. So it's Class A buildings in Class A locations. Obviously, you can't buy things that aren't for sale. There are some larger transactions that are everybody in the real estate community is sort of aware of that may or may not occur in 2011. And the markets that we are in, there are some large portfolios of assets that are owned by some private individuals that they may have an interest in doing something with and may not in 2011 that we're looking at. And then there is the one-off of broker sales that I am sure we will see additional volume in New York City and I'm sure we we'll see additional volume in Washington, D.C. probably not much in the way of in Boston or in San Francisco on the sort of single asset step-up size. And then as Mort said, there are other places where we're considering looking to make investments and if something happens in one of those places and if something works really well, we'll look there. But there's no definitive pipeline of assets that I can tell you. We have 3 deals we're working on and we think that are going to close in the next 6 months.
Douglas Linde: I think we are realistic about the acquisition opportunity, which is, as I sort of said in my prepared comments, the dam broke. There is money chasing assets like we were back in 2005, 2006 with lower yield expectations for what they think they can find acceptable in terms of overall returns. And it's making the competitive field associated with single-asset purchases very competitive from a pricing perspective. And if we can deploy capital into our developments so we can be more patient and find other places to put our money, we will do that. We're not simply going to grow just for the sake of growing. On the other hand, I guess I want to make this point because I think it's important. We don't care explicitly what the yield on an asset is going in. What we care about is what the long-term value potential is both in the cash flow growth as well as the appreciation of that asset over time. So we're not scared of what a low return and what it means on a short-term basis, if it's the right asset at the right place.
Douglas Linde: Jay, I think that, and I've been saying this for more than a year, I think that the reason assets are selling in the core markets has less to do with near-term debt maturities then overall valuation increases. And I think for the most part, the debt issues have taken care of themselves by having values appreciate to the point where the debt is no longer out of the money and controlling the equity where you actually have equity above the debt. And I think that most institutions are prepared to make loans today on large assets. The CMBS market has come back and you can do a large loan in the CMBS market. So I think this the ability to fund the refinancing of a maturity is much less of an issue than people thought it would be in the markets we're in, in San Francisco, Washington, D.C., Boston and New York. And so I think what we are seeing is more simply we think that the values have gone up, we think we can either find a "recapitalization" of the asset or a sale of an asset that makes sense for our business, and we're going to market for that asset. That's what's driving things.
Douglas Linde: Depends on the tenant. We may have a tenant for as little as 20%, we may have a tenant for as much as 50%. And it will depend on who steps up and who we're most comfortable with and what the timing of the dialogue is.
Douglas Linde: Sure. I would say that the concession packages in ascending order are San Francisco, Boston, Washington D.C. So you're actually getting a higher concession package in Washington, D.C. than you are in Boston or in San Francisco. You're getting a modest amount of free rent in each of those markets depending upon the tenant expiration that's sort of behind the transaction. But from a rental rate perspective, it's similar as well, they're lower in San Francisco, they're higher in Boston, and they're much higher in Washington, D.C. The face rents have been able to sort of maintain much closer to where they were pre-2008. And in fact in some cases have grown.
Douglas Linde: Well, our retail space is sort of in 3 different pockets. Pocket #1 is the Prudential Center and there's an insatiable demand for retail space there, we have no availabilities. And in some cases we're getting $70 triple net, in some cases we're getting close to $100 triple net for different spaces in the various places in the arcades. Then the second sort of location is the stuff that's in our first floor of our buildings and our CBDs. And I sort of refer to that as the stuff in Reston Town Center, the stuff in Washington, D.C. and the stuff in New York City. And I'd say, for the most part, we're seeing good activity. The Washington CBD is probably the weakest of those markets because it's mostly restaurants and restaurants come and they go. And then the third pocket of retail is at a market aero center [ph] and we're pretty static in a market aero center [ph] in terms of what we're seeing in demand. It's not a 24-hour mixed-use center. It's a 8:00 in the morning until 6:00 at night specialty retail and convenience retail for the users in the financial district. There continues to be consistent demand for that space but it is not vibrant.
Douglas Linde: Given the size of our balance sheet and the types of development that we're doing, I think if there was, we are so far away from it that it's not something that we would even think about.
Douglas Linde: Prior to 2000, we were almost 20%, and that was when we had a balance sheet that was probably 25% the size that we are today.
Douglas Linde: No. And if we could double the size of the program, I would say that it would be a very strong indication that the economy had recovered in a very significant way. Because what we are seeing is that the development that we are seeing today is very specific to certain submarkets where there is clearly not a replacement cost rent opportunity for development in the current marketplace. But in certain cases, you can do a build-to-suit, or in certain cases like 250 West 55th Street because of our basis and where we are, we are better off developing than sort of hoping the market continues to grow at a rate of return over each year and where we are, where we are.
Douglas Linde: No. Its currently a site that is probably a potential residential site. It doesn't have a floor plan at the moment that would be conducive to office tenants. Related and Boston Properties are still 50/50 partners in that development and I think that it will be longer than 2012 before something gets going there.
Douglas Linde: Thank you very much for joining us. We'll talk to you in June when we're at the NAREIT Conference and we look forward to whatever update we can possibly do in the next 30 days. But we'll give you what we know. Thanks. Bye.
Mortimer Zuckerman: I still think Midtown will be the preferred place by a wide margin. People who are going in downtown have a very different concern. One of them is the rents are going to be significantly lower and people are much more sensitive to that issue. And two is, there are a lot of -- downtown has become much more vibrant community, if I may say so, with a tremendous amount of activity in sort of the new technologies of our current era taking place there. New York City as a tremendous beneficiary of that, both the atmosphere of that place and the attraction of it for the kind of younger people in the world of technology and it's where they want to work. So I think that portion of it is definitely going to be for the benefit of the downtown area. However, it’s still much less accessible in certain many important ways for a lot of the people whom we generally tend to cater to in the Midtown area and particularly in the best buildings in the Midtown area. I don't think there's going to be that much an effect on our real estate, but I think it will -- what you are referring to definitely will have some effect on the overall Midtown market. We still think all the major users are, by and large, going to stay in the Midtown area for all kinds of reasons, particularly relating to where their main employees work.
Mortimer Zuckerman: By and large, no. I think that was a one-off investment for sure and an interesting one I might add. But in part, it was a one-off investment because it was being so dramatically subsidized by every government agency in North America and probably some in South America. So I think that was a very, very specific situation and I think it should work out well for the people who ended up doing the development. Obviously, [indiscernible] (1:15:19). So I do think that was definitely one-off, we have not really been focusing or looking in that area.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Let me add something to that, okay. We're not out of the expansion business here. We're going to be continuously looking for opportunities. And frankly, the larger scale opportunities will be a little bit more attractive to those who can move quickly and have the capital to move. And we're going to keep ourselves in a position where we have enough powder to do just that. I think we had the chance to make some wonderful acquisitions last year and we're not going to stop looking for that, whether they be development opportunities or existing buildings. And we're certainly going to continue those efforts.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Look, I don't think the west side has the same stature as the, shall we say, the upper east side of New York City. That, by that, I mean from the mid-40s to the 70s up on the east side. But you have again, let me just say, certainly a sensitivity to price in a certain part of the market and a lot of people are looking for new space. I forget the number but we have a large number, a very large number, I mean better than in double digits of large-scale tenants of 100,000 square feet or higher, who are going to be looking for space in the next several years. And those of us who follow that market would like to get there with the right kind of product. There'll be those that will not want to leave the east side, and there'll be some who will. All I can say is that if you are -- from our point of view, were still going to stay in buildings whether we build them or buy them. That we think are in the very upper end of the market. That is a strategy that works extremely well and has worked extremely well during a downturn. Everybody does well when everything is booming. But we find that these buildings continue to do relatively much better when there is a downturn and knowing the cyclicality of the business we are in, we always plan for that and prepare for that. We think that will be opportunities for us to buy things, and we're definitely going to need -- if we want to be able to get some of the best buildings, a lot of them are going to be in very, very, very big numbers and we want to be prepared for it. The west side is an area that we would be open to. And I think we are a little bit less confident about its future than we are in the east side, but I think both of them are going to do well. New York City has come through this particular downturn, as we all know remarkably well. I mean, we are frankly surprised on the upside at just how well it's done, and there's a lot of growth going on, on the east side. It's not to say that people aren't going to be cautious about rents, but I think you're going to see a lot of growth and you're going to see some real pressure of demand on supply in the next couple of years and it's a long-term sort of business development program that we have, and we're going to just be focused on all that.
Mortimer Zuckerman: I would put it this way. I think the government will make some token cuts in various areas. But on balance, those cuts will be relatively in minor compared to the just natural growth that they have out of the various programs that they are in. It's hard for me to imagine the government's really going to be cutting back. There will be some cut backs without question, but they will be, I think, more political and symbolic than real. We think Washington is just in very good shape, we're doing very, very well there. We are looking for sites or acquisitions, but particularly for sites that do development. I just went through in great detail our development along Pennsylvania Avenue. It's just a huge success, I mean, both on the residential side and on the commercial side. And that's the kind of thing that where we are able to build not just to the upper end of the market. I would say that building, both on the commercial and the residential side, is just seven-league boots ahead of almost everything else that's been done in Washington. And it will be received as such. It is being received as such and that's where we think we can do best and we intend to continue looking for sites where we can continue to do that quality work. That's going to be a huge success for us. So that sort of just gives us even more impetus to continue in that being we think we're going to find some sites, or at least we hope we will, and continue working in that particular sort of bracket.
Mortimer Zuckerman: I don't think we approach it that way, to be honest with you. We've got a lot of great assets in D.C, probably the best pool of assets that anybody owns in D.C. And I do think that there is a revival, shall we say, to some extent at least in terms of what we see as a lot of growth in the D.C. market. We don't want to sell assets into that kind of a market. We frankly want to hold assets or buy assets in that kind of a market because we think the longer term values are embedded in that market and we don't think -- look, there is a real supply constraint on that market which is called a height limit in terms of how high you can build. That automatically limits the amount of space you could put on in most projects. That means you have to find the big sites if you want to develop large projects. So the assets that we have -- we're very happy with the assets we have. But we don't think we ought to sell them, we think they're very long-term holds and that's still the basic part of our business, which is to have outstanding assets and hold them for the long-term.
Mortimer Zuckerman: No. I'm sure there are markets that we would like to have been in. But again, in L.A. there is one part, the downtown L.A. market is not a market that really appeals to us by and large. We generally have what I would describe by and large as commodity space there. We just prefer to focus in on those kinds of buildings that set themselves apart from the rest of the market in quantitative terms and there are certain part of the markets where you might have it, West L.A. for example. But it's very difficult to work there, to assemble sites or even to assemble buildings there. So we just have not yet found a way to break in. We've tried a couple of times and frankly we haven't succeeded. But there isn't a market that we wouldn't be interested in if we found it met the criteria that I've more or less tried to outline. And there are other markets there, I mean Seattle may be a market, for example, that we would be interesting. But for the moment, I think we are really not looking aggressively in these markets. And perhaps we should but we, frankly, we've been kind of busy.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Oh boy. Let me take a crack at that. And Doug, if you wouldn't mind joining and I would appreciate it. I think the end of QE2 is certainly going to affect interest rates at some point. The Fed will still do whatever they can. And if you saw the Bernanke interview, whatever they could to make sure the interest rates stay low because monetary power is about the only thing we can do. There is certainly going to be pressure on the fiscal deficit side of the equation. So I don't think the kind of fiscal stimulus that we have seen is going to continue. The stimulus program itself that was a special one at $870 billion is basically going to run out of money sometime this year. We are faced with real headwinds because of higher energy costs, higher food costs, declining home equities, because of declining home prices. It's very difficult to see a major upturn in the economy, unless business begins to start spending the kind of money they have accumulated to expand. There will be some of that. But I have to say, I think, the business community is still very, very cautious and I think they will be very careful about the capacity. I don't see that there's going to be pressure in the economy, upward pressure in the economy, of any significant level. And I think we're going to have a very anemic recovery. You have to think about the fact that we are in a very slow growth economy. We after all had a 1.8% growth in GDP in the first quarter. And if you took out inventory, which is a one-shot operation there, it was down to 0.8%. We need substantially more than that to begin to have any impact on the unemployment numbers. We'll see whether that comes about. I still remain very cautious about how the economy is going to do because you have to think about where we would normally be given the amount of fiscal stimulus and monetary policy and bail out policy that we have. You compare this to sort of the trajectory of any previous recovery in the recession and it's not like -- it's way below. It would've been somewhere between 6% and 7% growth in GDP at this point, 20 to 22 months be on the trough of a recession. We're nowhere close to that. So I don't know where this goes. We're in an unprecedented time, which is therefore unpredictable. But what is known is that this is the recession as we all know, the great recession they're calling it because it's the worst one we've had, but it was provoked by a financial crisis and none of the recessions since the end of World War II we're provoked by that kind of financial crisis. There still is a sense in the country that particularly the consumer is over-indebted. The relationship of household debt to household income is still much higher than it typically is coming out of the recession. We still have a household debt that’s somewhere around 115% of household income. The typical range is between 70% and 80%. To get down to those levels, we're going to have to have a liquidation or deleveraging of another $5 trillion to $6 trillion. That's bound to put pressure on the willingness of the consumer to spend money. When he looks or she looks at the equity they have in their home and decide what they're going to spend and look at the debts they have. So just at this point, we're doing relatively well, I must say. I just don't know how long it's going to take to really get this economy really working on all cylinders. And I think it's going to be a very slow process. So I don't think interest rates are going to go up very much even without QE2. I think they used QE2 to try and frankly re-stimulate home values and stock values. They succeeded in one but not in the other. There's a huge oversupply of residences on the market, either of ones that are occupied that are on the market or the ones that aren't occupied that are on the market, those that are in delinquent or at some level of foreclosure. I mean, its a gigantic number, way more than we anticipate. So I don't see the housing market getting better for quite a while. So I think with employment or unemployment still being strong and unemployment being weak, consumer attitude is being quite pessimistic. Housing still in the doldrums, a cut back in the fiscal stimulus, I think we're going to have a very interesting time. I just don't know whether -- it's just unpredictable how it's going to go. You can't go into this with a total level of confidence. At least that's the way I feel. Many of you heard me say to probably to the boredom of the listener. But as I keep on saying, the optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds and the pessimist fear they maybe right.
Mortimer Zuckerman: The buildings we sold at New York, we sold at phenomenal prices. I mean, we sold 2 buildings in New York, one of them was at, I think, a 3.76% cap rate with an assumption of 100% of the space being leased, including the smallest amount of vacant space and we were very happy with the prices we got for both of those buildings. And frankly I don't think the market, even though there has been some, shall we say, recovering in the market has come back to the prices where we were, where we were able to realize those. So I think, in fact, I would say that was true of virtually every asset we sold. We sold assets based on the following simple principles: we like to have A assets in A locations, the assets we sold we thought were either B assets in A locations or A assets in B locations and that was a very specific program that we had underway. We thought we did very, very well with it. We did it at the right time. I don't know, we took out something and we sold over in the range of at least $4.5 billion of assets. We could not be happier with the program that we had. At that point it gave us a great deal of liquidity. It is one thing to be able to buy buildings it is another thing to sell them at the right time, and we thought we did that. So I don't think we have any reservations about what we did and frankly we're going to just keep a pragmatic view going forward in terms of whether we buy or whether we sell.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Sure. We're always being approached. But as I say, I mean, when I look at the asset inventory that we have, to be honest with you, virtually every asset that we have I would like to buy not to sell. So we are, frankly, looking to add to our portfolio of assets. We just don't want to take -- look, we're in this kind of business for the long haul in terms of accumulating a portfolio of the highest quality assets that we can possibly put together and as I try to use by way of a reference, this is not a perfect analogy, we try to have the assets in A locations. And sometimes, their values will go up and sometimes they will go down. But as long-term holds, we find that these are the best assets and when I look back upon the assets that we had and have and those that we sold, you see what the valuation is that we were able to sell the assets in the past when we had a bull market for it. But in the long-haul, it seems to me that our basic business is putting together sort of an outstanding list of A assets and A locations and holding them for the long-haul. We believe that, over time, these assets are, frankly, going to be irreplaceable and that in any 5- or 10-year period, we'll look back on these assets as holds and be very happy that we held them. And we see it even in this market. That's why we went after the Hancock building, that's why we went after 510 Madison Avenue, et cetera. And that's why we're going to continue to look into acquisitions because that's part of what we do and do well and intend to continue doing it. I don't have any second thoughts about the assets we sold nor about the assets we keep. We're still going to be looking over time to buy assets and to build assets of the quality that we have specialized in for quite a few decades now. And we'll just have to see how it goes and I'm not saying it’s going to be easy, but we're definitely going to continuing along those lines.
Mortimer Zuckerman: If I may say, in the first quarter, we're at 1.8% growth on GDP. I think it'll get a little bit stronger than that. I still think it's going to be an anemic recovery and I certainly don't see it getting above 3%. As I'd say, the real question is, how much confidence has been eroded not just at the level of the consumer and the household, but business at this stage of the game. I think we will not see much in the way of improvement in employment. We will see a lot of the headwinds, higher interest rates, which will affect mortgages that have variable rates. It'll affect the determination of special interest subsidy programs for homeowners. The increased gasoline cost, the increased food cost. You could go on and on. But the end of the, what may you call it, the stimulus program by the middle of this year, there are a lot of headwinds representing at least $400 billion of headwinds in the economy that it's not what we want to have now but it's what we're going to have to live with and that, it seems to me, is about to have an effect on the economy. So I don't see the economy is going to grow above 3% and I frankly think it'll be probably be somewhat below 3%. Unless American business really gets a turnaround and really starts spending a lot of the money and the cash that they have built up. But again, I think that they're going to be very cautious about how fast and how far they go with their own spending because they're just getting that level of confidence either in the administration of this point or in the economy.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, we've in fact seen that there are differentials in the rate at which different parts of the economy go. The financial services industry, I suspect, is going to continue to be very active and do very well. I just see that in part, because of the various government programs, where the capital markets are, the confidence that they have rebuilt in terms of their own activities, where they see a lot of opportunities for the, shall we say, the investment of large pools of capital. And I think that's probably a valid judgment. The private equity funds have been enormously active recently, as you’ve seen, I suspect that's going to continue. The banks are more open to lending to the better credit. So I think there is that. So I think the financial services industry is going to be in good shape. And the industries that basically are nourished by them will also be in good shape. Do I think manufacturing will be in good shape or the retailers? I think they're going to have a very tough time, but I think they've taken a lot of the big cuts, particularly in terms of employment. To date, I just don't see that they're going to be hiring very much and the problem is we have roughly 150,000 to 200,000 people who enter the labor market every month. The real unemployment rate, as I say, is very high. And I don't see that that's going to change very much. So the attitude of the consumer seems to be it's still going to be very cautious. So I don't know how else to describe it. I think we're going to do well, relatively well. We have a very little vacancy. And I think in the markets that we are in, those are the better markets, it doesn't mean that, this thing, if the consumer tanks that they're really going to be able to do very much. I don't see that, given the politics of the country, there's going to be another big fiscal stimulus program no matter what. Because there is a genuine feeling, and nobody knows that this is absolutely certain, when you get the national debt as a percentage of GDP that gets above 90%, which in real that's where we're really are today, it really begins to have a downward pressure on the economy. And so I don't think you're going to get anything out of the Congress. We're just going to have to see how it goes and see how quickly the rebuilding of asset values, particularly on the consumer side that really gives people the confidence to go ahead and spend. I think it's just going to take a much longer time that people have been thinking for a major recovery in the economy.
Michael LaBelle: Alex, we really looked at the company's fixed charge ratios and leverage ratios and we did a $1.5 billion of new investment and we thought it was prudent for the company to raise a little bit of equity to match up with that asset investment. I think that going forward, we're going to look at what our opportunity set is for making new investments and we will consider and make decisions about future equity raises depending on what those opportunities are as we look into the marketplace. I think that we have experienced the use of the ATM, we're happy with the way it worked. I think that, as I mentioned in my comments, its prudent for us to have that tool of capital raising available to us in our arsenal. So that if we're in a position where we do want to raise a little bit of equity that we can use it if we want. So that's really how we look at it. And if we find additional opportunities to invest in new capital, we're going to evaluate our balance sheet and our leverage at that time.
Michael LaBelle: No, I mean, it includes acquisition costs associated with Bay Colony in the first quarter. It includes kind of a where our normal legal costs are that are in G&A and things like that. But it does not assume any material future acquisition expenses or litigation expense because we don't expect to have any -- litigation expenses, that is.
Michael LaBelle: We're assuming that the balance currently is $750 million, as I've said. We're assuming that Carnegie Center happens at the end of June. We're assuming that the increase from the Lexington Avenue financing happens at the end of June. So that would climb our rate up to $1.5 billion. It would not change dramatically. I mean, there's some development spend. The larger projects are finishing up, so I think development spend on those projects is $100 million or so left that would be spent in the next 6 to 12 months. And the newer projects on the development side will not ramp up until later in the year. So barring any acquisition activity which could occur, which would have material impact on that number, or our decision to try to repay debt early, which right now is not in our projections and it's something that we look at. In 2012 we have $660 million coming due in February. So that's something we always look at, but at this time, we determined that that's not the best use of our capital that we'd like to conserve this liquidity for the potential to do acquisitions or other developments. So I guess in a roundabout way, we would expect it to be pretty stable for the second half of the year.
Michael LaBelle: We continue to look at anything and everything that might be for sale in San Francisco. The high-quality stuff is very sticky, it's very concentrated. There were a lot of sales at very lofty numbers by institutions that have a very long-term perspective. And so the best stuff in all likelihood is not going to be trading anytime soon. And our perspective on suburban stuff has been that there are times to get into the market and there are time not to be in the market. We think that the market, from a rental rate perspective, has clearly recovered. There are places where we're probably more interested in making incremental investments. They're not going to be huge dollars if they are on a single-asset basis. And as I've said before, there are some larger portfolios that something may happen with overall over the next year or so that we will I'm sure look at.
Michael LaBelle: I didn't. It's really relatively unchanged to where it was before. I think that we -- some of the absorption we've had in the first quarter simply came sooner. So maybe the average is up a little bit. But somewhere in the 92, 92.5, something like that in that range.
Michael LaBelle: The answer is no. And it's sort of a not obvious answer. It's not because we want to be in the hotel business but because Cambridge Center is a pretty important location for us from a real estate perspective. And the Cambridge Marriott physically sits in the middle of our portfolio there, and there's a plaza in front of it, and there's retail associated with it. And we think that until we are complete with our renovation and redevelopment of Cambridge Center, which is going to be a multiyear program, owning and controlling the Cambridge Marriott is pretty critical to the real estate asset valuation that we have within our other portfolio of the buildings there.
Michael LaBelle: I think we want to have access to all of the markets. I think that it's clearly an attractive way to raise a moderate amount of equity over a period of time. So to the extent that we have something much more significant in size, that the company was undertaking some major acquisition of some form, it might be more likely that we would do something that would be marketed and raise equity more quickly. With regard to our development program, I don't know if we would think about that with regard to our development program. I think that we -- our leverage position today we're very comfortable with. We feel like we've added the dry powder that we need both from a balance sheet capacity and from a liquidity perspective so that we can execute on the development program that we have as well as look at acquisitions with our current balance sheet and liquidity.
Michael LaBelle: It's such a hard question to answer, Steve, because it depends so much on each specific piece of space and what the tenant is paying when that lease expires. As I said, our mark-to-market for the portfolio is positive $0.67. We've got 1.9 million square feet of space rolling over between now and the end of the year, there is very little, if any, space rolling over in Midtown Manhattan. The space that is available in Midtown Manhattan is almost exclusively at the base of Two Grand Central and then there are 2 or 3 floors at the top of Two Grand Central. There will be a roll down on the space in that building because of where the former tenants were if we lease up within 12 months. But that shouldn't be an indication of what's going on in the Midtown Manhattan market. It's simply a question of where the space was actually leased and then it's now vacant. But the way we do our statistics, if it's less than a year, we sort of show you that the mark-to-market or the mark-up when we do our secondary statistics this quarter.
Michael LaBelle: I would say that we are, in certain markets, the tenants get way up in front of on iron rules as Washington D.C. being the most obvious of those markets. In other markets, there tends to be less of a discussion until you sort of get within 12 plus or minus months, except for the really, really large tenants. And we are at the moment not having any really significant conversations in New York City, in San Francisco, in Boston about renewals. There are a couple of tenants in Washington D.C. with 2013, 2014 lease expiration, the Akin Gump being the one that I talked about this quarter where those kinds of conversations occur. But I wouldn't say there's any sort of change in terms of what the mark-to-market might be on a renewal versus just a simple trade or trading with a tenant on the space.
Michael LaBelle: The 510 Madison debt, if you recall, was put on as a way to conserve the mortgage tax that was previously associated with that asset with the prior owner. So that's actually a cash-secured facility and one of the reasons why we have restricted cash on our balance sheet. So our expectation is when we finalize and close the 601 Lexington Avenue loan that we'll transfer the tax and extinguish that debt in 2011. With regard to Bay Colony, it's about $140 million loan. If we sit tomorrow where we are today, I mean it's not a huge debt, we'll probably pay it off with cash, I would expect. If we were going to deal with secured financing to replace it, we might use another asset depending on what the occupancy is. I think that, that asset is 65% occupied today and there's some rollover still to come. So I wouldn't expect it to be stabilized by the time that debt matures. So it will be more likely than not that we would pay that one-off at that time. And I mentioned the convertibles. We're looking at that on a consistent basis to see if it makes any sense for us to pay it off early and it hasn't recently. So our expectation at this point is that we would deal with that at its maturity and either refinance it with a new debt issuance, either secured or unsecured, or potentially just pay it off, depending on what our view of our liquidity was at the time.
Michael LaBelle: We haven't mentioned it specifically. It's not done yet. But in general, both the facility fees and the credit spreads are higher than they are today. Those spreads are coming down. So if you look at kind of what people were doing 12 months ago, 6 months ago, 3 months ago, today, there is a consistent compression in both of those things. And we simply had to decide when the right time for us to enter the market was and we decided it was now. So it will be going up but until we get it done, I really don't want to assume what the numbers are.
