Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well let me take a shot at that. It's Mort. There is, undoubtedly, a review on the part of almost every major firm, particularly financial firms who are taking advantage of technology amongst other things to see how much space they really need. And most of them are heading in the direction of contracting their space. Nevertheless, I have to say that there are a lot of major companies in this market that are looking for huge blocks of space and looking to build their own buildings. Many of them are going to go into places like Hudson Yards on the west side of town. But frankly, I still think this is one of the great markets. It's still the center of finance. It is still the center of a lot of other kinds of activities. But particularly, it is a center for Midtown South. But it -- for the new online economy, the new Internet economy, all of that -- New York is going to be the -- it's probably second only to Silicon Valley for the kinds of startup companies that, in a sense, are feeding off of all of these new technologies. And the addition of the Cornell sort of technology center, which is in the throes of being constructed in conjunction with a major Israeli university, high tech university is going to also provide this market with a lot of the human talent that they need over time. So I think there is a lot of energy still in the city. It is still a city that has a terrific attraction for a lot of talented people and that is still the key ingredient, it seems to me, in the success of a lot of companies where their real, shall we say, future is based on brainpower, and New York is a great city to attract that kind of brainpower. And not just older folks, but a lot of young people. It is outstanding how well New York has done. It's the safest big city in America, it's just doing remarkably well across the whole range of activities I can't predict the valuation of New York real estate, but a part of the valuation of all real estate particularly in the good markets is a reflection as much as anything else about the drop in interest rates. And that has really changed the multiple that people are attributing to real estate income. And I think that's going to continue for quite a while. So I don't see that there's going to be much in the way of a decline of those values. in fact, we are constantly approached by people who want to participate in various buildings in one form or another at very, very attractive rates.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Look, we are very enthused about that building. Just so that there is no ambiguity about it. It is in an outstanding location, as I've said before. The only full block site in the downtown, part of San Francisco are experienced in our other real estate there. And San Francisco is about as strong as any market that we are in. And we are very comfortable and confident about the strength of that market. And this is going to be the iconic building in the city. And so we think there's a very good chance that we will do very well with it. We cannot really predict the exact rent, but I can only tell you though on the basis of our preliminary numbers, we're very excited about the prospect of being involved in this building, we're involved with an outstanding partner who shares our view. So I think we are very much looking forward to it. San Francisco has been just a fabulous market for office space for the last number of years, and we've seen it and experience it with Embarcadero Center, and we just couldn't be happier with the way that's going. So we're really very comfortable about taking on this particular project.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: We certainly are looking at it, to make it suitable for retailers and we're in discussion with any number of them. I'm not saying that we're close to a transaction. But, yes, that is going to be the principal focus of it. That's the kind of the companies that we are talking to.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well look at by this, I have to tell you, that is a very, very strong market. San Francisco remains a very, very strong office market. And we've seen it in all the things that we've done there and we've got a big exposure there, given us the chance to test that market. So we're very comfortable with that market. I can't tell you where it's going to be in a year because that market, while it is primarily dependent upon the world of new technologies, who knows where that's going to go. But from all indications, it's just going in a very positive way. So frankly, I'm very bullish about that market compared to almost any other market. And we've had that experience in terms of, both the quantity of space and the rents that we've been getting, quantity of space leased and the rents we've been getting, both at 680 Folsom Street. But also, in particular, at our major office complex that we already have, which is 3.4 million feet of space. It's Embarcadero Center, which is done very, very well and at growing rents and growing occupancy rates. We have real comforts with that market, to lease as good as any other market we know.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, look, generally speaking, because of our experience with, and our comfort with, and frankly, our ability to deliver, in a sense the highest yields we get out of development projects in which we are playing a major role and that's what we're seeing in San Francisco. But it is also true that there are opportunities that will come by and we are in a position to take advantage of them. And we saw, with buildings like the John Hancock building or indeed Prudential Center or indeed the General Motors Building, all of which were acquisitions. So we're, in a sense -- we balance out our development pipeline with our acquisitions, they are different. We have, in our judgment, and will continue to have, access to the capital markets if we need more capital for major acquisitions. Providing of course we continue to do well and invest well, and we think we will. So these are the 2 ways in which we have grown our asset portfolio. We're going to be very cautious about building new buildings, unless we're very comfortable with where the market is. And the reason for that is obvious, we do not know and nobody does know, in our judgment, just where this economy is going. As many of you know, I'd be quite bearish about this economy. And happily so, given what we're able to do about it for the last 6 or 7 years. And I don't see that this economy is a very strong economy at this point. Now, just to give you an example, we don't know what the fiscal cliff consequences will be, if we ever hit the fiscal cliff. But, obviously, that would have a major effect of the economy. We don't know what it will be if we have a new administration. If you do have a new administration that does inspire the confidence of the business community in ways that the current administration doesn't, I think that will have a positive effect on the economy, particularly on the business economy. So, I think we just -- as we had done ever since the company was started, we basically just try and adapt to the conditions that we are in or where we see they are going. There are couple of big question marks out there at the moment, such as the election and the fiscal cliff that I think will make us a little bit more cautious over the short run. Unless we can find an investment where we think the rents are reasonable in relation to the market and where we have a long-term credit lease on it, so that we will be able to do well given the gap between the yield at which we can buy the property and the financing that we have to -- financing cost that we have to incur if we, basically, expand our financing in the capital markets. And we have that option, and frankly, we don't think we are doing it just for the sake of investing to earn a 2% or 3% differential above our financing cuff. But we're also looking at the real estate because we really do have a conscious awareness of the quality of real estate and its long-term viability. So it's just an entrepreneurial time and an entrepreneurial business in general, and we have been able, I think, to be nimble enough to do well in good markets and in bad markets. And we'll just have to pay attention to what's going on and see if we can come up with opportunities. We've been able to do it in both good markets and bad markets, and we have to say that, although we can't give anybody any assurances, that we think will be able to continue to do that.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, let's just look at the overall economy now. I mean, GDP growth in the second quarter has been lowered to an annualized rate, I think of about 1.3% from 1.7%. Now that is in the context of the most stimulus fiscal and monetary policy in our history, by far. So something is not going right in the economy and nobody quite knows why it is going so bad. Some of it, of course, is the lack of confidence in the business community in the policies of this administration, to be blunt about it. And I just don't know where it's going to go. Frankly, we have a $1.3 trillion deficit this year. I keep on saying we've run up deficits in 4 years that took us 217 years, from the founding of this country, to run a similar amount of money. I don't what the consequences of that kind of debt will be on what we need to do in this country to continue to be effective and competitive. We've got to support education, we've got the support infrastructure. I could give you a laundry list of things. What are we going to be able to do with the kind of debts we're incurring. I don't know the answer to that because it's unprecedented, and therefore, unpredictable. All I'm saying is, frankly, there are real issues that we need to look at and nobody knows how they're going to work out. I mean, I don't know any -- I certainly don't know and I follow this stuff is closed to most people because it's just unprecedented. And everybody's going to say, let's wait and see how it goes over the next year. There is some improvement, there is some build-up, there's a modest increase in expenditures. But the net worth of the average American family has gone down fairly dramatically, almost 40% from 2007 to today. Mostly were because of the drop in value of their homes. But the residential market is coming back, at least a little bit. The energy picture of this country is being transformed by what we're now in a position to develop, the new methods of tapping into natural gas, particularly, but oil as well. So there are some positive things that are going on in this country. How they balance out over time is, frankly, is just unknown. I think we have had a tendency, and I think rightly, of being a little bit cautious under these circumstances. And thank god that we were and at the time we were because, frankly, it has enabled us to, for example, make some great acquisitions. When we sold a lot of buildings. We have the money to make some acquisitions. I think there will be similar opportunities for us in the way of acquisitions. And we will continue to look for development deals that we think make sense in the markets that we are in. We are continuing to find development opportunities that make sense for us. And those are the markets that, by and large, not perfectly, are the best markets in the country and we focus on these markets for the reasons that we have gone over many, many times. They have worked out relatively well, we have, perhaps, weakness in one market. But, by and large, the kinds of brain power that we try -- and the companies that we try to attract are in the markets that we are in, and those are the markets that should be growing. I mean, I'm not saying there's a lot of brainpower in Washington. That's a whole other issue. But setting aside, the government is continuing to grow and they're still the primary input in the economic health of the region, along now with a lot of other high-tech and life-enhancing technologies that are just burgeoning in that part of the world. So you just have play it by ear. That's why I keep on emphasizing that this is an entrepreneurial business, not just a -- more than anything else, we have to be very careful in what we do, but we also have to be in a position where we look for the advantageous acquisition to buy their land or development sites or buildings, and to apply the capital that we are fortunate to be able to raise, and we expect to continue doing that. We've been doing it for quite a long time and I certainly hope we'll to be continuing doing it for quite a long time. And all I can tell you is that there is no predictability of this in the sense that you will have in a number of other businesses other than an extrapolation of the record that we have accomplished over all the years that we have been in business.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, I have believed, for all of this year, that Romney will win the election. Primarily because of the terrible unemployment numbers that this country is dealing with, a lot of which doesn't even get publicity. But I'll just give you a couple of examples. It's not only the 23 million people out of work. The unemployment numbers do not really give you an indication of how serious the unemployment is. The unemployment number is 7.8%, it's what is called U3, and that measures people who've actively applied for a job. That is, they have to have sort of filled out an application form or gone for an interview. And that is the number, that is 7.8%. But the number of 7.8% only went down because 582,000 people moved out of being unemployed into part-time employment. But if you measure, what they call involuntary part-time employment, which is U6, that's 14.7%, it hasn't gone down at all. But even that doesn't give you the full number. Disability insurance has gone up by 5.4 million people just in the period that President Obama has gone. It's almost doubled the number. Okay. Now, if you think that the 5.4 million people who were suddenly disabled as a result of their work, I think that's a very optimistic interpretation. I think a lot of people have gone into that as they've run out of unemployment compensation or what-have-you and they've been able to do it, but they don't count as unemployed. Nor do people who were put on leave, even if it's temporary leave, and a lot of people have been. So the unemployment numbers, to my mind, it's known by the people who are unemployed. It's known by their families, it's known by their friends, and by their children. And some -- at some point or another, there is going to be a feeling -- there's got to be a change. Like it or not, that's where I think is the driving force of this economy. And the one thing that have to happen, which I believe has happened, is that Governor Romney has established himself as a credible President. He was extremely presidential in the first debate, broke through to the consciousness of most Americans. And I believe, as this goes on over the next couple of weeks, the trend lines which are basically now favoring him, will moderately continue, and that he will eke out a victory. And I felt this way even when these numbers weren't as favorable to Romney as I think they are.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Just to give you an illustration of that, let me just take a second, okay? There is a company called Salesforce, which in the last number of months has taken 800,000 square feet of space. It's a brand-new company that didn't exist 3 or 4 years ago -- 4 or 5 years ago. Now this is only happening in San Francisco, and this is what makes that market so unique. And there's a spinoff out of all of these companies that affects all of the other typical companies that -- or firms that work in downtown market. And there is no market like that in the United States. And for that reason, it makes it a very attractive market. As I say, we have been the beneficiary of it in various ways, but we've seen it in Embarcadero Center and 680 Folsom. I mean these are just the kind of energy -- tenant energy that exists there. It just doesn't exist anywhere else. And that's what makes the San Francisco market so unique and, frankly, so attractive.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Only if we can find the right kind of investments. Just because he gets elected, doesn't mean he's going to be able to turn around this economy. We're in really an unprecedented kind of economic condition. It's obviously the worst kind of economic condition since the Great Depression, that's why it's called the great recession. And we're just going to have to watch it, and we'll see what opportunities come by. I mean the good news about, frankly, the position that we are in as a company and the access to capital that we have, which we like to sort of accumulate it when the accumulation is going well. We just always seem to find opportunities and as, Doug said, we want to be able to be in a position to move quickly and to move authoritatively, and not to worry about having to put together financing at the time that an opportunity comes up. It really does give us a competitive advantage, and people who want to get -- to dispose of assets and know that, and we're prepared to make those commitment in very, very strong terms when we make our proposals. So for my point of view, this is an opportunity for us because we have a comparative advantage over a number of different investors. It doesn't mean we have a unique advantage but it certainly is a comparative advantage, and we're going to try and take advantage of it. And when you can get into a situation where you can find outstanding buildings with a relative good leasing profile. Obviously, on some level, there's lower risk in that than starting a new building because of the condition of the markets, in general. Until we see a better economy, we'll sort of look at it a little bit with some skepticism over anticipating any assumptions that anticipate a big regrowth in the demand for office space. So I think we -- from our point of view, it is one of the great advantages that we have had, that we have taken advantage of, which is to be able to commit, in a sense, commit capital and then reraise or raise more capital because of the quality of the buildings we've bought and how well we've done with them. And that is just something we're not going to walk away from. I can't tell you how it's going to work because as I've said over and over again it's an entrepreneurial business, and we've got to be able to do to what we have been able to do in the past, we have to be able to do that in the future, you just never know how that's going to work out. We just think that over a year, or around a year, we found out that we take advantage of various opportunities that come our way, even on a competitive basis. And we're going to keep ourselves in a position to do that. And we have a very long-term view about the real estate that we invest in because we really hope that whatever the conditions are today, when you look at the building 5 years out and 10 years out, you want to be able to feel comfortable that the rents that are currently in place have a reasonable chance of being significantly improved. Some of the leases that we buy into have automatic step-ups after 5 years and after 10 years. And given the GAAP, as I said, between our financing costs and the yields in which we can buy buildings, when you compound that with the kind of increases that are mandated, within existing leases it's a fairly good combination in conjunction with the development work we're doing. So that's -- we've been doing this for years. And the unique conditions that we're in now just require a sort of a different kind of concentration on different aspects of it. But I still think and do feel that there's going to be a number of opportunities to come up. It's not going to come up -- there's not going to be 2 every month or one every quarter or whatever it is. They come up when they come up, and we want to be able to move as soon as those opportunities are available.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: We haven't acquired it yet. So I'd just leave it hanging at the moment. But the Folsom Street was one, and we are very happy with that transaction. That's going to work out extremely well for us.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well let me just say that we, number one, expect the yields on the development that we are anticipating to frankly be better and higher than the 101 California. But frankly, we would have bought 101 California if we could have gotten it at price we prepared to pay. It's just a very good building.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: We draw a distinction between an optimist and a pessimist today in the following way: an optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds, and a pessimist fears he may be right.
Douglas T. Linde: We didn't and we're not going to. I mean, it's a project that's going to be built, starting sometime in early '14 at the earliest. It's delivering in 2017. We are -- if there's an improved approved design, it's an amazing design that will hopefully be improved upon dramatically by, well, the combined organizations of Heinz and Boston Properties. And the good news is that it's just too early to be throwing out numbers as to where we think rents are going to be at that point in time and what our project costs are going to be. So we think the cost is going to be somewhere around $700 a square foot, probably. Do we know what the profile of the tenants on the buildings are going to be? No. Do we know how much pre-leasing were going to have? If any, no. So we're just not ready to throw out numbers.
Douglas T. Linde: No, I didn't say that. The nice thing is that we don't have to even think about making that decision for the better part of the year.
Douglas T. Linde: It was more of a comment on the recycling of our portfolio. So there are buildings and there are locations that probably are less opportunistic for us from a growth perspective on a going-forward basis that don't necessarily meet the same characteristics of attractiveness to tenants in 2014 or 2015 that they did in earlier generations of development and maybe the right time to move out of some of those assets.
Douglas T. Linde: Yes, Chris. I think Mort made some really great points. Because, in Calgary 2012, we're going to have committed $1.4 billion of acquisitions. I try to describe sort of a profile of development in other things that are coming through in 2014 and 2015, and 2016 and 2017. And you would not be surprised to hear us say that there are lots of buildings that are for sale. There are lots of buildings that we have spent time analyzing and debating internally, and there are lots of buildings that haven't chose to make a serious bid on. And they're in San Francisco, they're in Boston, they're in Washington, D.C., they're in New York City. And so, the opportunities are out there, in terms of just simply buying buildings if you just want to buy buildings. But I think Mort makes a great point which is, we're not interested in growing the company for the sake of growing the company. And we've been -- I guess we have the luxury of being picky about the types of assets that we want to buy and the particular characteristics of those assets in their various submarkets. And whether we feel good or bad about what the opportunities that might be, from those buildings to improve their cash flow or whatever our whole period is, which is typically incident. So I think that we're going to be thoughtful and we're going to be cautious, and we're going to be very aggressive at looking at things. I don't know how aggressive we'll be at doing things. But I'd say, I feel no different today than I did at the beginning of 2012, in terms of what the opportunity that might be.
Douglas T. Linde: Let me just give you a couple of examples. People are paying more in that midtown and south market, today, for space than they are paying on 6th Avenue, for the portions of buildings that are vacant, particularly the lower portions of buildings. So I think that would suggest to you that it's not a question of price, necessarily, it's a question of product and location. And, similarity in San Francisco, you are probably seeing rents that are higher in some of the buildings, not just south of the market, but sort of outside of the traditional office areas on Market Street, because of the particular location and the environment that those buildings are providing and the attractiveness to the tenants that happen to be in those markets today. And similarly, and if you look at some of the tenants that have gone to Cambridge, there, the rents in Cambridge are higher than the rents in places like in the low-rise in the financial district of Boston. So it's not about price, Andrew, it's about product and it's about location.
Douglas T. Linde: So our taxable income for 2013 is certainly projected to be higher than our income for 2012. You might infer from that, that we need to think about our dividend, which is a good inference. We've begun those conversations at the board and we anticipate concluding those conversations over the relatively short period of time and letting the Street know how our dividend policy will work towards our projection on our 2013 numbers.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll start then I'll let others jump in. It obviously depends upon the industry group and the kind of work that's done. But as an example, law firms have probably gone from somewhere between 750 and 800 square feet to somewhere below 600 square feet on a per partner basis, and probably close to the 500 square feet per person on an employee basis. There are technology companies that have gone to table format types of environments, where they're well under 200 square feet per person, probably closer to 130 to 140 square feet per person. The one thing that has changed, however, is that the ability to have areas where they can congregate, their staff has become more important. Because there are lots of what we refer to as "we" spaces and community spaces that are being constructed in these types of configurations. And so the layout and the building function is pretty important. And then the most crucial thing, when you think about the amount of people you're putting in these spaces is light and air. So to the extent that you have an overly deep floor with a relatively poor window line, you're battling against a very difficult wave. Because you're just not providing the environment that these companies want to use to retain and recruit employees.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that's a very fair characterization. Although there are some CBD assets that we are looking at and saying, "Is the cash flow of this asset such that we think we can maximize the value today or do we think that when the lease roll's over, there is going to be an opportunity for significant improvement and therefore we should sort of hang on to this asset?" And there are -- I mean there are cases like that. I mean, no difference in the decision we made with our building with Ernst & Young in Times Square, back in 2004 -- or '06 when we sold that. There are some core assets like that, that we would look at in a disposition format as well. But I think the focus is on some of the suburban markets.
Douglas T. Linde: I think more than any other city in the country, Steve, I think it's not musical chairs, it's growth. The -- in the last 2 years, the proportion of transactions that have occurred involving technology companies, and these are -- many of these are technology companies that didn't exist 5 years ago, is the majority of the leasing transactions in San Francisco. And our view right now is that there are lots of transactions that are going to occur based upon employment and the fact that there are lots of technology companies that would like to have employees who live in the city working for them, and the commuting patterns associated with moving out to the Silicon Valley are challenging. And there are more and more that would -- are prepared to -- who sort of say, "Well, if we want the best and the brightest, we also need to consider having a location in the city to attract that type of a workforce." And so I think that there will be -- if there is a city with a chance for there to be significant job growth and demand generation from corporate companies, I think San Francisco is the market that has the best chance for that.
Douglas T. Linde: Let me try and answer that question. I will probably won't do as good a job as Mike would do. But I guess the view is, in a market where we believe that there are going to be plentiful opportunities, in certain cases, being able to move quickly is not a insignificant strategic advantage. And some of these deals could be in excess of $1 billion. Yes, you can line up financing, yes you can go to the capital markets. What we have seen over the past 2 or 3 years is that, even in a very strong market, from a rate perspective, there are weeks and months where the concerns about the risks in these sovereign debt crisis in Europe or the banking crisis in Europe or the inability of the United States government to lift the debt ceiling, close those markets down for a period of time, but the opportunities don't necessarily go away. And so, having the availability of that capital is not necessarily a bad thing. But we recognize that it's a luxury that we are asking our shareholders to allow us to have via effectively holding $800 million of cash and not sort of using our line and being incredibly efficient. But it's because we really do believe there is an opportunity out there, and we do believe that there are risks associated with not having capital available should there be significant dislocations in the capital markets at any point in time when we might need money to do something, including paying off a debt.
Douglas T. Linde: I think we're always worried about new supply. But if -- but our view is that if there is a market that's going to be able to handle new supply over the next 5 years, san Francisco is that market. Largely because there are very few large financial institutions in that city that are going through a downsizing. So I think while those law firms may move through their natural lease expirations, they may get a little bit smaller. And now we're hearing about law firms putting -- pushing their back office operations to places like Nashville, Tennessee. That could occur. But there aren't a lot of large firms that are 500,000 square feet or more that are in that type of a market in San Francisco. And that the month of growth from the technology companies that is taking place in the CBD, South of Market, Mission Bay, North of Market, however, you want to characterize it, is very significant. And it's becoming a very dominant user of space in the city on an incremental basis. And so having the opportunity to satisfy that demand set, relative to any other city in the country on a relative basis, seems like the right place to be thinking about a new development.
Douglas T. Linde: So, Tayo, the only life science market that we have any experience in is the life science market around Cambridge, Massachusetts. And so, it's clearly the place. Look -- they're -- if the Silicon Valley has sort of become the dominant cluster for that -- new technology companies, the Cambridge and the suburban Boston market has become the dominant cluster for life sciences and biotech. I mean, you just hear about company after company that's sort of moving their R&D and moving their thought -- their big thinkers into the Cambridge, Marketplace. So that's the pleased where -- we were considering. And by the way, when Sports City was looking at the sale of their 50% interest in their MIT portfolio that was purchased by one of the other REITs last year, we look at that. So we have an interest in looking at those types of properties at the right -- at relatively the right pricing level and the right location, it's something we would be interested in.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that South San Francisco marketplace is largely dominated by one major tenant that really -- that would prefer to own as opposed to lease space.
Douglas T. Linde: I would -- I don't think that, that's a fair characterization. I would assume that, I think that we are assuming that whether we may or may not go over the fiscal cliff, we have been pretty, I think, reasonable at our lease up projections are on available space in the portfolio. If we go over the fiscal cliff, there's going to be a resolution after that point. It's not going to be a prolonged let's cut our noses off to spite our face. I mean, I think, unfortunately, there is the precedent who believes that this unit -- this country has to get to the precipice of a crisis before it can have the political desire on the part of the legislature to get something worked out. And so, it could happen and then at some point it will get reversed. I don't think it's a -- we're going to -- go to the fiscal cliff, and then for the next 3 years, we're going to be looking at that higher taxes and lower spending.
Douglas T. Linde: No, I didn't say there would be no impact, but I think we were reasonably conservative about what we think the overall economic impacts are going to be whether there is or isn't a positive solution in the short-term.
Douglas T. Linde: I don't think so. Because from a macro perspective, it's not going to -- things are just not going to get better quickly. I think that the psychology will get better. If the psychology gets better, people will want to start to make decisions. But as we know in the real estate world, it takes time from a decision to a lease. And so 2013 is just a year where there's not going to be a lot of strong opportunities for those things to happen.
Douglas T. Linde: No. I think our focus is correct. Interestingly, the thing that we've seen is that there's been an in-migration of the venture capital community. Out of places like Bay Colony into places like Cambridge and into Boston, but the technology companies that are being formed through the VC funds unless they are life sciences, they're not -- they're -- then they are in Cambridge unit at the start. And as soon as they get to a scale, they realize that they can no longer afford to be in Cambridge. So they move out of Cambridge. And some are moving to the Seaport District, and some are moving out to the suburbs. But we've actually seen more growth from a tenant perspective and more successes in Waltham, Lexington market from a demand perspective than we've seen anywhere else other than Cambridge.
Douglas T. Linde: So we have a relet approximately 200,000 square feet of space that had 2015 lease expirations. There's probably another 75,000 to 100,000 square feet that we are currently working on, which I described. The rest of it is in the base of the building and that's where State Street is currently located and that -- those leases don't expire until the end of 2014. And those tenants are not going to be staying at the base of the building in all likelihood, so our assumption is that those are going to be new tenants. As opposed to what we've done previously, which is we have existing tenants who have no interest in leaving who have come to us and said we want to do an early renewal because we want to lock in for 10 years after 2015. And in every single case, we've seen the rollups that we anticipated. They haven't -- a lot of them haven't come through our numbers yet because the existing sub-tenant leases are still in place, right? So -- but in every cases, we are seeing the rents that we anticipated but not more.
Douglas T. Linde: There is a similar rollup opportunity for the State Street space. It's -- I think the rents will not be as high, I mean if we're getting mid-60s-plus from up the 22nd floor to the 50th floor, the rents that we've projected at the base of the building were more in the nature of $45 to $50 a square foot, and that's where we're making proposals today. But there's still a lot of significant rollup from where State Street is currently leasing space from us.
Douglas T. Linde: I think we've overextended our welcome with you as investors. So have a good lunch. And we will see some of you in the REIT in San Diego and some of you we'll see I'm sure in the halls of the various conferences that occur in the beginning of the year in New York City. So thanks and have a nice day.
Michael E. LaBelle: We'll, we've got about $1.2 billion now and we've got $400 million of development spend over the next 15 months, and then another $150 million of development spend, basically in 2014, to complete 250 West 55th Street and 680 Folsom Street. Our cash flow is going up. We do anticipate that we're going to have positive cash flow. So, as you said, that will help. We expect, based upon refinancing the roughly $600 million, we will have cash balances in the $800 million range at the end of next year. And depending on what our opportunity set looks like, what our investment opportunities may be will drive what we do in the capital markets, in terms of raising additional capital through additional debt. As Doug said, disposing of some assets, that might create some capital or we still have the ability to utilize our ATM which has capital available on it in the context of doing additional investment to keep our leverage balanced.
Michael E. LaBelle: I'm going to -- let me try and answer a couple of portions of that question. So, on the timing, our view on where the drawings currently are and what it will take to complete the building drawings to the point where we would have a set of drawings that we could bid and then get going on a construction, is really about a year. Could it be accelerated by a couple of months? Potentially. But that's sort of the perspective, and the land purchase will occur sometime during the first quarter, probably of 2013. So that's sort of where our timing expectations come from. I mean, believe me, if there's tenant demand and there's a way to accelerate it, we will do everything in our power to put ourselves in a position to meet that tenant demand. With regards to building, the product that we are going to be creating is going to be a pretty unique product, in terms of how it fits within the context of the existing market. And the height of the building, the height of the floors, the mechanical systems, the window systems, the way HVAC is being distributed. It's going to be a pretty unique product. And we clearly believe that the product is not going to be leased at the market in contrast with buildings that were built between 1970 and 1995 or 2000, in San Francisco. So, we clearly believe that it will achieve the rent that is higher than where the actual market is today, on sort of a relative basis.
Michael E. LaBelle: A big portion of the space is street-level space, which is going to be incredibly attractive opportunistic space. There's also some lower level and third level space. So when you kind of look at it altogether, it's going to be equal to, to down a little bit, from what CBS was paying based upon our current expectations.
Michael E. LaBelle: I would say it's the latter. And it's not that it's weak, it's just slow. And it's clearly a different type of environment than it was back in 2007, which was sort of my point in providing the contrast numbers. It doesn't mean that it's not going ever get there again, it's just that the market that we're in right now is a different type of a market, and it's a market where you have to be prepared to do smaller transactions to lease a space. The good news is that the floor plan at 510 Madison Avenue, which is the building that, obviously, where we're trying to get $100-plus rents, is 11,500 square feet or less. So it is sort of been created and it's been positioned to maximize the opportunity set for those types of tenants.
Michael E. LaBelle: The FAS-141 for 2013 is just over $60 million for the company, including both the wholly-owned and the JVs and it was about $5 million higher in 2012.
Michael E. LaBelle: Just going back to the question that we had to go look at the numbers for. So the cash NOI, which would include the NOI from the same-store portfolio, the acquisition, the developments coming online and the joint ventures is about $1.3 billion.
Michael E. LaBelle: As I said before, I think -- I feel like as we enter 2013, it's a very similar type of environment that it was in 2012. It's interesting. All of the problems that Mort has been talking about are all of the same problems he was referring to a year ago. And we've just sort of moved through another calendar without much in the way of a resolution on any of it, unfortunately. So I think the opportunity set is sort of there other than maybe the lifecycle of some of the people who've made investments in previous times has gotten further along. And if they're IRR driven, maybe they are -- there's receptivity to selling. And there's a concern that the low interest rate environment may be less of a prolonged period than it was a year ago. But aside from that, I really do think that, that things just sort of feel like they're the same.
Michael E. LaBelle: So we've been in a -- how shall we say it? Employee or er-friendly labor market for an extensive period of time. When you get into an employee market where there's an opportunity for employees to move, I think that the environment that those employees have been asked to live in is going to become an important determinant as to whether or not they are just sticking around or moving to the next opportunity. That along with compensation obviously. And so, I think there's certainly a risk that companies that are looking simply at their employees as a cost, and they're looking to try and squeeze them into the smallest amount of space possible so they can reduce their costs, are going to be at risk for being in difficult situation. But there's also are different ways, people are working. And as people think about how they're working differently and they're using space differently, it may be that it becomes much more comfortable and traditional 5 years to have employees that are working at, effectively, trading operations types of debt spaces with big community areas and lots of conference rooms and telephone rooms so that they can get their privacy when it's necessary. And that made me feel very comfortable. So I think it's going to really be dependent upon the particular industry group and how those individual companies really treat their employees from both a -- community space as well as an individual space.
Michael E. LaBelle: Certainly possible, Michael. I mean we've got, as I've said, our occupancy we're talking about going from 91.6 today to an average of between 92 and 93 in 2013. So there is certainly still room to grow that occupancy. And you've got space in New York City in places like 510 Madison Avenue, 540 Madison Avenue, as you leased up the space, which as Doug pointed out he kind of went through some of the spaces that we kind of didn't say we're going to lease until the end of '13. Those are high-quality spaces, very marketable spaces they will lease. So as they lease, they will improve our cash flow in those periods.
Michael E. LaBelle: The only other thing that I would mention that we've mentioned in the past, Michael, is that the Hancock Tower. We still have the Bain Capital lease on free rent through 2013. And into the beginning of 2014, that's a 270,000-square foot lease.
Michael E. LaBelle: So -- and, Michael, just to give you a perspective. So when we looked at 101, we looked at 333 market which is Wells Fargo building. And If you -- in order to sort of get to the same -- or the kind of IRR that you need to sort of rationalize those investments, the rents that you're looking for in those buildings are actually higher on a projected basis than they're what we were looking at for the rents that we would be leasing at, at the Transbay tower in 2015 and 2017.
Michael E. LaBelle: Yes. I mean, as Doug mentioned, we have some good activity from some, probably, sizable tenants. Tenants are -- that are between 40,000 and 60,000 square feet that are looking at Bay Colony, that have been excited about our plan there. We completed one of the buildings and re-did all the common areas, we re-skinned another building and it looks great out there. The challenges Doug went through is getting these people from I'm excited about this to actually making a decision to lease space. And none of them have said we're staying where we are, we're changing our mind, so what we have done is we said we aren't going to do some leasing in Bay Colony, it's going to be later in the year in 2013 though. As opposed to sometime in the next 2 quarters.
Robert E. Pester: This is Bob Pester. I just might just add that the floors Doug mentioned, that we have an EC 4 that are vacant right now, which are high-end floors. It's not that they are without activity, we actually have several proposals pending on those floors. Whether we make those deals remains to be seen, but we do have activity on those floors.
Robert E. Pester: Steve, this is Bob. Ken Rosen just did an in-depth analytical study of the Bay Area markets from a commercial real estate perspective and job growth perspective. If you take a look at that, that's probably the most compelling argument I've seen on why San Francisco will continue to grow, and I'd be happy to send you a copy.
Robert E. Pester: I'll answer that, this is Bob. I think it depends on the tenant. I mean, certainly there are some tenants that are taking more space than they need. But I think that would be the exception rather than the rule. Macy's.com, which is occupying space in 680 Folsom and it has approximately 220,000 square feet, we met with them the other day and they actually are looking at taking additional spaces at this time. In fact, they just leased some space over on Fourth Street to tide them over until they move into this building. So I think you're seeing a combination of 2 types of tenants, some that, for the most part, take the space they need with little growth, and then other tenants that are taking space with the anticipation of that they're going to grow.
Unknown Executive: Just to follow up on that. Relative to that deep floor point. This is really motivating a lot of the law firms in Washington, D.C. from a wholesale move out of an older building into the newer buildings that are specifically designed for this new space dynamic. And also, Steve, on the public sector side, here in Washington, we're seeing the GSA, regardless of who gets elected, really forcing the square footage ratios down to below 200 square feet per person. And I think that's motivating some of their early renewals. I think that was one of the factors with us, renewing DOJ at 1301 New York prior to the 2014 expiration. They wanted to lock in the space and stay where they are as opposed to be subject to these new space dynamics.
Unknown Executive: Well, as I said previously, I think some are kind of opportunistic type of execution of leases. I think the renewal of 1301 clearly falls in that case. I think our discussions with the last piece of space at Patriots Park is also opportunistic. I think the private sector is really the one we need to focus on, and whether the defense cuts that are planned are actually implemented, that could be that has a profound impact. I think the other thing is GSA is still trying to sort its way out from the issues they have relative to the internal controls both on the execution of leases but also their G&A. And we're seeing many GSA contract officers just waiting on the sidelines to make sure the actions are about to take will not be scrutinized either by other GSA officials or congress. So there was a temporary paralysis hopefully after the first of the year will break loose both on the public and the private side.
Unknown Executive: Michael, I'd -- just to protect Mike and the rest of us , we're not nearly ready to talk about 2014.
Unknown Executive: Michael, I'd just might add, that 101 treated at a low sub for CAP rate. Actually, it was in the 3s. And it's a 35, 40-year-old building at this point, and we feel on Transbay that we can sell the building for a similar cost with higher yield.
