Douglas Linde: So Nick, this is Doug. So I think that Owen's comment was 100% accurate, which is our occupancy is going to increase. Mike would also tell you that we have a cycle with regards to particularly our CBD leasing, which by the way, we're in the mid-90s on an occupancy level right now. Where those leases take some time to go from lease to occupied, right? So we have a 200,000 square foot piece of space that's available in a particular building, and we sign a lease for it, but we may not see actual occupancy for 12 to 16 months because the tenant has to actually physically build out the space. And so it's a little hard for us to give you a tight projection on when our occupancy number will actually start to materially increase. The trajectory is -- there's no question it's going up. And if we end the year again with this new adjusted in-service portfolio with the availability that we have in these life science buildings, in the mid 87s, we will -- my guess is, be in the 88 in 2025, and we could get lucky relative to delivering some space where the tenant takes it in and as condition. And suddenly, we get a big pickup in "occupied", and therefore, we can start recognizing revenue. Those are the kind of things that would make a material difference, but we're not counting on those.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And Steve, this is Doug. I will just make the following additional comment, which is this stuff works with stick frame. So the things that we are looking at in our Suburban I'd say, non-office likely potential properties in the Greater Waltham market as well as in Northern Virginia are the places where you will probably see us being able to start things sooner rather than later. CBD construction and CBD rents are much harder to pencil right now. And all of our teams are looking at it and studying it, but we don't -- we're not sure that 2025 will be a position from -- an economic start on that stuff.
Douglas Linde: So John, I think that the stabilization dates assume a 85% occupied square footage of the building. So that's sort of how that works. So presumably, the leasing would be done in the 12 to 18 months prior to that date occurring and we would be building out space and generating revenue when those tenants actually moved in. And I'll let Mike talk about our capitalization method.
Douglas Linde: And again, unfortunately, it's just geography, but we throw all of these development assets 12 months after we've completed base building into our in-service portfolio wherever they are leased. And so they have a muting effect on our occupancy, even though they're not really apples-to-apples part of the in-service portfolio that we're describing on a sort of quarter-by-quarter basis.
Douglas Linde: So this is Doug. What I would say is I'm going to ask some of the regional management teams to discuss what's going on, but we have effectively done almost every building from the sort of a reimagination, reamenitization project perspective, it's either underway or it's just about complete. And I can let Rod talk about what's going on Embarcardero Center and I'll let Peter, Jake talk about the things that we've been doing in the Greater D.C. market, and then Brian can discuss 200 Clarendon Street, but that's kind of the last of the major changes. Hilary has a few little things going on the margin in some of her buildings. But why don't we start with Rod.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So Camille [ph], this is Doug. So on the tech side, I actually don't think it's about downsizing much anymore, Caitlin, it's really at this point about whether they want to make high value-added investments in their real estate relative to their current platform of human beings and where their spaces are. So as an example, you may see some tech companies, large tech companies making incremental expansions in particular cities because that's where they think talent is. But on the margin, those companies are not growing quickly. We are starting to see dollars, right? And you're seeing this both on the life science side as well as the venture side being raised by companies that will be the next group of organizations that are doing something that to create value for the world at large, the business community, the improvement in the human condition from the perspective of life science and elongating the value of people's lives. That pipeline of money, it takes time to move into the organizations and those organizations to really create for new opportunities for growth from an office perspective. It's been going on. We're hoping that we'll start to pick up, but I'm not smart enough to know when that's going to happen, but we know it will happen. And as we think about our cities and our portfolio, we have a view that there will be more creation of new jobs and new economic activity in life science and in technology broadly thinking, then there will be in traditional financial services to asset management, professional and administrative services. So we're banking on that happening. It's just a question of when, and it's really hard to be able to sort of give you a time frame for that.
Douglas Linde: And Vikram, on your question about sort of renewal versus new. So I -- one of the things I provided in my remarks were the amount of vacant space that we leased in each quarter and what's going forward. And so that number is coming out to somewhere around 40% of our leasing is those types of added occupancy generators, and the rest of it are renewals. And generally, when we're doing renewals, the majority of it is forward, but some of it is relatively broadly speaking sort of in the contractual expiration period of the given year. So we do have a bunch of leasing that we're doing for 2024 expirations, but the majority of that is for 2025 and 2026.
Douglas Linde: So I'm not entirely sure of what you want to use as your from when-to-when point. But I can tell you that net effective rents in our Park Avenue submarket of Manhattan and I'll let Hilary comment are higher today than they were six months ago, and they're higher today than they were a year ago. I can say the same thing definitively about the Back Bay submarket of Boston, but it's going to take a long time for that to occur in markets where there is a significantly larger availability rate because of the nature of having to basically steal market share from existing embedded occupancy. And Hilary, you can maybe comment on sort of transaction costs and what's going on with the rents in Manhattan because it's obviously the clearest example of what's going on from an NER perspective.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Steve, it's Owen. So most of what we're pursuing is on land or other assets that we control that we are re-entitling. There's -- it's no secret that there's a shortage of housing, certainly affordable housing in this country broadly. And I think communities are a lot more interested in entitling housing projects today than they have been in the past. And that's a real help to our activities. The obstacle is what you described, which is costs, which have gone up not only for materials but also capital, given interest rates. But to come to your question, we have a pretty significant portfolio of land that we control that we're pushing through this entitlement and design process, but not all the projects pencil. What we're trying to get on a project basis is mid-6 yields and higher. And as you also suggested, our goal would be to bring in JV partners for that. I mentioned this Skymark project that we are currently opening in Reston, we own 20% of that project and have an 80% JV partner. And our hope is to establish similar types of joint ventures for these projects in our pipeline.
Owen Thomas: Yes, Michael. Good morning. So we provide in our IR deck, a graph of S&P 500 earnings growth versus BXP's leasing activity. There's a clear correlation. Not all of our clients are in the S&P 500, but S&P 500 earnings growth is just an indicator of, I would say, corporate health. And when companies are growing and they're healthy, they're more likely to invest higher and lease space. So I think it's real. And this year, it's proving itself once again because in '23, we had more muted leasing activity. There was no S&P 500 earnings growth. This year, the growth is stronger and our leasing is stronger. So that correlation holds. You are 100% right. I think, in terms of your comments about tech leasing. When you look at the markets today, I would say outside of tech and life science, our leasing is almost back to normal, whatever that is defined as pre-pandemic. Those are the two places that there is a gap. And I recognize some of the S&P 500 earnings growth is coming from tech companies. But again, when you look at the data, that correlation holds, S&P 500 earnings growth to leasing, and it seems like it's holding this year in 2024.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I don't think it's a huge difference for us. I mean, clearly, there's some tax issues that are coming up over the next couple of years where if there's a -- one party or the other gets elected, it could have some impact. But I will say state and local elections have a larger impact on our day-to-day business. What's going on with real estate taxes in our city, what's our ability to entitle real estate, what's going on with commuter -- transit, what's going on with safety and crime and are -- in the streets of our cities. Those types of issues have a bigger impact on us than issues at the federal level.
Owen Thomas: So and just to add a little bit to what Doug said, and I've mentioned this on prior calls, the -- a lot of the large tech companies took a lot of space in '21 and '22. And I think there's a digestion process that's underway, and we can't really forecast when that completes. But again, I would reiterate Doug's point about where the relative growth will be. And then I think the other thing that's interesting that I mentioned in my opening remarks is what are the in-person work policies of the tech companies, and Salesforce just this last month or last couple of months announced that starting in October, they expect almost all their employees to be in the office three to five days a week, and that's a big change in their policy, and they're one of the biggest employers in San Francisco. So I think that's going to have an impact as well.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I mean, Vikram, the hiccup is clearly in the premium buildings. I gave you all the statistics on it, the asking rent gap. There's a lot of speculation. Well, as the market improves, this gap is going to be decreased. So that hasn't happened. It's definitely stayed flat, if not grown. I do think in certain locations, though, that are very desirable like around Grand Central Station, the market strength does creep into the -- beyond the premier segment. I think that's true for special locations.
Owen Thomas: Good morning, Floris. Yes. Floris, first of all, on the foreclosure activity and short sales, loan sales and things like that, there's been very limited activity in those areas for premier workplaces. I think generally, the premier assets, usually they are less leveraged. They're in stronger hands, and if they are leveraged, they're usually performing pretty well. And if they have a problem, the owners are doing whatever they can to fix the loans. So we just haven't seen much foreclosure or distressed activity with the premier assets for all those reasons. That all being said, we've gone -- we've had a deal drought here for a couple of years. And investors, other owners, they got to get on with their business plans and at some point, they need to transact. And so I do think we're seeing increased, as I described in my comments, testing of the market of certain assets, I won't get into any specifics, but there are definitely a handful of buildings right now that are being offered in the market, I think they're premier, and it's just going to be interesting to me if that bid-ask spread gets bridged. Because right now, I do think there's a bid out there for premier assets. And so far, no owners have elected to take it. And I think the second half of this year will be interesting to see if any of those deals come to fruition.
Owen Thomas: We have no more closing remarks, and I would like to thank everybody for their interest in BXP. Have a good rest of the day.
Michael LaBelle: So the policy around capitalization is that we stop capitalizing interest and any expenses associated with assets like real estate taxes, 12 months after the base building is completed. So like for 103 CityPoint and 180 CityPoint that Doug described that is going into the in-service portfolio later this year, those base buildings completed in the third and fourth quarter '23. So in the third and fourth quarter '24, the capitalized interest will stop on those assets. And so they're not fully leased. So we'll have some impact there. The 751 gateway asset completed its base building in the second quarter of '24 and 360 Park is later this year. So those will have some impact next year and then later next year for 360 Park. That's kind of the timing associated with how the capitalized interest works.
Michael LaBelle: So our maintenance CapEx, I would suggest it's going to run somewhere between $80 million and $100 million this year, which is in line with, I would say, historical type of averages, maybe a little bit lower. We do have some repositioning CapEx that is more meaningful this year than it was last year, primarily at 200 Clarendon Street, where we're putting in a pretty significant amenity center that is going to result in tenant retention and higher rents in that asset. So you may have noticed this quarter, there was a little bit more of repositioning capital. On the leasing side, this quarter was lower because we just didn't have that many leases commenced this quarter. It was just a little bit bulky, obviously, quarter-to-quarter on our leases commenced. And I think that a run rate -- annual run rate is $200 million to $240 million of lease transaction costs that would be part of our AFFO calculation.
Michael LaBelle: I actually think our operating expenses were less than we expected them to be. So I think maybe they increased a little bit because there's a little more utilities expenses in the second quarter and repair and maintenance in the second quarter versus the first quarter. We generally get started a little bit slower at the beginning of the year on some of those items. And I think the third quarter is generally higher than the second quarter seasonally as well because of weather conditions again utilities. And I would expect R&M to be a little bit higher too, and that's kind of in line with where our budget is and that it would be probably a little lower in the fourth quarter.
Michael LaBelle: So our leverage ratio is impacted by the funding of our development pipeline in a negative way. And then in a positive way when that development pipeline delivers and starts generating EBITDA, right? So every quarter, we're funding developments that aren't going to be completing and delivering for a year or two or three. We have two major developments in Cambridge that are going to be delivering, one, 300 Binney Street delivering in the first quarter of next year. And the other one is 290 Binney Street that is 3x the size of that one, that's going to be delivering in 2026. Both of those are 100% leased. So when that stabilize, it will moderate the leverage. The other developments we -- as was mentioned earlier, we pushed out a little bit, but when they stabilize, they will also moderate the leverage. So that will be, I'd say, impactful. And when we think about leverage, we think about kind of pro forma leverage for those types of investments, which would reduce our leverage probably a full turn or so, plus or minus, which would bring it back down below into the 6.5x to 7.5x range, right, which is where we kind of typically target. So I think we're temporarily higher than that, but we were going to stay higher than that for the next several quarters, the time frame that you just described as we complete this pipeline.
Michael LaBelle: So the terminations -- not all of them have occurred. The one that you mentioned was in the media. And one of them -- that one was a pure termination. The square footage in the media was inaccurate, however, it only impacts 20,000 square feet of our occupancy in the near term. The other two, one is the tenant that we're downsizing and relocating within our portfolio. They're staying with us. And we've got another tenant that is 4, 5x their size that is going to be coming in and taking their space as well as other vacant space that is in that building. So that deal is not signed yet, but it's something that we're working on, and we're confident in. And then the last one is a tenant at the Prudential Center, where we have a tenant whose business plan has changed. They've been looking to vacate their space and we have somebody else that wants it. So that tenant is going to be coming in. But the exiting tenant will be leaving in either the third or maybe the beginning of the fourth quarter, probably the third quarter, but the new tenants is not going to be coming until the first quarter of '25. And so that's really the situation we're dealing with on these is the exiting tenants are leaving in 2024, and the new tenants aren't coming until 2025. We also had a similar situation in the New York City market at 601 Lex, where we have an expanding tenant that's looking for space, and we found somebody that would exit. And so that tenant has exited, but the expanding tenant will not be going in until mid-'25. So it's just an example, if you add up all that square footage, it's 100,000 square feet of occupancy that's hurting us this year, where we're really -- it's really a good thing because we're bringing in a client that's a growing client who wants to sign a long-term lease with a client who's closer to their expiration date, maybe their plans have changed. In the case of New York, the client had already signed a lease in another building a couple of years ago because they needed space and so they were able to just consolidate into that building. So every situation is a little bit different. It's all case-by-case. But this is kind of what we do. We try to manage these buildings and work these buildings so we can limit downtime, increase rents and cover exposure.
Michael LaBelle: So the same-store NOI this year, which is modestly down, right, is due to occupancy being a little bit lower this year than it was last year, right? We've actually offset that a little bit with rent growth. So rents are actually higher than they were last year, but the occupancy has a much bigger impact than the roll up or the roll down of a lease by 5% or 10%. So as Doug described in his occupancy views and we can't -- we don't know the exact timing, but our expectation is that we will start to have more -- some occupancy growth next year. And if we get occupancy growth, that should go into the same-store, so that will help the same-store.
