Mortimer B. Zuckerman: This is Mort. Really, no. We do have some space in that building, as you may know, that is used for retail. But beyond that, no, the answer is no. We haven't changed our attitude to that building. The Sony building is an interesting sort of experience, not only in terms of the price and the price per square foot but as you point out, the possibility, the real possibility that they will be introducing a hotel use into that building. And that was possible in that building because of the floor sizes, et cetera, et cetera, but that doesn't work at all for the General Motor Building, which we are intending to maintain as the most preeminent office building in New York City.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Yes. This is Mort, and I just want to add one thing to it that we are thinking about in terms of buildings. And that is, if we find a way to provide the infrastructure of technology, that almost every tenant is going to be needing, so that every tenant doesn't have to put it in but connect in to our central facility there. I think that would not only add value to the building, and it would make it much more attractive to a lot of smaller tenants who don't want to get into the cost of putting in a major connection to any kind of online network. So that's something, I think, that is going to be a part of almost every building, major office building, in the country over time, and I think people are going to be putting that in. One of the things that we've looked at, for example, is a global service in terms of the technology of just a visual connection with other parts of the world so that whether they'd be board meetings or private conversations, that this is a technology that is available in some of our buildings. And I think that's something that we're going to be looking at fairly carefully, really, in terms of adding to the value of buildings over time -- our theory always being that we've got buildings that should be enhanced over time even though that we think that they are very, very good buildings today.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, I think it is -- some portion of that is going to get through the Congress. It will not be reversed by the Congress, let me put it that way, because that's already a law, so to speak. This is not in the same category as the debt ceiling, which would have had a whole other level of complications for the federal government. So I think some portion of this sequestration will, in fact, be put in place. Now, obviously, it's not going to be a positive for the economy in the short term. But the real question now is, sooner or later, the extent of our deficits and the debts that we are accumulating is going to become an increasingly large -- a larger consideration in the way people evaluate the economy of the future. And the future is not going to be that far away. We're talking 3 or 4 or 5 years. So I think that one way or another, there's going to have to be some program to address the accumulation of debts and the deficits that we have. Let me just put it this way, the -- if you look at the projection of where our fiscal policies are bringing us, at some point, the only thing the government is going to be able to afford is the interest on the debt, and it will not be able to afford any other programs. Now, of course, that's just an unrealistic outcome, but it does say that -- it suggests that there's going to be some pressure to do something about reducing expenditures and increasing taxes. If interest rates go up by 1% at this stage of the game, it adds $150 billion to the debt, the annual debt of the government. So we are in an unsustainable and an unattainable situation in fiscal terms. So I do believe that the easiest one politically for the Republicans to deal with is the sequestration. They've got to show the country to justify their whole political approach that they're doing something about reducing the annual deficits and, therefore the national debt. So I think in some form or another, a substantial portion of that will get through, and then we'll just have to see what happens, whether or not there can be any kind of constructive dialogue between the Republicans in the house and the Democrats and the Administration and in the Senate. And I don't believe anything on that level is going to look -- is going to be serious until we see what happens with the Senate election next year, and then you'll see who controls the Senate. And I think that's the next stage of what's going to happen. The Democrats and the Obama Administration are going to make a huge effort to see that they can at least reduce the Republican majority in the house because that's the thing -- that is the body that's going to be blocking their own programs. But at this stage of the game, we've done nothing at all to deal with the debts or the deficits. Now you can argue that -- there is an argument that there's good reason for that given how weak the economy is. So I will just reiterate 2 obvious things. We have the most stimulative fiscal policies in our history, in which we are adding at this stage of the game $1,300,000,000,000 to our national debt or $25 billion a week and have a monetary policy that's putting $85 billion a month of new money into the economy according to the Federal Reserve Board -- Bank itself. So we are in a situation with the most stimulative fiscal and monetary policy, and yet our economy is growing, if it's growing at all, in the weakest terms that we've had. And so everybody is looking at very, very difficult choices to try and resolve these issues that we are now in the midst of. And we're going to see, but I don't think that the sequestration portion of it is just going to be reversed.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: That's very funny. I don't know. I was quoted in The New York Times on this subject. And I said if there was such a thing as an appointed Mayor of New York, I'd consider it, but otherwise, no. There's no chance that I will run for the mayoralty of New York. And I'm going to interpret your question positively on the assumption that you think I could contribute more as the Mayor than I could in any other capacity. But, no, there's no way that I'm going to do that. That's it.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Let me just add one thing. I mean, I think this is the obvious thing that the whole market in buildings, the transfer and sale of buildings and the purchase of buildings is to a larger degree than usual dominated by how much capital is available and financing at the rates that are available. And that's what sustains a lot of the values. It's certainly not in most cases the demand for office space which, of course, has been affected by the recession and by the concerns over the future. And only a very few selective buildings are doing relatively well. I think is driven primarily by the cost of capital.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Okay. Let me add. This is Mort. I want to add one other thing to the way the tech tenants, in particular, look at space. They don't have a lot of separate offices for each of their individual employees. It's much more of a collegial atmosphere in which they have 8, 10, 12 people sharing a larger office space. But what that means is the amount of rentable space per employee is actually quite a bit reduced. So in a sense, that enables them to afford higher rents if it's the kind of building that they really want to be in for one reason, either for location or its access to surrounding amenities or what-have-you. So it's a very, very different kind of culture in a lot of these technology firms compared to the traditional -- well, I mean, in terms of space and in terms of the way they lay out space. But it does from the point of view of those tech companies really present them with opportunities to go into buildings that are in the right locations as far as they are concerned, even if they have to pay a higher rent per square foot because they have much fewer or quite a bit of a reduction in the amount of square feet they have per employee.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: There's no doubt but that the interest rate environment, particularly for the longer-term debt, makes us look much more seriously at the longer-term financing than we have more recently. The market is so remarkable and so attractive that it's inevitable that we're going to be looking at it seriously.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Hello, it's Mort. I just want to add one thing. I don't want to lose the context of what we're working in, okay? Basically, just again will emphasize, the overall economy, which slipped at 0.1% annual rate, that's the first decline since 2009 in the second quarter, and the consensus estimate was plus 1.5%. Now I -- if you want to call it a 1.5% growth economy, I would also point out that the pace is usually more than double that in the fourth year of a recovery. So the headwinds are really formidable. And I think what we have been able to do in that context is really quite remarkable. And we cannot predict just how this is going to permeate, even the markets that we are in. But it is something that we always think about and it will frankly affect us in terms of what we do, not only on the plus side in terms of leasing but also on the other side, which is in terms of financing, because we think the financial markets are really going to be very attractive for quite a period of time. And the economy is going to remain very weak and there's no way that the Feds are going to do anything other than what they have promised to do, which is to keep interest rate low for at least another couple of years at this stage of the game. So we're looking at a very attractive financing market because of the weakness of the economy and we'll just have to measure how we do in the context of that economy as we go forward. It's something that we have by and large, shall we say -- I don't want to say we have avoided it completely, but we've really been able to avoid the brunt of what it is in terms of the economy. But we will be definitely able to take advantage in longer-term financing what that has produced in the financial markets. So I just wanted to put the weakness of the economy back on the table because it's definitely going to affect everything we're doing.
Douglas T. Linde: I would describe the review that we are doing as not either of those. The tack that we're taking is, are there assets in our portfolio where the cash flow characteristics of the building may be such that there are investors in the buildings who value the buildings in a way that would allow us to redeploy our capital into other assets in a more meaningful -- with a more meaningful contribution, i.e. a higher overall return in the future? So these -- some of these buildings are buildings that you might consider -- think of as core buildings. Some of these buildings are buildings that are on the periphery but where we don't think there's much in the way of additional growth but where there's really strong cash flow. So it's really -- it's much more asset-specific than sort of conceptual, Jordan, in terms of how we're approaching them.
Douglas T. Linde: So there's no easy answer to that. The answer lies in what we're going to do -- what we're doing with a particular building. And interestingly enough, in some cases, we believe that we can actually achieve revenue from the improvement. In other cases, we think it will improve the velocity and the overall revenue that we can get from the rest of the space. We have generally been spending somewhere in the neighborhood of $1 to $2 depending upon the year on our assets with these types of improvements. When we purchase an asset, we generally build in the capital in a more meaningful way. So as an example, at Bay Colony, we said to the world, "Look, we're buying this building, these buildings, for $180 a square foot." And we expect we're going to put in between $25 and $30 a square foot or $25 million in redoing all of the common areas and changing the configuration of these buildings to create the types of environments that I'm describing. So in some of these assets, it's sort of part of our plan when we buy it. In other cases, as an example, in Embarcadero Center, we've got 3 million square feet of office space, and I would expect that we're going to be spending somewhere in the -- close to $1 a square foot on that type of an experience change in the retail over the next year or so. And it's -- and so it's that magnitude. Sometimes, we're able to find vendors who are prepared to put the money in. So in some cases, we're working with AT&T and Verizon buildings where they have strong needs for helping their own portfolio to put in these GAAP services. And instead of us having to invest $4 million or $5 million, the service provider is investing the $4 million or $5 million. But we're negotiating and setting it up in a way where we can take advantage of what they want to do, as well as inform our tenants and prepare our tenants for the opportunities there and get them to sort of be our partners in these types of transactions. So it's very much varying.
Douglas T. Linde: So the vast majority of the leasing has been in the biotech life science industry. They are the cluster of companies that still believe in the New Jersey area from either a drug development or from a marketing perspective. The growth there has been significant, so -- and for the most part, they've been foreign pharmaceutical companies that -- in our portfolio that have expanded. And we're optimistic that we're going to see more of that.
Douglas T. Linde: No, they're -- well, we've -- we're the ones who -- when we bought the building, we said we're going to try and figure out a way to reuse the concourse and the plaza level of the building. And so we are in the process of our design charrette and our tenant investigation and our discussions with the Boston Redevelopment Authority. And so we expect something will happen during 2013 to advance those discussions. And hopefully, we'll be under construction towards the end of the year, early '14, and delivering something in '14 for the customer and for the whole financial district to enjoy and benefit from.
Douglas T. Linde: It's -- at the base of the building, it's probably right around there. And as you move up the building, it gets higher and higher.
Douglas T. Linde: I would say that -- I use the word challenge differently. I'd say our biggest opportunity is to increase the leasing that we have at 510 Madison Avenue and 540 Madison Avenue because those 2 things on a revenue basis will be the most accretive to our earnings because of the rents that we're targeting there. And then, clearly, the next is sort of -- what we do in 2013 to impact 2014 with 250 West 55th Street. So that's clearly the largest hole we have with an opportunity we have to dramatically increase our revenue.
Douglas T. Linde: So I would describe the acquisition environment as similar to what it was in 2012. There are a reasonable number of assets on an individual basis that are being sold across the markets that we operate in. We are being exceedingly selective about what we're spending our time really chasing because of the issues associated with what we perceive as the advantages and disadvantages of the types of buildings that are being sold. The Equity Office properties portfolio appears to be leaking into the market in modest pieces, not as a large consolidated portfolio. So as an example, they are selling a couple of assets in suburban Boston at the moment without sort of saying, "Well, we're just selling the entire Boston area portfolio." And similarly, I believe they're selling some smaller pieces of their portfolio in Northern Virginia -- Northern California. So we think it's sort of going to be a lot of the same. A lot of the really large transactions that were being discussed in 2012 in places like Manhattan never seem to get to the finish line, and I think largely, that was due to a difficulty in the leasing characteristics of those buildings matched up with an opportunity for tenants -- for landlords to really take advantage of some of the financing alternatives that were out there, particularly in the CMBS market. So that may put a little bit of a governor on the activity level for asset sales if, in fact, the financing markets continue to be as intriguing to owners of assets as they currently were in 2012. But I think it's going to sort of be more of the same this year.
Douglas T. Linde: So we're -- obviously, we're not marketing that interest. We -- as I've described to people, we're interested to see how it all shapes up. If we have the opportunity to work with a new partner, we're happy to do that. If they're unable to achieve the pricing that they're looking for, we'll certainly take another look at the valuations of the building to determine whether or not we want to increase our exposure to those assets. We love our position in the buildings. We -- as a 60% owner and with significant opportunities on the control side, it feels really good about how we can operate the buildings and what we can do with regards to repositioning and retenanting and putting capital into the buildings. So we're encouraging our partners to take their time and find somebody who would be interested in being a partner with us, and we hope it is a productive relationship.
Douglas T. Linde: So I would tell you that I'm not entirely sure where cap rates are. I think that if you sort of had to pick a number, you would say that for high-quality, well-leased institutional New York City CBD, San Francisco CBD, Boston CBD, the cap rates are somewhere in the high-4s to mid-5s, okay? That's where our expectations of sort of where things are -- have been priced are. And I don't -- I never feel comfortable talking about what people's overall return expectations are because I think, quite frankly, that's more important than what the initial capitalization rate is on the asset when it's sold. But when we look at what people are paying for assets and what their expectations are for the changes in rental rates, if they're looking to take leasing risk over the foreseeable future, then I think that their overall return expectations are somewhere in the 6% to 7% range at best. If they are looking to capture growth in rents over a prolonged period of time, in other words, they're buying buildings where, basically, they don't have much in the way of rollover, our expectation is they are looking for a similar overall rental rate. But their growth required in order to achieve -- excuse me, a similar overall return rate. But the growth necessary to achieve that return is probably a lot higher than what they're baking into those returns when they're buying buildings with vacancy or lease expiration issues associated with them. Because what we have found and I think what is fair to say is that the transaction costs and the time it is taking to lease up space in 9 out of 10 cases is more than what is sort of written into or projected in the analytics of people who are buying buildings because of the situations that we're seeing from an overall supply and from a efficiency perspective in many of the markets that we are operating in. So I don't think that's going to change much. The capital flows continue to be reasonably interesting from all of the sovereign wealth types of institutions, but I think there are fewer of those transactions that are being done than people expect. The interest is there but the ability to sort of put your money -- make a hard deposit and go forward with something, I think, is a little bit stickier. So the frenzy and the activity is driving pricing based upon those people being around, but I'm not sure that they are actively, actually procuring buildings at the end of the day in terms of the winning bid.
Douglas T. Linde: Alex, this is Doug. So with regard to Princeton, we don't have any immediate plans to do anything with Princeton other than continue to get the buildings leased up and to make more progress on getting rid of all of our early exposure and creating longer-term leases for the portfolio. With regards to what we do with the capital and how we manage it, it's obviously a question of how big the gain is. Certain of the assets are assets that would have significant gains and we'd have to think real long and hard about the timing associated with those assets and what we have on our pipeline in terms of use of capital. Other buildings that we have may not have as significant gains, and so we may feel more comfortable not worrying about the timing and either be in a position where we have a modest return of capital or we "figure out a way" to do a smaller tax-free exchange with the proceeds. But we will think about it. It is a concern and a consideration, but we're going to -- we are going to do some asset sales in 2013.
Douglas T. Linde: And I guess I should just add one other thing onto the asset sales. When we say asset sales, selling an interest in an asset is also considered an asset sale. So that's part of our thinking as we think about the larger assets as well.
Douglas T. Linde: I think it would be dangerous to make any sort of generalization associated with how tenants are thinking about what their cost considerations are for space. Interestingly, the tenants that are leasing space in Cambridge today are paying more than they're actually paying in the types of buildings that are available in the Seaport District or at the base of buildings, and there's obviously a lot more tech demand in Cambridge than there is in other places. So those tenants that are not prepared to pay Cambridge rents are considering less-expensive alternatives. In San Francisco, we have found that the tenants that are taking large blocks of space are more interested in finding those blocks of space and are prepared to pay what is necessary to go in those blocks of space. So as an example, I think if you looked at the comps for what someone like salesforce is paying in the various buildings that they have gone into, I don't think they are being shy about the rent they're paying relative to what a traditional office tenant would be paying in those buildings. And they're not just going into the bases of building, they're taking large blocks of space where available. And even in New York City, interestingly enough, the tenants that are looking at some of the spaces below 42nd Street are, in fact, paying a significant premium to be there and to be in those types of buildings versus what they might pay to be in the base of a building on Sixth Avenue or on Third Avenue or even for that matter on Lexington Avenue. So I don't think there is any ability at the moment to sort of generalize as to what the price motivations of technology tenants are. I mean, I'm told that SAP, as an example, is looking at one of the buildings at the Hudson Yards. I consider SAP a technology company. And they're looking to be at the top of the building. So I think it's very much dependent upon the business model of those technology companies, the brand awareness that they're trying to create, the overall location in what they want to produce in terms of an environment for their tenants, presumably for their employees as they move forward, and so you can't really make that much of a generalization.
Douglas T. Linde: So I'll start, and then I'll let Ray finish. I mean, I don't want to be immodest here, but I think our Boston Properties, Washington, D.C. region so grossly outperforms every other major owner of property in that area that we have been able to figure out ways to create a tremendous amount of value even in a negative absorption difficult market. And when you think about the negative absorption in Northern Virginia of 3 million square feet this year and that we were successfully able to lease 720,000 square feet of what were effectively difficult buildings that had to be basically gutted and rebuilt and convince the Department of Defense, Intelligence Agency and ODNI to go into those buildings. Nothing sort of a terrific execution and being able to figure out a way to lease 2 years before a lease expiration at the Department of Justice and get them to renew for 15 additional years. Again it's nothing short of extraordinary in getting Arnold & Porter to commit to 375,000 square feet of space in a market, where again there's been -- for the first time in a long, long time there was no positive absorption. It's a real accomplishment, and I really do think it's about our team. So with that, I'll let Ray keep going.
Douglas T. Linde: So I would say we are attracting tenants that are in suburban 128 right now. We are not pulling tenants from other locations at the moment. Now that has happened in certain instances in other years. But right now as I look at our portfolio of opportunities to do leases, it's really a 128 expansion question. So as an example, I described we're discussing -- we're in negotiations with a 50,000 square foot tenant that is located in Waltham that needs more space. And we're talking to another technology company that is in Waltham and is looking to expand by 50%. And we have 2 other tenants in our portfolio that are expanding by 10,000 square feet and 15,000 square feet. They're looking to look at -- one is looking at Bay Colony and another one is looking at 230 CityPoint. So it's really focused on tenants that are in that market. But I will tell you that the number of biotech and life science companies that are, in fact, in and around 128 in Waltham and Lexington has expanded dramatically over the past 5 years, and they are a big, big driver of demand. It was rumored that Biogen was going to be looking to relocate out of Weston and back into Cambridge. And I think that in a perfect world, that's what they would like to do. I'm not sure they can find enough space in Cambridge to do that. And so we'll see what happens with Biogen. And those types of things are reducing the overall inventory of the market because of expansion, not because of musical chairs.
Douglas T. Linde: So just one last comment on suburban Boston. I talked about this before, but it's just part of the life out there. So what happens in Boston typically is that we create technology companies, and then bigger companies tend to buy those companies and merge them into their existing organizations, which effectively creates available space. So as an example, last year Oracle purchased Phase Forward. And we had a building at 77 Fourth Avenue that was 100% leased to Phase Forward, and they moved all those people to an existing inventory of spaces up in Burlington. And we were about to do a deal with a company called Rocket Software at one of our buildings in Bay Colony for 85,000 square feet. And suddenly, there were sublet spaces available, and they jumped into our building at 77 Fourth Avenue. So there's that dynamic that is sort of continually going on in suburban Boston. So if you looked at the overall amount of inventory that is currently leased, there's actually been some pretty significant growth over the past decade in 128. But we continue to have this organic changing of companies. They get developed by VCs. They become very successful, and then they're sort of zapped up by larger companies, and they get sort of reduced in terms of their total headcounts as the products get merged and some of the employees get moved off.
Douglas T. Linde: It's been pretty consistent. Overall rental rates are -- for a full transaction of -- package, which is $35 to $45 a square foot, rental rates are in the mid-30s. If you're doing a deal sort of more on as-is basis, a very small concession package, the rents are in the high 20s. Operating expenses in that marketplace are somewhere between $11 and $14 depending upon what township you're in.
Douglas T. Linde: I honestly don't think it's about price. I think it's about the demand. And I think that we're in an environment in the financial services sector, where there's a lot of unease and a lot of questions about sort of where people are going to be and how they're going to be funding themselves. And as I've said when I sort of talked about the statistics, 2007 and 2008, there were over 100 deals of -- in excess of $100 and it dropped to 20 in 2009 and 2010, and then it popped up to sort of 41-ish, 45 in 2012 and -- excuse me, 2011 and 2012. We are seeing lots of activity at 540, as well as at 510 Madison. But when you're leasing space unfortunately in-between 2,000 and 7,000 and 11,000 square foot increments, it just takes a lot of time. And while I think we were hopeful that there were going to be more 1-floor and 2-floor deals when we sort of entered the market and that's how it appeared when we started out, that size transaction has become the exception, not the norm, and so I think it's slower. I will tell you that the level of activity on the high-end side for tenants below 11,000 square feet is significantly higher than those who are looking for 50,000, 60,000, 100,000 square feet. So I think that's where at the moment the market really has fallen off.
Douglas T. Linde: So I will tell you that -- so Converse is talking to the owners of a project called Lovejoy Wharf, which is, I don't know, 500 yards closer to the water than the sites that we're talking about at the Garden. And they were looking interestingly in East Cambridge as well as in Boston for a location. So I think that there is some applicability between that particular location and Cambridge, given the closeness and the shortness of the bridges. The issue with that part of the market has traditionally been that the inventory has been pretty old and difficult to sort of get comfortable with if you were a growing, larger tenant. And so as we think about office space there, it's not obvious to us what the market will be in terms of where the demand is. And it's a relatively small market. There's probably 4 million square feet of space in that Garden district of Boston to the west -- to the north of Government Center. And so we're being cautious about how much of the buildings will be office and how much of it will be other uses. But as that environment changes, I think the chances for success become much greater on the office side.
Douglas T. Linde: No. I think it might go up for the office side, but the demand that we have been seeing and the Delaware North has been seeing and the interest for the retail users and the restaurant and entertainment side has been significant, and as well as there's an apartment building that is currently being developed by AvalonBay on the far side of the Garden. And you have the former West End buildings that are owned by EQR. And so there's a significant amount of residential demand and inventory right or in and around the Garden already, as well as better infrastructure. And the one thing that I think that you have to recognize is that the changes to the Artery and the improvements on the transfer from the North Station area over to the North End and that plaza and that arcade system that is now there in terms of the public spaces has really been a phenomenal change to that area of the city. So if there were product there, it might be very enticing to certain types of tenants.
Douglas T. Linde: So Michael, we get to create and participate in 60% of the value that we create right now. And we have partners who have a very lofty view of what they think the value of those buildings are. And we felt that we were better served using our capital in other places, being able to get the operating leverage associated with all we're doing at the buildings that are part of that portfolio. And if, in fact, they're unsuccessful at the valuation that they suggested that they would be able to sell their interest at, we'll take another look.
Douglas T. Linde: It's in excess of a couple hundred million dollars. And it's something that we're working feverishly on, and we hope it happens. If it does, we will be able to do something in the short term as opposed to waiting for a couple more years.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll try and answer the question in an off-handed manner. So we expect that our taxable income will continue to go up. We only provide projections for our funds from operation for a year in advance. And so Mike, I think, suggested that we're going to need to look at our taxable income again prior to the end of the year. And for this period of time, I would say that our taxable income is certainly going up higher on a relative basis more than our FFO. But we just can't go out further than that because it would be inappropriate for me to comment at what my FFO growth rate is.
Douglas T. Linde: Well, none of our markets are going to be notably down. If you look at our rollout schedule in our supplemental, you'll be able to see the overall amount of square footage that's rolling over on each market basis. We don't have this in front of us right now. So if you want to call back, Mike would be happy to go through it with you.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. I think that's it from Boston. Mort, I don't know if you have anything else you'd like to add. We thank you for your participation, and we'll talk to you again in about 90 days. Mort, anything? Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We'll see some of you in Florida in about a month, and we'll talk to everybody in 90 days. Thanks.
Bryan J. Koop: This is Bryan Koop. We're -- as we speak, we have a team working on this. And the thing that we're going to be very sensitive to is the security needs of Bank of America in this building because this plaza at one time was very, very active place in downtown Boston, and we think that, that demand is still there with its proximity to Post Office Square. So as Doug mentioned, we're working on this. We're going to be talking with the BRA about how we can do this, but the potential is, we think, really tremendous. And then the support from the community, the downtown community, has really been outstanding, and we've also received some good demand and early interest from people that would like to participate in it.
Bryan J. Koop: This is Bryan Koop. Doug mentioned we had a good year last year. It actually could have been even better. As we went into the third and fourth quarter, there were several large deals that just got put into a -- called a stall, as they reassessed the horizon on the economy. And as we entered this year, we're seeing the ice starting to break in the suburbs and renewed activity. Doug mentioned also that there's a couple of customers out in that market who had space for sublease that have pulled back and have decided to take that off the market. So those couple of things I think bode incredibly well. And along with what Doug mentioned was bio entering this market. The other thing that's really great is when you look at the existing base out there, the tenants out there are in good financial state. They have cash in the coffers and they're just being incredibly thoughtful about their expansion. And I think that's what took place in the third and fourth quarter, so we're encouraged for this year as we kick off.
Bryan J. Koop: One of the things or a couple of things that are really attractive to the office seekers that we have been speaking in early stages is the transportation here. You've got a train station that supplies the northern and western suburbs, and then also a T stop that was built by Delaware North. So the site is in really fantastic position right now to really fill in the last piece of this neighborhood that is really established on both sides; the West End with a strong residential neighborhood and also the North End. And what we're finding from office clients is that as the rents have gone up in the Seaport and Innovation District, they are increasingly looking at this location. And the big piece that's really important to them is this transportation ability that it's already there and also with parking. We've had comments from several users and also from hotel groups that have come in that they're seeing real similarities between this neighborhood and call it the Meatpacking District and what's taking place in New York City. So we're really encouraged about that.
Michael E. LaBelle: Sure. I'll go through some of the pieces on some of the big kind of capital costs. I mean, we talked about the leasing and what our occupancy is expected to be. So in order to achieve our occupancy numbers, the leasing in the portfolio has to be about 2.5 million square feet of leasing approximately, maybe a little bit more. So at our average leasing costs, our typical average leasing costs, that's about $100 million of leasing transaction cost that would be incurred. Also, on the noncash rent side, we've got about $50 million of noncash rents that are in the JV portfolio. And I talked about the $50 million to $60 million of straight-line rents and fair value rents in the same-store portfolio. So that's another $100-million-plus that comes out. Doug mentioned the CapEx -- our recurring CapEx, somewhere between $30 million and $40 million. We have nonrecurring CapEx that Doug talked about as well that is tied to our acquisitions and is underwritten in our acquisitions, and we don't typically include that in our FAD because it's underwritten in our acquisitions. And then you've got some things that go the other way like the noncash interest expense and the noncash compensation and the noncash ground rents that we have that kind of total somewhere around $50 million. So if you kind of lump all that stuff together, it's probably -- it's adjustments of somewhere $190 million to $200 million off of our FFO. So you're somewhere around $4 per share, plus or minus $0.10 on either side.
Michael E. LaBelle: Just to reiterate, Alex, none of that is in our guidance, so we don't have any sales in our guidance. And as we look at our investments and the cash that is going on and the liquidity that is going on in the development pipeline over the next 2 or 3 years, we look at asset sales as a possible -- possibly a good way to help fund a portion of that liquidity and basically raise equity and keep our leverage in shape as we invest in new development. So it's really recycling the capital that we have.
Michael E. LaBelle: Well, I think that we look at a combination of things. I mean, we really look at our debt maturity schedule and looking to stretch that out and ladder that out. So when you kind of look at the attractiveness of current coupons today at a longer end, today it's not a bad time to be starting to use that part of the maturity scale. But we're still attracted to doing a 10-year paper as well or maybe an 11-year paper. If you look at our maturity schedule, we still have something in 2023 right now, but 2024 has nothing. So I would say we evaluate all kind of maturities. Unlikely that we will do anything shorter. I would expect in the current rate environment as long as we can go, it's great.
Michael E. LaBelle: Again, I think this is something we evaluate, and there's certain other products that you could use that have the ability to modify those covenants or prepay that debt, being like a 30-year baby bond, where you have the ability to call it after 5 or even a perpetual preferred type of instrument that doesn't have covenants at all. And that's something that we're going to think about as we evaluate our debt needs this year and beyond.
Michael E. LaBelle: On the dividend side, our objective with the dividend is to have it be relatively close to what our taxable income is. And our policy has been to raise it when we believe our taxable income is going to increase, and we're basically going to be forced to increase it and put it in a place where we think that it's going to stay at that level for a period of time. So I would suggest that the increase that we have put in is kind of in line with where we expect our taxable income to be in 2013, so we wouldn't expect to be coming back next quarter or the quarter after that and having kind of an every quarter type of an increase. And as we get closer to the end of the year, we're going to be looking at our taxable income projections for 2014 and 2015 and thinking about what that means to what our dividend policy will be going forward at that time.
Michael E. LaBelle: Yes. We're kind of flat on the roll this year, and then it actually grows next year. Next year, when we start to have some of the rolls, like at Hancock that Doug talked about, in '14 and '15, we have some positives.
Michael E. LaBelle: This is really consistent with last quarter. Last quarter, Doug had mentioned that it was about $1. He didn't mention $2 to $3. He mentioned it was about $1. And we had talked about it being flat in '13 and growing in '14.
