Owen Thomas: Yeah. It's Owen, I'll take a crack at that. I think that, as I mentioned in my remarks, I think buyers are concerned about two things. One, how do they underwrite lease-up and lease growth given some of the economic uncertainty that our clients face, as I discussed. And then second, what's their cost of capital, particularly their financing and can they get financing? So a lot of the deals that are happening right now, as I described, are small, private investors, probably not using much, if any, debt financing, things like that. So I think for -- so first of all, I think there's a tremendous amount of restructuring activity that's going on in the market generally. It may not all be reported, but it's definitely happening because there are over leveraged loans that are coming due all the time. And borrowers are in discussions with their lenders on what to do. So, there are lots of those things going on right now. And then I think second, for buyers to get more active, there has to be more visibility on the two uncertainties that I mentioned. I do think some of the interest rate behavior this morning might actually be somewhat helpful to that, because I do think a stabilization of interest rates would be very helpful for buyers to get more comfortable to do transactions. In terms of how much the price has to drop, I think for the space that we're interested in, which are obviously a higher quality building, it's hard to say, because there's not a lot of transactions that you can look at and say, what is the pricing today? But I just don't think, I think our general view at the moment is, all of the negative perspective out there on office is, in our view at least irrationally spilling over into premier workplaces, which will create opportunities for BXP.
Owen Thomas: Well, I think it varies, Michael, widely, depending on the quality and location of the asset, the leasing status of the asset, the walls of the asset. I think borrowing cost today with the 10-year, I guess it's dropped a little bit today, but pushing 7%, I think for the highest quality assets, you're definitely above that. And for an asset that has a lot of leasing and other risks associated with it. I think you're looking at double-digit return.
Owen Thomas: Well, so I think this is part of something that's been confusing in the marketplace because generally, when you have a recession, company's earnings are down. And they lease less space, and that's what’s help cycles have traditionally operated for office companies, because leasing slows down when you have a recession. Here, it's confusing because it's very different. All the economic indicators look favorable, GDP growth, employment statistics. But if you dig into those statistics, it's a lot of its consumption related. And a lot of the job creation isn't in office using jobs. And then if you look at earnings, which is what our clients are looking at, is their own earnings trajectory, it's negative. It's been negative for the last year, assuming the third quarter is negative. So, that is the driver of client behavior. If you're the CEO of a company, and your lease is coming up or you're thinking about your space requirement, your decisions about that are going to be very contingent upon what you think the future prospects of your business are. And many businesses are negatively impacted by rising rates and some of the uncertainty in the economic environment. So, that's the backdrop. And so I think coming back to your question, I think certainly lower rates will help. And I think as earnings generally rise, I would expect that our leasing activity will rise with it.
Owen Thomas: I'll answer the second first and come back to your first question, Steve. So, we don't think we need to go to any new markets. We have a very significant footprint in our six core cities. And, in fact, one of the things that's going on now, which we have been talking about for several years is that the vacancy rates in certain areas of the Southeast and Southwest are actually higher than many of our core markets because of all the new development that's going on. So, we don't see a need or reason to expand outside of our footprint. Going back to your question about returns, we're going to focus on the premier segment of the market. And, so I think it's likely that the types of assets that we'll get involved in are un-stabilized. So, I'm not sure that the way to look at it is cap rate, but the way to look at it is total return. And I think that the total return requirement on a particular acquisition that we would look at would be, pushing double-digit returns.
Owen Thomas: The way we think about this is, we set, top down a parameter, which we have, which is our six markets. And in terms of specific investments, that is a bottoms-up process and a more opportunistic process. So, we're open for business everywhere, and it just depends on the opportunity, and we want to allocate capital to the best opportunities. That all being said, as you've heard from our remarks and you see in our results. It's easier to underwrite leasing activity in our East Coast markets, particularly in New York and Boston, than it is in our West Coast market. So, the assumptions that we would use in underwriting deals would obviously be more challenging on the West Coast given the market behavior.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. So, Jamie, I'll take a crack at it. Definitely, the Bay Area, and actually, I'd just say the West Coast, Seattle, it's true in L.A. as well, the turnstile activity is slower, I think that is primarily driven by the behavior and policies of the technology client base. They have been less forceful and less prescriptive about having workers come back to the office. That all being said, the activity is increasing, and I think it's going to continue to increase just more slowly. So what was the second part of your question -- was private equity. So look, there is -- I would say, certainly much more limited interest in the private equity industry today generally for office. That's why you're not seeing much transaction activity. As I mentioned in my remarks, most of it is being driven by smaller investors, family offices groups that are seeing the deep discounts that are being offered in the market and are not needing debt financing. That all being said, I do think that sophisticated private equity investors understand the difference between premier workplace and a typical office asset. And I do think for the right asset at the right price, there will be institutional interest in those kinds of assets.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. I'm not going to rule anything out, but I do think the reason that BXP has 94% of its portfolio in premier workplaces as the portfolio has been curated one asset at a time, either through acquisition, development also through our disposition activity. So, I think single asset activity is more likely. And I think it's difficult to put a dollar value on what we're looking at. I mean, we are -- our job is to be in dialogue with owners of assets that we're interested in, and the lenders to assets that we're interested in and these dialogues are fluid. And I think it's really hard to put a number on.
Owen Thomas: Thank you. We have no more formal remarks. I want to thank everybody for their time, attention and interest in BXP.
Michael LaBelle: Sure, Nick, this is Mike. The information in our supplement, I don't want to go through those details right now, but there is information in our supplemental that provides kind of what the changes in net equity values are on those assets. So, that you can determine that. Overall, from our perspective, this is an accounting adjustment that we felt we needed to make based upon the accounting rules for our consolidated joint ventures. And I don't think it necessarily reflects a meaningful change in the prospects of these assets other than Platform 16, which we talked about last quarter, where we're stopping construction. The other ones, if we had to look at -- we looked at every one of our joint ventures, just like we do every quarter. And given the kind of higher for longer and the rates. Our view is that these rates are going to be this high, and it's not necessarily going to be temporary to us. It's like, is it more than a year or not basically. And so we looked at everything and there were three other ones that just kind of got tripped. So, we reflected those. And those three other ones were smaller. Platform 16 was clearly the biggest one by far, because if you start looking at the kind of discounting the cash flows for a land development deal until you're actually going to build it. The discount rate that you would use on a development rate, which is pretty high, has a significant impact on the value.
Michael LaBelle: Yeah. I think on -- I mean you're correct on the security deposit because we said that before, that we have about eight months of security. And if the tenant defaults, we try to -- we sent out a lease termination. We execute that lease termination with the client. And if there's a security deposit, we get that, and we booked that all on the day that we get it. If the client is going to stay in the space for another 90 days or six months. We might have to amortize that over that period of time. The one thing I would add is that in the fourth quarter termination income guidance, there's two pieces to the termination income. One is, determination income we're going to be collecting that I described. But also at Madison Center in Seattle, their lease is way below market. So, there's what is called a fair value adjustment to the rent. And in order to take that off our balance sheet, we book that as income. So, about half of that termination income is this fair value that's kind of a noncash concept. And the concept is that once we get that space back either at termination or at natural maturity, we will be able to re-lease that space at a higher market rent. So, hopefully, we will be able to do that.
Michael LaBelle: Yeah. So, this is Mike. Look, we evaluated all the different markets when we decide how we're going to do a refinancing, and the credit spreads in the secured markets for very high-quality assets with long lease terms, we found is better than what the credit spread we can get from the bond market. So, our bond spreads right now for 10 years is about 285 for five years, it's probably 270-kind of area. So we're saving a lot in credit spread. The other opportunity, I think, we have is we're doing a floating rate deal. We haven't fixed it. We do have the opportunity to fix it via swap. And we're going to evaluate when and if we do that. As we kind of look at what's going on with interest rates over the next period of months. And if it becomes evident that SOFR is going to be dropping significantly by the FED in 2024 and 2025, we may keep the floating. If we see an opportunity to fix it because there's some sort of dislocation between the swap markets, we may fix that for a period of time.  So I think it provides some flexibility that way. And it’s also a floating rate mortgage is prepayable. So if the market gets better for long-term debt two years from now, we can prepay this into a long-term fixed rate deal at that time. So, it does have some advantages that we looked at when we decided to do this bank financing.
Michael LaBelle: Thanks, Camille. I'll take that one. So, you're right. I mean, our FFO has held up really well. In fact, I anticipate that it's going to be somewhere between 5% and 10% higher than it was last year. And the primary reason for that is two things. One, we had a lot of free rent that burned off last year with some large leasing that we had done. And that became cash rent this year. So, that really helped our FFO. And then our leasing expirations in 2023 were lower. So we actually had to do less leasing to maintain the occupancy that we had. So our lease transaction costs are also a little bit lower. I think in the fourth quarter, we will see some incremental CapEx, if you look at the first three quarters of CapEx, it's not really where we would have a typical run rate for CapEx. So, I think our teams out there are trying to get everything done. So I do think that our CapEx will be a little bit higher in the fourth quarter. But overall, I mean, if you -- the guidance for FFO would be something like $5 and $5.20 is what we're looking at, which I think is pretty solid. So, the run rate is a little bit lower in the fourth quarter than it has been, basically due to kind of catching up on the CapEx items that we've planned, but haven't quite been completed yet.
Douglas Linde: Yeah. So, there's a difference between know, no move-outs and tenants being headwind. So because tenants that are moving out are not moving out because they're, potentially, "in financial difficulty", right? So, the only tenant of significance that we have in our portfolio, which is obviously having financial challenges is WeWork, there are some smaller tenants, 25,000 or 30,000 square feet that we're -- that we have every year in our portfolio, who don't seem to have a business plan that's going to be long term in nature and ultimately, they give up their space. But those are de minimis. The portfolio of expirations next year actually are not -- there aren't any enormous ones. There are a couple on the West Coast, and a couple in the greater Manhattan, our New York City region, about 250,000 square feet in Princeton and just over 200,000 square feet at the building that we have on Folsom, in San Francisco, and then we're going to lose about 75,000 square feet of space from expiration Trulia, Zillow at 535. And those are really the only large ones, other than our joint venture property at 250, Times Square Tower, where O'Melveny & Myers is moving out, about 250,000 square feet, but we've covered already 75,000 to 100,000 square feet of that expiration. So it's not any sort of large particular roll out that's driving our stability sort of comment. There are three different kinds of leasing we do. We do leasing, where we have available space that we lease, and that leasing typically involve a build-out. And in our marketplaces today, those build-out periods tend to be extended, meaning, we're looking at not knowing whether or not the tenant will be in occupancy in six months or nine months or 12 months, and we can't typically book revenue on those particular assets and, therefore, increase our occupancy until those occur. And that's why we started providing this, leased but not yet in service statistic, which is going to grow over time, and you'll see a lot of that, I believe, in 2024. And so it's not going to impact our occupancy, but the leases are signed. The second kind of leasing we do are tenants that are renewing and they're renewing in a relatively short period of time, meaning, the next 12 months. And those immediately hit. The third type of leasing that we're doing is for leases that may be expiring in years post the 2024 expirations. And so as an example, I described the 300,000 square foot deal that we did this quarter, which was for 2028. So, our leasing volumes, I believe, will continue to be at a relatively strong level for the economic period that we're in, but it's going to be -- it's stubborn to sort of get that occupancy up in the short term. I've said this in the one-on-one calls and in our presentations that we've made at Nareit and other analyst meetings, which is that our West Coast portfolio, it’s really where the opportunity is to drive enhanced occupancy. So, the space that we have available at Embarcadero Center and what I just described at Folsom Street in our 535 market, as well as some of the availability that we now have because of lease terminations in Seattle and Madison Center on that end and a Colorado Center in West L.A. Those are really the sort of bigger blocks of space that we have in terms of overall volumes that will drive a outsized opportunity for growth, as opposed to where we are now, which is we're sort of treading water at this sort of 88% to 89% level. And we're going to make some marginal improvements. And then one quarter, we may have a little bit of degradation because we have a particular tenant moving out, but we're making it up. So, that's sort of the state of our views as we look at 2024.
Douglas Linde: And Michael, this is Doug. I would just say that the best measure of corporate activity as it relates to the business that we are in, is job growth. And job growth typically is a little bit murkier. You can look at the employment numbers, but you really have to get into the specific industry categories, right? So government and hospitality are not going to be favorable to office, but financial services or technology or life sciences are going to be. And as you start to see the job listings start to perk up a bit, as you start to see hiring announcements by many of the larger technology companies and some of the financial institutions, which do in fact, broadly talk about those things, you will clearly see a more, I would say, conducive environment for office leasing on a going forward basis.
Douglas Linde: So, I'm not going to get into conjecture on where WeWork is going to decide their -- they have their productive units. And where they do it or where they don't. As Mike said, at the moment, they have stopped paying rent on two of our locations, which are at Madison Center in Seattle, and Dock 72 in Brooklyn. And we have three other locations with them which are in San Francisco. So that's the universe, and the decision as to what they are going to do, I think, is going to take some time. And they're going to have to figure it out. And then we're going to have the decisions to make as to whether or not we're comfortable with whatever they propose to us. And or taking the space back. So, I think that it's impossible for me to tell you where they're going to exit and where they're not going to exit. Mike, you can talk about security.
Douglas Linde: Yeah. I just want to add one thing. And then maybe I'll let Hilary comment on this, for New York, which is, there is no question that the overall amount of demand in the market in the -- what I would refer to as sort of the Park Avenue District of New York, which is this area between, call it, 43rd Street and the 59th Street, Park Madison, Lexington, a little bit of Fifth Avenue is by far the strongest market from a demand perspective, we're seeing in the country. There are still really, really challenged opportunities in that market that are going to have to get resolved relative to the capital structures that these buildings are currently operating under. And you are not going to be able to, in my opinion, replace the mortgages that were put on many of these buildings, including Bs and mezzanine capital and preferred equity to the same level, which means there's going to be an equitization requirement. And that's going to potentially create opportunities, which, by the way, as both Owen and Mike said, that's why we were able to acquire the General Motors Building in 2008. That's why we were able to acquire 510 Madison Avenue. And Hilary, you may want to just sort of talk about what's going on in Manhattan.
Douglas Linde: I'm going to get to be sort of tongue in cheek. We don't have any peers. We are who we are. And we operate our buildings in a very different way. And we've been operating our buildings with an expectation that our buildings are fully occupied for the last couple of years. So, return to work and increase occupancy, in my opinion, is going to have no impact on our margins. What will have an impact on our margins are, what I would refer to as the sort of atmospherics out there, which are, how will the labor rates associated with union contracts for janitorial work their way out? Will the insurance markets continue to be challenging relative to the number of weather-related events and how that's impacting desirability of the insurers to provide insurance? What will the municipalities do relative to their tax burden and valuations because valuations are clearly coming down, right? And so how will that be reflected in their desires to increase their rates. All of those things, I think, are going to have some degree of pressure on margins. They're not going to have pressure on margins on an incremental basis. It's going to be over a period of time because either our leases are triple net or there are growths with our operating base and that operating base is step based upon the existing lease. So, until you get the rollover, you don't really have that impact on your overall flow. And in general, if you look back historically, over the past decade, my guess is that the margins for BXP are somewhere in the mid- to high 60s, and they haven't really fluctuated very much. So, I don't think that is an issue.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So, again, the breadth of our life science activity is our property at 651 Gateway, which we're in partnership with [indiscernible]. And there, the only significant demand that we've been seeing is from small tenants, meaning single-floor type tenants that are looking for turnkey buildouts. And then our other life science opportunity is the two buildings that we have in the Greater Boston marketplace. 180 CityPoint, which is just completed. And when anybody goes there, they are blown away by sort of what it provides, not just from a life science infrastructure, but actually from a human infrastructure in terms of the amenity base that, that building provides to any client and why they would want to be in a building like that. And that our other building at 1034th Avenue. I would say we're seeing consistent tour activity, a couple of tours every week or so. These are, I would refer to as shoppers, not buyers, right? They all have a potential use for space, some of them are lease expiration-driven. Some of them are related to potential opportunities for successful drug discovery from a commercialization perspective and therefore, added capital and therefore, the ability to hire more people, but they are being very, very cautious and it's an elongated process. And for the most part, those tenants are privately funded organizations. There are a few public out there. There's one or two sort of large organizations that are I would say, traveling around in the Greater Boston market as well as in San Francisco that are, I think they are the same names you would have -- you probably would have heard 18 months ago. Looking for space, and they haven't yet to make a decision. And they could, at any time, make a decision or they could continue to postpone. So again, it's a relatively slow process and the demand is like the demand was, call it, back in 2014 or '15 relative to the demand that we were all experiencing in 2019, '20 and early '21 where it was just explosive.
Douglas Linde: Okay. So I'll just, I'll assume that you'll -- the comments that I just made are not meant to be repeated. So let me take a different tack, which is we are not planning on starting any new life science activities in any of our marketplaces given current conditions. That being said, we have opportunities to build some fabulous life science buildings on land, which has virtually no basis in it. And therefore, we have a "cost advantage" at some point, if there is demand. When there is that demand, we will sequentially start to think about how we might be attractive to tenants that are looking for buildings where the economics would justify the new construction of the life science relative to where the market economics are. But in the short term, meaning, 2023, 2024, there's going to be absolutely no expectation for us to be starting a new life science building. There are a couple of places in our portfolio where we have existing office installations where there's actually some interested life science demand, were a tenant to show up and say, hey, we want 40,000 square feet in this particular location, would you consider putting the infrastructure in to the building to allow us to do light or heavy lab research? We would consider doing that depending upon the credit of that company. Those organizations could be anywhere in our portfolio. But absent that, what you see is what you get relative to our existing life science platform.
Douglas Linde: Yeah, Jamie, this is Doug. What my sort of add-on would be the capital that's currently aggressively thinking about office, is thinking about trading, right? They're looking at, there's an opportunity for us to get in and then get out at a much higher basis and these are trading sardines, not eating sardines. We are in the eating sardine’s business in general in our portfolio. So we're looking at these things on a long-term basis, finding a capital partner that is, today, saying, okay, now I want to jump in and I want to invest money for a duration of 10 or 15 or 20 or infinite years. Is certainly more problematic in terms of just desirability because of the nervousness associated with the overall fundamental. However, there are some, right? And Owen and James Magaldi went to the various parts of the globe this summer and had constructive conversations. We are having constructive conversations with other capital from other parts of the world that are coming into the United States, it's a slow, slow process. And I can't tell you that there's a transaction that will get consummated with BXP with one of those capital partners in the next couple of months. But there are opportunities. And as Owen said earlier in his original comments, we are talking to some JV partners about putting capital into some of our assets right now that would, I think, be the kind of capital that we would look at as long-term quality institutional capital that is not looking to trade for a profit. And so that is what we're focusing our time and attention on.
