Douglas Linde: Sure Jamie, this is Doug. Again I think I give a little bit of color on what you saw this quarter and again it was a pretty small portfolio relatively speaking that pushed their way through in terms of when the new cash rents commenced. I think that you will continue to see very strong numbers in San Francisco as we complete the million plus square feet of rollover that we had in a Embarcadero Center starting in late 2015 that going into 2016 and 2017. I think you'll see a reasonably strong number in Boston as you see the rents rolling through at 120 St. James and 200 Clarendon Street which is where the bulk of the vacancy is because those rents were so low and you recall when we bought the property, we told you that the rents were $35 to $38 at the base of the building and in the mid-50s at the face of the top of the building and we're obviously doing deals in the mid-50's the base and then in 60's, 70's and 80's up of the top of the building. In the Washington D.C. portfolio the challenge with the mark-to-market is that every single year we're able to negotiate leases with 2.5% to 3% increases. So as those increases occur obviously the rents go up so generally when you get to the end of the lease in Washington D.C. there's not much of a jump in the mark-to-market. And then in New York City, as I've described before it's very, very hit or miss and so at 399, which are we've been very clear about, we're basically going to be moderately higher overall in that building on the 500 plus or minus 1000 square feet that's rolling over because the when you're in a bit lease to Citibank it with at the end they're obviously their terms where they were bumped and then where would they be in new calculation payment. And then we'll see good increases at all of the space that's rolling over at 767 the General Motors building and then we'll - the other portfolio it's very space dependent on their spaces that are way above market and there are spaces that are there way below market.
Douglas Linde: I don't know what the economics of a blue concept are exciting that's what you're describing. But I can tell you that high end restaurants have exceedingly high upfront costs and there's so there's a long payback associated with achieving or returning as opposed to a more I don't know you to use the word and kindly but a pedestrian kind of a concept. So as an example we are talking about more of a food all at six in avenue and I would expect that the investment will be far different than the kind of investments that would be required for three or four or five Michelin star restaurants, and the revenue will obviously be different and the return in the early period of time will be significantly different as well.
Douglas Linde: So the gain on our debt extinguishment is simply accelerating the fair value interest that we would have already gotten had we let that loan run through its natural maturity of October 1st, so that was in our guidance, we were expecting to get it in the third quarter, because it's simply the fair value component of our interest expense. So as I said the GM building has an interest rate of 6% on a cash basis, but on a GAAP basis the interest rate is 3%, so we have the positive 3% that we put in every quarter to bring it to fair value. So now that we are going to pay off the loan in June, we have to accelerate the rest of that piece, because it's sitting on our balance sheet, so it has become at the positive. So it's really just timing from third quarter to second quarter that's all of it.
Douglas Linde: None of the leases that we have signed are contingent on doing anything from a legal perspective. We have an expectation that we've set with our tenants that we're going to do the right thing by the property and we've shown them the conceptual plans and then the architectural changes that we're going to be making and we've told the city of Santa Monica we can tend not doing these things, and we're going to get this stuff done you know sometime in the next 12 plus months, and it's somewhere between $12 million to $20 million probably is that sort of big picture ballpark redeveloping budget.
Douglas Linde: We have been a supporter of the co-working platforms, we have a handful of leases with we work and we have been in discussions with other operators. We have consider - we consider that co-working phenomena for lack of a better word as positive for the office markets, these companies have aggregated demand from individual users that we as a major landlord have a more difficult time doing direct leases with, they've aggregated this demand and created significant net absorption in most of the markets where we operate. And so we think it's been a positive for us. And then lastly, we think the tenants when they're in our building actually are positive for the building. We think they create energy and activity around the space and we've been positive about it. We continue to monitor the industry carefully, there are evolutions going on, some of these groups are doing more business with corporations, as opposed to support a larger users rather than individuals and we're certainly monitoring that and we are considering additional leasing with some of these groups and some of our assets. But again the good example Bob you might want to comment, we work is in 535 and we think which is a brand new building we completed a couple years ago and we think it's been a positive.
Owen Thomas: Sure. I'll start now and let Bob Pester make some comments as well. Overall we have - I'd say we've seen a very consistent stream of demand in the CBD and the vast majority of has been growth. And while that the ticket size has declined from the large scale 500,000 to 700,000 square foot requirements that were growth requirements that we saw in 2014 and 2015, there's a pretty strong number of 100 plus 1000 square foot new tenant demand drivers that is in the CBD. In the Silicon Valley, there are two or three primary drivers of growth that have been occurring for the past three or four years. Google is the first, Apple is the second and to some degree Facebook has been the third, they have been exceedingly large absorbers of space. There are a lot of opportunities to build new buildings in and around the Silicon Valley, which are for the most part have been tear down and while there is a plethora of midsize and other companies that are there, I would say that those are generally not we see young growing companies those are stable engineering firms that have a more stable and a less expansive growth trajectory than the three companies that I described. And so I would say that overall there's been less incremental demand down in the valley, now there are obviously been new companies that have gone down there like LinkedIn that's been a big grower on a relative basis compared to the first three they're smaller. Bob, if you want to add anything.
Owen Thomas: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, it is a focus for us in terms of the new investment activity. We do have a broader geography perimeter that we're focusing on beyond just Santa Monica and I think as described in prior calls, we've been looking at things imply this country city, a couple of other communities and West LA. I would say right now, we are chasing with various levels of intensity probably half a dozen different types of investment. Some are existing building that require some rehabilitation or value added and in a handful of situations we're also looking at development. Though West LA will remain a priority for us in terms of new investment and we intend to stay disciplined, we don't have a target by year-end or by year-end 2018 of a certain dollar amount that we want to invest. We want to do - we want to continue to do, what we did in Colorado Center, which is to invest in the property at a we think a reasonable price and create value with asset level for shareholders. We're not going to make investments just to grow in LA.
Owen Thomas: I think the pricing is at elevated levels in West LA. But honestly it's true in other markets that we operate in, the capital markets are very robust, I've described deals have on prior quarters and other markets like Washington that are weaker than Santa Monica that are also high levels relative to history on a per square foot basis. So I don't think some of those underlying fundamentals that you're describing are impacting the capital market for buildings in West LA.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So we did implement paid parking at Reston Town Center at the beginning of the year. As you know Reston is an urban location, it has structure parking primarily, and there is going to be the arrival of mass transit to the region and certainly not uncommon for areas with this kind of density to have paid parking. We are utilizing a state of the art parking system that is being used in cities all over the U.S. and actually the use of these systems is growing around the U.S. In Reston specifically the system has been adopted by a 140,000 users so far. Now that being said as you suggest certainly not all of our customers some but certainly not all of our customers have expressed some concerns about the system or simply having to pay for parking and we are continuing to evaluate our execution and make adjustments to ensure that Reston remains preeminent location for business and resident in Northern Virginia.
Owen Thomas: So let me just say Michael. First don't read anything into that. We are having dialogues of capital sources as we should be, but you shouldn't read anything more into it than other than that. But look as you might expect onshore and offshore investors that are interested in Class A office, they're interested in partnering with us, purchasing building, investing in our development, and we talk to those kind of groups there are intermediaries that work with those groups that also approach us about such opportunities. And so that in addition to watch to seeing the transactions that are going on in the market, and I try to describe them for all of you in each quarter, we are having some direct dialogues with these folks. But as I mentioned, our disposition targets for this year are more in the $200 range.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. Well, I'd say that generally Michael as you know we haven't been acquiring stabilize assets without upside at the cap rates where the market has been trading over the last several years, if anything we sold more than we bought in that kind of market environment. We did these very significant joint ventures with north just a few years ago to raise capital for our development pipeline. So when we look at acquisitions there are more things like I would say like Colorado Center where the building initially with 66% lease, the cap rate was quite low, but upon leasing and then rolling the existing tenants to market the yield on the investment is much higher than where stabilize building will trade. So in general we haven't been prepared to purchase buildings at the yield that I described earlier in the call, and therefore we haven't done a lot of acquisitions joint ventures with these groups.
Owen Thomas: Yes, there is one block. And we have - we could do that we could do a deal there tomorrow on that space we're just trying to make the right decision in the last piece of space.
Owen Thomas: I think that our same store growth has continued to be positive. The cash same store was over 4% in 2016, it's a little bit less based upon our projections in 2017 because we're - we've got this big rollover that we mentioned, that Doug mentioned we've got basically we're going to lose $30 million from year-to-year. So there's other growth in the portfolio we still believe we're going to have positive rental rate growth obviously in 2017 and also in 2018 and just going to be more moderate. And I think that the cash growth actually in 2018 will outstrip the GAAP growth. We've built in a lot of these early renewals that we've done where in California, the Embarcadero Center and Cambridge that we've kind of been blending in that had 2018 expiration. Cash rents are going to start to hit that in 2018, so I think the cash will be better in 2018 than the GAAP picture. But if you think about 2% down kind of starting, I mean again we're going to be positive, but until we release that 399 space, which we believe won't occur, won't hit the books until 2019, I think seeing real acceleration beyond kind of more of an inflation level is going to be difficult. But we did comment that we anticipate the $110 million to come from the hand full of assets, which is again only eight or nine assets, I mean $110 million is about 7%, so we are expecting 7% growth just from that select group of asset over a two and half year approximate period. And then there's the rest of the portfolio that obviously is going to grow at some level. So if you kind of look out through that whole period I think we will see good, good same store growth it's just again a little lumpy because the expirations and when they are.
Owen Thomas: What Doug saying about our key versus what their brand name, that more pedestrian. Each situation is different, but what we've seen here is that the desire by our client than this we have a lets we have a top chef below their space isn't necessarily as important as only think the bulk of their population wants. I'll give an example, so we have earls coming to the Prudential Center the response by earls which is a chain out of Canada has been just outstanding from senior executives that are top firms at the Prudential Center, and it doesn't have to be that Marquee top chef to get a result that you're looking for creating a great place.
Owen Thomas: Yeah, well a couple of dimensions to that, I mean first is capital need you know you've seen our leverage ratios, we just completed $4.5 billion of financing we've put away our unfunded development capital need with this and have created capacity for additional investment our overall leverage levels remain low, so we don't have a need per se for capital right now. And then as we look at the market, I talked about this in my remarks you know we are - we don't see a big spike in interest rate in the near term, we're continuing to have sluggish growth. We're certainly expect at some point to have an economic and valuation cycle for real estate, but I think the timing of that is right now, it is difficult to divine and from what we see you know we continue to believe we're going to have a constructive operating in capital market environment for the - at least for the near to medium term. So for all though and I talked a little bit about where pricing is in our lack of desire of taking on new assets that these you know flourish cap rates. So for all those reasons you know we haven't done any what I'd call major asset sales. We've been selling $200 million, $300 million of assets a year but we haven't done a major asset disposition since the north just joint ventures we did a couple years ago.
Owen Thomas: No we are not actively in discussion selling anything in New York, in the New York area at the current time.
Robert Pester: Yeah. I think if you talk to the brokers in the Silicon Valley they would say the quarter was somewhat flat, but there still were several transactions that happened I mean Amazon took almost 550,000 square feet in a couple of projects. Applied materials to go another 28,000 square feet in Sunnyvale, Bosch signed a lease in Sunnyvale for 104,000 feet. Adobe is one more to be looking at downtown San Jose for expansion of another 300,000 to 400,000, and Google who has been rumored quite some time in downtown San Jose looking at the Diridon station site that Temescal has potentially could be in the market for a million square. So overall, I would say the activity is still pretty good from an expansion standpoint down there. In San Francisco, just in the past month we've had three tenant go through sales force tower all four between 150,000 square feet and 300,000 square feet and we have another one coming by Friday Tech tenant for 300,000 feet. And that's probably the best activity of the large tenants that we've seen at any one time in the marketplace in the CBD, I would say in the past two and half years.
Robert Pester: We are fully entitled on the open side as of a couple of weeks ago, and we've looked in downtown Oakland, but before at office opportunities that I just don't see it is something that we would have an interest in at this point.
Robert Pester: Yeah, they actually refer to that as their flagship in San Francisco, and it's been extremely positive on both the building and the surrounding marketplace still looking, now looking at space where to cross the street at 560 mission, because they can't get any more in 535, because it's fully leased. And the experience we have at the minute in a Embarcadero Center which has been very short, because they just opened earlier this year has been nothing short of phenomenal, they leased out major blocks of spaces to companies like Twitch and few others and actually are potentially looking at more space in Embarcadero Center.
Michael LaBelle: So honestly really don't want to touch on the characteristics of the financing until closes. It's not going to close until June, so we're still kind of going through the process, but you know we've got a number of institutions that are sharing and what they have underwritten and agreed to lock in the commitment with us. With regard to the excess proceeds there's a pretty significant amount of closing costs, because we've got to - we anticipate that we're going to be paying mortgage tax and obviously we underline it around hedged, so if the closing costs are probably north of $40 in total. And then my expectation is that we would hold back somewhere between $50 million and $75 million dollars for CIs and capital improvements at the asset level. So if you pull out $100 million or $120 million from the $700 million of excess proceeds and you take our share, and you're talking about $300 million, $275 million that we would be able to distribute to ourselves and you know some to our partners obviously to fund the remainder of our development pipeline that we have as well as you know future development pipeline.
Michael LaBelle: I would say that the leverage is low, look this is fully investment grade institutionally price loan at these credit spreads. You know we haven't completed an appraisal yet, but there's certainly been an analysis of it and you know our view on how we finance these assets is that you know we want to maintain a reasonable amount of leverage, but we want to put sufficient capital on the assets so that we are borrowing at very, very attractive rates, and it's unity kind of get up into you know beyond the kind of BBBs on the CMBS into the DDs you start to get into a credit spread that it significantly higher than what we can borrow from the corporate side. So we kind of shy away from that. So the LTVs for investment grade, CMBS kind of range depending on the characteristics of the asset, this asset obviously has great cash flow characteristics, long term leases and still has a lot of built in growth, because of the below market in place leases.
Michael LaBelle: This is hard for me to say right now, I mean I think what I said was $25 million to $30 million is signed leases that we have a good projection for when those tenants are going to take occupancy. So we feel very confident about that. There is additional leasing that we should be able to get done in 2017 more tenants that will need to be an occupancy in 2018, I think will do some more leasing at Salesforce Tower for example for tenants they need to be an space sometime in 2018, but some of those tenants are going to be in 2019. We're talking the tenants that have kind of both requirements and again we can't book revenue until this energy is in a new development. And if you look at the residential property, so we've got 600 plus or minus units to deliver we're delivering them in the first quarter of 2018, our expectation is there is a 12 to 24 month lease up timeframe for that type of residence of development obviously the expenses for residents of development you have to kind of experience them early on. So I would think that we're probably going to get 25% to 30% of the NOI out of those residential developments in aggregate in 2018, and then the rest will come in 2019. So those are kind of two of the bigger development that we have, 888 Boylston Street is going to be basically going to be end of 2017 and there's only 4.5 left, that I think that we should be at the lease that and get occupancy sometime in 2018, those are the big one.
Michael LaBelle: I think it could I mean that's why I said it. And we to the extent that we can get the tenant to pay the full amount of rent. So we get the space back and we get start to work on this space, we may elect to do that, if we think is going to help us lease this space on the back side of this more quickly. So obliviously we have our rule that we don't include termination in common same store, and we do that because it can be more volatile, and we want to get that with the same store is, but in situations like this unfortunately feel away. So we try to be very clear about the ins and outs, because it's not a reduction in the overall revenue that we're going to be getting or expected to get in 2017 is just into the bucket.
Michael LaBelle: As we get closer to the expiry. Right I mean in the expiry of these leases that are in August and September they're get less - they're less terminations,/ is just like time.
Michael LaBelle: I mean the developments are generating a yield as around 7%. So it's well in excess of what our capitalized interest rate is with the currently around 4%. So that won't be a drag, it'll be an improvement.
Michael LaBelle: As I've said, we've got good activity, I don't know it would be fully leased by completion, but I think we'll be well along by the end of the year.
