Owen D. Thomas: Okay, thank you, Mort. Good morning, everyone. This is Owen Thomas, and I'm joined here in Boston by Doug Linde, Mike LaBelle and several other colleagues. Before I get started, I wanted to note an important event that we have going on here in Boston today. That is, today is Doug Linde's 50th birthday, and I wanted to -- I didn't want to start the call without wishing you, Doug, a very happy birthday on behalf of everyone at Boston Properties.
Owen D. Thomas: Any hope you had of this being a secret event is now over. Anyway, moving to more serious matters. Myself, Doug and Mike will provide more color on the operating environments that we are experiencing. We will outline our current positioning from a capital allocation perspective and describe our performance and results for the second quarter. So as Mort described, we are experiencing a sluggish recovery in the overall U.S. economy. However, this recovery is multi-speed, depending on industry and specific location. As you know, we are focused on 4 primary geographic areas. And fortunately, in most, though not in all, the markets we serve, we're experiencing reasonably sustained economic recovery and leasing activity. Industries such as technology, life sciences, health care and even smaller scale financial services firms are performing well and creating demand for our properties. In the second quarter, we executed 77 leases, representing 970,000 square feet, with reasonable balance in leasing across our portfolio geographically. Our properties in the aggregate are 92.1% leased, which is up from 91.7% leased at the end of the first quarter. Doug will be providing more detail on our leasing activities later in the call. In terms of capital strategy, we're experiencing what I would describe is an atypical economic and real estate capital market cycle. What I mean by this is interest rates have been at historic lows, creating strong capital flows into the property markets well ahead of an underlying property market recovery. Cap rates are very low, while rent growth is still in early stages. This is particularly true for the quality of assets and markets that are essential to our strategy. What this means for us, from a capital allocation perspective, is that we are finding new acquisitions challenging. We continue to aggressively pursue acquisition opportunities, but we will also remain disciplined. In fact, as you know, we have viewed the current capital market environment as an opportunity to monetize selected assets, either because of their long-term fit in our portfolio or because of the premium pricing for a particular asset we think we can achieve in the marketplace. We have made good progress in our dispositions in the second quarter, and Doug will also provide more details on this. Our selected disposition activity will continue, provided the current capital market conditions are sustained. In many of our markets, buildings are being sold for more than their replacement cost. Given this fact and our promising development sites, the majority of our new investment capital is currently funding development. We currently have 8 assets under construction, representing total investment of $2.5 billion, plus a number of additional projects where we control sites and are pursuing tenants. As the economy improves, we believe these projects will provide shareholders with attractive growth. Lastly, the most significant economic news for the quarter was a nearly 100-basis-point rise in the 10-year U.S. treasury. We were able to complete the $700 million financing on attractive terms before the full effect of the rate rise. Also, despite the rate rise, interest by investors in purchasing real estate remains robust, though pricing at the margin for leveraged buyers has likely been negatively impacted to some degree. Thank you. Now let me turn over the conversation to Doug.
Owen D. Thomas: It's Owen. Yes, I think that, over time, as interest rates increase, the returns that we would expect from developments should have some incremental increase over time. That being said, I think if interest rates go up it's going to be because the economy is improving and, therefore, demand for real estate will go up and rents will go up. So there would likely be some offset in terms of rental increase. But, yes, I think required returns will go up.
Owen D. Thomas: So I would, I guess, beg to differ with you that they're weak. What we've seen, from an activity perspective in Princeton has been probably second to what we've seen in suburban Boston, the most active part of our portfolio in the last, call it, 3 to 4 months. And there are, again, similar types of companies that are growing in that portion of New Jersey that are similar to the types of companies that are growing in San Francisco, but more importantly, in greater suburban Boston. So I beg to differ it was a weakness. I think we've made it clear that, at the right time, with the right pricing, the Carnegie Center is an asset that we will consider disposing of. And we'll revisit as we continue to have even higher occupancy and we have more tenants that are looking for space and we have less and less lease expiration.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, as Doug described, we're in the process of bringing the asset to grade and we are, obviously, marketing the building to prospective tenants and we are considering our capital structure for the property. We certainly have made no decisions with respect to how we're going to ultimately capitalize the project. But bringing in a joint venture partner is something that we will consider over time.
Owen D. Thomas: This is Owen. The board has certainly taken note of the say-on-pay vote, and it's been having conversation with us and among themselves. And I do think we'll be reaching out to shareholders in the coming months.
Owen D. Thomas: I think that's what you should think about for capital raising over the next, call it, 6-plus months.
Owen D. Thomas: It's Owen. To answer your question, we are considering, as we discussed at NAREIT, looking at some of the emerging/emerged neighborhoods in Manhattan where there is significant tenant demand growth and rent growth. We will continue to focus on quality. A core to our strategy that Mort has reiterated over and over again, and Doug, is having A-quality building, and that will continue to be our focus. Exactly how that's defined is to be determined, but we will be focusing on maintaining a high-quality portfolio of buildings.
Douglas T. Linde: Sure. So I think that, largely, the expectation that we have is that the growth from tenants that are in the nontraditional office use category, [indiscernible], are going to expand enough to absorb a portion of the supply that is being left over by tenants that are moving into new buildings, and a portion of that supply is also going to become -- B-ish quality or lower quality in its nature and it's going to be less attractive to tenants that are trying to become more efficient. And so, over time, you'll actually see an improvement in the economics that we're going to see in those marketplaces but it's not going to be the same kind of spike that you have in rents that we saw, call it, in 2005 to 2007, because there just is this torrent of cost compression that is out there that's just sort of pushing a governor on it on the other direction.
Douglas T. Linde: A couple of things. The first is that, if we really do have significant interest rate expansion and we have inflation that's associated with that, it's not just sort of a technical change in interest rates, the cost of construction is going to go through the roof. And we're seeing a little bit of that right now in some of the markets because, during the last portion of the recession, there was a tremendous amount of capacity on the construction side in terms of companies that were actually out there doing the work, particularly on the subs, that are just gone. They just -- they evaporated. They weren't making any money, so they went away. So there is some cost escalation, but it's manageable right now. So if it actually takes off, then you're going to see the pricing required to build new buildings go up significantly. And, honestly, that gives us a huge runway and an ability to raise our rents. And that's a good thing if that happens. With regards to pricing expectations, I think it's fair to say that, where we are today in terms of CBD buildings, and Owen described it as atypical, the expected return that investors are looking at today, based upon where current interest rates are, is not something that we presume is going to be sustainable. If the average 10-year treasury is at 5% and there is inflation expectation, it's much harder to think that you're -- that people are going to be buying CBD buildings at 3% or 4% cap rates, which hopefully gives us more opportunity, as Mort suggested, to be much more acquisitive. Today, we're not there, but hopefully, we'll be in the future.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that, given where our current pipeline is in San Francisco right now, where we do have some speculative development underway, I would say that, that is probably the primary area that you might see speculative development in the short term, i.e., there's probably not a lot of speculative development that you're going to see. We have a site in Boston in the suburbs that we have made a significant number of proposals on, where the tenants will be taking somewhere between 60% and 70% of the building. So there will be a speculative component. The building at 888 Boylston Street has had some tenant interest, and some of the tenants who have taken -- have been interested in the whole thing and some of the tenants have been interested in 40% or 50% of it. So there's potentially a speculative component associated with that. Outside of those 2 projects, the other things that we're looking at are the land that we have in greater Washington D.C. I think we would anticipate having a significant pre-leasing associated with it. And then we actually do have a build-to-suit that's in the works in Princeton, at Carnegie Center. Again, it would be almost 100%, if not 100%, leased if we started construction there. And then in Midtown Manhattan, at the moment, we're really not in a position to have additional sites that are anywhere close to being ready for construction.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that, Michael, for calendar 2013, we had been marketing 140 Kendrick Street, and the pricing that we got on 140 Kendrick Street was really not, quite frankly, up to what we expected we would need to sell the asset. And so I'd say we sort of pulled back on that particular asset, and that was about a $130-plus million building. We are about to hit the market with another few assets. We haven't "made a formal decision" yet, but we're talking about on a magnitude of $250 million, plus or minus, that unlikely would close in 2013, probably closer to 2014. And Owen, I think rightly so, every time he comes to Boston and when he goes to the other regions, is saying, "So what should we be thinking about putting on the market potentially in 2014, if things are in a similar environment as we are today?" And so I'd say the regions are thinking long and hard about what their views are on what assets are mature or not and don't have enough growth left in them to keep in the portfolio. And that's sort of an ongoing conversation.
Douglas T. Linde: So I'll answer the question as follows. So what we've said previously is that we think we have the competency and the skill set to design, develop and construct in-fill residential properties in the markets that we are operating in. And as a developer, we think we can make a lot of money building in those types of places, largely due to the similar characteristics on the office side, which is this is where people want to live because this is where the companies that are growing and that are attracting labor want their people to be. So there is sort of a confluence of strategies implicit in both sides of that. We recognize fully that we do not have either the competency at the moment or the portfolio size to be a great operator of residential properties. And so we recognize that we have to hire people who have that competency, and it costs us something to do that. I think that we also have a perspective that they're not core long-term holds for us, necessarily, but they could be. So to the extent that we've created a lot of value, if we're developing a residential property in an in-fill location to a 7-plus percent cash-on-cash return and it's worth 3.5% or 4% cash-on-cash return, as Owen -- well, as he goes around to the regions, we'll say, "Is that the kind of asset that we should monetize potentially?" And based upon Safe Harbor and the 2 years and all the other sort of things, those are the types of things we're thinking about. So I think that in all of our regions, we have sort of put it on the table that our regional teams should be thinking about locations where we can potentially productively put capital to work and put our expertise to work on the residential side.
Douglas T. Linde: The short answer is, is that we think that our shareholders value cash no differently than they value, in terms of special dividend, an appreciation in the stock price. And so to the extent that we have a special dividend, we don't look at it as a sort of necessary evil, if that's what you're asking. So one concern that we would have is we want to make sure that we're doing this in an appropriate manner in that we want to maybe able to maintain the earnings power to pay out our existing dividend on a consistent basis. And we also don't want to use the payment of special dividends as a way to leverage up the company because we don't think that would be an appropriate capital strategy. So those are sort of the 2 governors that we think about with regards to special dividend.
Douglas T. Linde: You're not going to like the answer that I'm going to give you because it's not going to -- you're not going to find it satisfying, but I'm going to give it to you, anyway, which is it depends. So as an example, if the market in San Francisco were -- a year from now, we're trading in a level where space at the Embarcadero Center and space at Foundry Square were all leased and there was a much lower vacancy factor and there was significant expansion of existing tenants and new technology tenants that are continuing to come into the city, I think our threshold for how much square footage of leasing we would need to start on the Transbay would be lower. If it were similar to a situation like it is right now where things are good, things are strong, things are, I would say, healthy, there is a modest amount of growth going on in the city, I think the number is going to be significantly higher than that. And the good news is that we don't have to make that decision right now. If we had a joint venture partner, clearly, the risk that each partner is taking is significantly reduced, and, clearly, that would be a factor as well in the decision that we would make.
Douglas T. Linde: So all of the remaining space at 601 Mass Avenue is stuck in neutral at the moment because the existing pre-leased commitment to Arnold & Porter effectively put us in a situation where we had to hold all their remaining space off the market until October, I think, right, of 2013. So we've been in no position to be -- even be able to offer the space to the market. So it is exactly where we would have expected it to be.
Douglas T. Linde: So I guess I'll take exception to saying that we're bearish on valuations because we're selling and not buying. I think what we've identified is a situation where there are assets where the growth profile, from our perspective, is less than what the growth profile or value might be from a third-party owner's perspective. And so we think there's a great opportunity to both enhance the overall growth rate of the company going forward and raise a lot of cash at the same time. So I think that's why we're selling assets, not because we think they're overvalued and on the decline. With regards to development, I think we believe that we can get significantly enhanced yields on development, particularly in the markets where we have sites and access to sites, over and above where we could otherwise deploy that money into existing assets. And existing assets obviously have the hindrance of having leases in place. And to the extent those leases in place lock in the returns for an extended period of time and we can achieve returns that are significantly higher than that, then we think, incrementally, we're better off putting our capital into development. That's not to say that we're not prepared to -- if we have the right opportunity on the acquisition side and it's got the right lease profile and we're comfortable with where we think either we can reposition the asset or how we can implement change to the asset and, therefore, drive enhanced yields in terms of where current rents are or we like the leasing exposure, that we wouldn't jump into that. I mean, there's a building, for example, in the New York metropolitan area that we're looking at, where there's good rollover in 2016 and we like where the asset happens to be positioned. And if we can figure out a way to purchase the asset from the existing owner, I think it would be a great acquisition opportunity, largely because of where it's located. So we're not -- it's not we're either on or off with regards to acquisitions and dispositions. We're smart enough, we think, to be open to looking at lots of different ways to recycle and invest capital through good and bad markets.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll answer the last question first, which is I don't think we yet have a stabilization time frame. We are hoping that we will do enough leasing in 2013 and 2014, so that by the time Kaye Scholer starts paying rent, which is I think in 2015, we will be stabilized. I mean, that's our hope. I mean, I want to say it's sooner than that, but that's where our sort of expectations are right now. In terms of why things are better in terms of the level of activity, I would say that as we got to the point where the building was ready to be opened and it was an easy tour for a broker to bring someone to the building and they could see a working lobby and they could get into a passenger elevator as opposed to a hoist and the floors were clean and ready and we started having broker open houses and basically pushing the pavement in terms of getting the word out that the space was available and you could start construction on it, it sort of naturally became, I think, more real to the marketplace. And I -- but I can't tell you why in the last 3.5 months, Owen or Mort or Robert has toured the space with a prospective tenant at a minimum of twice a week. And we've got more than a handful of multi-floor tenants that are actively studying the building with architects and have provided us with request for proposals and, in some cases, given us responses and are encouraged by the -- we are encouraged by the overall level of activity. Now we haven't made any deals yet. So I guess I'm somewhat skeptical of giving you a firm date on when we're going to have a lease because you never know with real estate transactions how long they take and what the path to getting a lease signed is. But we're optimistic that between now and beginning of 2014, we'll have some strong leases signed, and the building will feel even better than it does today.
Douglas T. Linde: I guess I'm a little unclear as to your -- the question. I'll try and answer what I heard, and you can ask a follow-up. So a lot of the growth that you're describing is down in the Valley. So Google, for example, has taken a significant amount of additional space in the Valley, both from an ownership perspective, as well as from a lease perspective. And they seem to be having an insatiable demand for space. And there are 3 or 4 tenants like that down in the Valley. Google also is rumored to be renewing and expanding in the city of San Francisco, at a building where they're currently located and don't look like they're going to be moving to a new facility. And so there is, in fact, growth both down in the Valley, as well as in the CBD of San Francisco from a tenant like Google. And I think we're seeing consistent growth like that from other tenants that are located in and around the San Francisco area. I mean, it's no secret. People talked about it for quite some time that there is a transportation issue associated with moving people who would want to live in the urban locations in the city of San Francisco down to the Valley. So each of these companies has fleets of buses that are moving people back and forth all day long. And to the extent that they find it palatable to have their people located in the city and can make a rationalization in terms of how those operating groups are working with the employees who are "off-campus," they're doing that. With regards to yields, I'm not entirely sure how those 2 things necessarily come together. Our view on yields right now is based upon sort of where we see overall investment returns and where we see IRRs and where we see interest rates. And I -- and so the demand equation I certainly think would help us in terms of starting more -- with more speculative space. But I don't think it would necessarily help us make a decision with regards to whether we're more or less interested in development.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that covers everything that we had. Hopefully, everyone will get through the conference call season and enjoy a couple of weeks of August before we get back to having conferences in September. And we'll look forward to seeing you -- each of us will be at different places at different times, so you'll see a smattering of Boston Properties folks as you make the -- do the conference call circuit. And we'll talk to you again officially in about 90 days. Thanks.
