Nick Yulico: Thanks. I know Doug talked a little bit about the tenant improvement spend this quarter being heightened and why that was the case. Mike, I wanted to see if you could give us maybe a feel for what a full-year number would look like for a TIs and leasing commissions, and then in terms of how we should think about Fed growth this year, if that would be similar to the 10% FFO growth in your guidance.
Nick Yulico: Thank you. That’s very helpful, Mike. Just second question is, if I think about the commentary that Doug gave on New York, it was less positive in other markets except Washington DC. So, I guess, I mean, if we think about a lot of the leasing demand right now that you are targeting, let’s say in your development portfolio, which feels like it’s a lot of tech, I mean you’re talking about a increasingly life science, should we think about you guys may be looking to sell even more of your New York City portfolio besides 540 Madison, perhaps assets like 399 park, which is mostly stabilized or developments that you did this cycle.
Nick Yulico: Okay. I guess if you’re just trying to reconcile the commentary on New York, which just seems like, you think the market’s not doing as well as some of your other markets. And so then if that’s the case, why still have the – as big of a presence in New York.
Mike LaBelle: Sure. Nick. No problem. So, Q1 is obviously as you mentioned, it was a high year for lease transaction costs. As Doug mentioned, we had some long-term leases and we also just had a tremendous amount of absorption, all right. So, we had 150 basis points of absorption to bring the portfolio up to 93% almost, which is – with that, that’s kind of all drops into the quarter. So, we do not expect every quarter this year to be identical to that. I mean our occupancy projection for the year, as I mentioned is that it’s basically going to be stable if you kind of pull out the asset sales and taking the Google building out of service. So, we expect occupancy to actually drop a little bit in the second quarter and then come back up in the third and the fourth quarters although the rental rates should be higher in our rollover. So, if you look at our full-year projection for what our AFFO will be in our lease transaction costs, we expect the lease transaction cost of total somewhere in the $210 million to $225 million range. So, a big chunk of this has already been experienced. And if you look at our roll over for the rest of the year, I mean, it’s just not that big. So, the amount of leasing that we have to kind of get into place to keep the occupancy is not that significant. Most of the leasing that we’re doing for the quarter is really going into the future years, right? So, that stuff is going into 2020 and 2021. Other pieces of our AFFO to think about include our straight line rents, which are $100 million to $120 million. Our CapEx is going to be lower. So, our recurring CapEx we think is going to be somewhere in the $75 million to $90 million range. That’s about $10 million or $15 million below last year. Stock comp is around $40 million and then other non-cash items is $20 million to $25 million. So, we kind of pull all that stuff together. You get to an AFFO that is somewhere in the $4.80 to $5 a share versus $4.43 in 2018. So that’s pretty significant growth, which is kind of a combination of cash same-store growth and lower CapEx.
Mike LaBelle: The repair and maintenance stuff I would guess will hit in the second and third quarter if I had to guess. And that is the majority of it. There was a little bit of G&A, because our healthcare costs came in a lot lower than we would expect and I anticipate that that will occur through the year. So, I would guess that it will be in second and third, and not fourth. But at least repair and maintenance item is it depends when the capital goes out, right? So, those are the stronger – those are the quarters, where we do most of that work, because of the weather related to – in the locations that we are in.
Mike LaBelle: It won’t have an impact on acquisitions. I mean, if we will – as we always do, if we have a gain, we’ll attempt to do like on exchange, but we won’t be more tempted to buy something, because of that. If it works out in the flow of the business that we want to do based on the deals that we see that makes sense for shareholders will do the exchange, but we’re not going to go out and “look” for an exchange deal.
Mike LaBelle: No, it’s not. We think the salesforce tower is one of the premiere – certainly one of the premiere properties in our portfolio, it’s a premiere port property in San Francisco, which is one of the strongest office markets in the country, if not the world. And it’s not something that we want to joint venture. So, what we have been saying in terms of our sources of capital and we didn’t – I didn’t review that this quarter, but let me just kind of go back through that. Obviously, we generate cash flow from the company after we pay dividends. So that is a first stop for source of capital. The second would be as you’re suggesting assets sales and we have been selling $200 million to $400 million or so of non-core assets each year. And that has been a source of funding for us. Last year, it was a little bit larger, because of the TSA deal that we engaged in. The third stop is debt and we – as we’ve been talking about we are very focused on maintaining the leverage at current levels. So, the developments that we’ve been delivering have given us increased debt capacity, which has created capital for the developments and for new investment. But there are limits to that. But we do certainly use financing to do it. The next place we would have been going is joint venture partners. So, we brought in a joint venture partner on the Santa Monica Business Park investment that we made last year. I described in my remarks that we’re talking to a capital partner of platform 16. And at the bottom of the list is, issuing common equity. So, the other thing that we’ve mentioned is, many of our assets, certainly, the more significant ones have a tax basis that’s well below their market value. So, they’re not efficient from a capital raising perspective, because of the special dividend requirement.
Mike LaBelle: Yes. I mean we’re continuing to obviously add to our development pipeline and I wouldn’t talk to about 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue and 325 Main Street. So, we are continuing to add to that, but there’s just a lot that is being completed if you look at our development pipeline and you look in the supplemental and the dates of when that stuff is coming in. So in 2020, we do not expect it to keep up. So, we do expect there to be materially lower capitalized interest next year than it was this year.
Mike LaBelle: Well, I think Doug described some of the numbers. So, I think, Doug said, GM was $13 million and Reston was $17 million. So, those are kind of the big moves and we still believe we’re going to be able to demonstrate growth in the same-store portfolio. Every year, we’ve got rollouts, right? And then we try to explain them to them, what’s renewing and what’s rolling out? So, a lot of the stuff that is on the expiration table. We’re in the process of renewing and we’re working on those kinds of things. There are some where we know the tenants are going to leave. So these are the ones that are more sizable where we know they’re going to leave to give you some sense for – to help you I guess, along the way. I can’t tell you what our guidance is right now. It’s honestly just too early. We still think it’ll be positive. We just think there’s a couple of things in there that will hamper a stronger growth profile.
Mike LaBelle: We continue to look at it just like every other market is part of our core markets, it’s definitely part of the Boston core market. It’s just a matter of finding the right opportunity. I would comment to echo what Doug’s been talking about with tenant inspired play on renewals. The seaports interesting, if you take one specific asset out that is caught on the edge of worse things happening, it’s like a 2.3% vacancy, which is incredibly low. And then in that greater call at Boston market, we’re looking at everything, submarkets in the 6% range. So, it’s really interesting that each of these markets is a firing on all cylinders right now. And a lot of it has to do with echoing what Doug and OT talked about was incredible discipline right now at least for the time being in terms of development coming on with significant pre-leasing and that still bodes well as we look at the forecast for the next couple of years, as we look at the developable sites, all of them have significant pre-leased play on them.
Mike LaBelle: The 540 Madison Avenue was not in guidance, because we don’t have any kind of agreement on it. It’s picked on the market at this point. So, the only sale is the Tower Center sale that we announced that is in the guidance.
Mike LaBelle: I think that’s true, Alex, our selling program that we have been going through the last five years. I mean raising capital is a nice outcome, but the real reason is we’re selling assets that are non-core to the company going forward. So, we still – we’ll have some of those in future years. But I agree with what you’re saying. I think that we have between our own resources and the resources of a growing list of capital partners, we will – we are not capital constrained in terms of making new investments.
Doug Linde: No, I wouldn’t assume we’re going to shrink our New York portfolio further. I mean, again, we’re always open if we get approached by someone with we think an extraordinary results for shareholders, we’re open-minded about it, but I don’t think you should assume we’re going to sell down our New York portfolio further.
Doug Linde: Yes. Contextually, Nick, if you think about the demand picture in New York City, and actually, if you were to go look at the VC investments across the country now, there’s actually more money being invested into New York City than there is in the Boston marketplace. And that follows the Silicon Valley in San Francisco. So, the tech, media, fintech world is very alive and vibrant in New York City. but as Owen said, there’s a supply problem, which is sort of what my point was at the outset and those marketplaces, where there’s not a supply problem, we’re feeling really, really strong about our opportunity set in terms of the pushing rents, in those markets where there’s a supply problem, namely New York City, modest supply problem in Washington DC, CBD, a significant supply problem. We’re not in a position, where we can do that. And net-net, we’ve actually reduced our exposure in New York City, not necessarily by selling assets per se, but by selling interest in assets, which we did over the last, call it four or five years ago. And then we’ve grown so much more in Boston and in San Francisco. Naturally, the contribution from New York City has diminished in a significant way. So, I think we’ve positioned the portfolio in a really thoughtful way, on a going-forward basis. And New York City will always be part of our portfolio and we hope that, there’ll be a point in time in the relative near future, where the supply picture will have cut off and the technology, the media, the fintech businesses will have grown to a sufficient population of embedded demand that we’re going to see the kind of strength that we’re seeing in Boston and in San Francisco in those markets – in that market as well. But it’s not going to happen in 2019, 2020 or 2021.
Doug Linde: They’re below market now. So, there’ll be even more below market when the renewal starts. And so the logically Manny is something that I think is grounded is us for the 40 years of Boston Properties has been around, which is that, we’re not market timers. We believe in leasing space to customers, who wanted to – who want to lease space when they want to lease the space. And we take our chances that doing long-term leases will serve us well and that we’ll have opportunities to get the incremental growth upon rollovers and at the spot market by bringing new product online at those times. And I don’t think we’re going to change that profile. The most interesting thing about what I was just trying to describe was that our cash rent increases in 2021 and 2022 are being driven by our transactions today. And so there’s going to be significant cash flow growth from the company’s perspective on a going-forward basis and it’s all going to be below market assuming the markets remain as healthy as they are today.
Doug Linde: It would have a massive gain associated with a JV of that asset that we would just have to distribute out and we wouldn’t necessarily be able to retain that. So…
Doug Linde: And I would just like to add that while we’re very excited about the acquisitions of the real estate we have in that market. We’re really excited about having John joined our team. He’s only been with us over a year and he’s already made a tremendous difference in our presence in the LA market and we’re extremely grateful to have him.
Doug Linde: Okay. I just want to – I’d like to give you sort of the following sort of framework, which is if you think about our year-to-year projections. What we’ve described is, we are – it’s not 100%, really close to 100% occupied both Boston and in San Francisco. And there’s very limited rollover in those marketplaces and we’re seeing very significant as I described, mark-to-mark least increases and therefore, increases in either our FFO, if there is a modest amount of build out time in our cash rents. We have our biggest exposures in 2020, which – and the reason I brought it up is, because we’ve asked – been asked the question every single time we’ve had a one-on-one meeting with anybody and we’ve done a number of NDRs over the last quarter are the General Motors building in New York City and the Reston Town Center Market in Northern Virginia. That’s the vast majority of our “exposure” and I tried to articulate what that exposure was. We believe that the power of San Francisco and the power of Boston are going to continue to overwhelm the other issues, but that there is some degree of pull down from that particular exposure, because that property is currently leased today. And then we have a few other negatives in terms of the properties that we’re taking out of service, including as soon as we described the 325 Main Street, which is pulling $4 million out in 2020 and 2021. So, we tried to sort of give you a good roadmap for how you might think about your modeling of our portfolio on the revenue side, did you think about 2020 and 2021.
Owen Thomas: We think, we’ve been saying this for years. We think New York is healthy. There’s the aggregate, leasing demand has been at high level. Last year, it was a multiyear record for growth leasing. So, we think the market demand is healthy in New York and it’s a healthy market. The issue has been supply. The Hudson Yards we have described as a secular event in the New York City real estate market and until the Hudson Yards gets fully absorbed, there will be more than typical supply in New York. And that is muting our ability to push rents up. But we certainly believe in New York in the long-term and intend to maintain a very significant presence there.
Owen Thomas: Yes. And also I would just add, I think Doug’s point was we don’t do early renewals below market. But the markets are moving up rapidly. So when these transactions were agreed to the market was at those levels. But the market is elevated since then. And the example that Doug gave were Google and the Salesforce now.
Owen Thomas: It doesn’t factor into our thing today. We – when we agreed to purchase that asset we – I think, we recognize that bringing in a joint venture partner was part of the equation and the joint venture partners quite aware of the leasing activity and the conversations we’re having and it’s not, there’s no “threshold” about doing a lease to do that deal and while we – I guess in theory we could wait, get a lease and then do a joint venture at a different pricing model. We just – we felt that that was not the appropriate way to structure the capital of this particular asset.
Owen Thomas: So, I’ll give you a succinct answer on Fort Harrison. The sequel lawsuits are ongoing. We don’t anticipate the sequel lawsuits to be resolved in calendar year 2019 and we don’t know how long they will take. There’s a real question about how Prop M is going to be allocated. A lot of discourse and questions about that. So in our mind, it’s unlikely that any of the projects will go forward that are currently part of Central SoMa in 2019 with regards to, there’s a developer, who’s building first admission. The project has got some – I think some timing issues, lots of people are trying to understand how they might be helpful in that situation.
Owen Thomas: I think that I just want to clarify that a big piece of the increase is equity carry. So, it’s a non-cash concept, it’s something we always put on our budgets, which is the carry cost that we charge ourselves for our own equity and that obviously, impacts the job as you extend out the lease up.
Owen Thomas: And the other thing that we focused on Alex is our leverage. So right now, our leverage is at six and a half times, since conservative are – we don’t want to be north of seven. If you look at the pipeline we have today and new pro forma were below six. So, there’s a lot of room there for us to work, which is why we’re comfortable using a good amount of debt for some of this. And then we bring in partners on some of this, just linked in that capability of that existing balance sheet to continue to work.
Owen Thomas: Okay. Thank you very much for all of your interest in Boston Properties. That includes the questions and our remarks. Thank you very much.
