John Powers: Well, Doug's giving you the facts there. On our situation, we've been working hard since we closed the deal with Joe to redesign the building and we've done that. We're in a 100% BDs now. The construction is ongoing on the foundations and we're talking to some tenants in the market, but clearly we need a significant interest from tenants to move forward with the project. We're very excited with the redesign by the way and it's been very well received by the tenants that we showed it to.
John Powers: Yes, well, we think the market last year was really hot 32.4 million. We haven’t had a year like that in New York since 2000. So, this is really a lot of momentum. And notwithstanding the equity market jitters at the end of December, having talk now to a number of brokers and looking at the market, things still do you rolling along. So, we are optimistic about what's happening at GM, but we do have competition coming on place during the year. 425 Park is going to be a great building and 550 Madison the top floors are going to be good. But we think the product is still outstanding the best in the market and we are starting to work on those blocks that are coming up in '19, '20 now.
John Powers: Yes, we are working very hard with Apple on the Apple Store, and we don't have a date, but certainly that date will be sometime in the first half of this year. And we are working also with Under Armour because Apple is the temp store now and wants to stay there and we work things with Under Armour. So that will work for them although the Under Armour still will be delayed, resulting as the result of the Apple staying in the temp store. And we do have some Cartier left of course and we do have some interest in that space, and we think just something there in the first half of this year.
John Powers: Rent growth in submarkets of New York. So, first, when we say, we don't have a lot of space to lease. So, if you are talking about our buildings, there is only a few building -- few pieces of space that we have to look at. I think will do well at GM and will have some rent close there clearly the block we have left at 399 there will be wrinkles there and that's probably states that over a $100 a foot. 159 is all leased and I guess when we look at the base of 510, I would say will definitely have rent growth there over the deal we've had in place.
Owen Thomas: So, the guidance change is obviously we increased our guidance last quarter and we also announced I guess earlier this month that we signed a bunch of leases that Doug spoke of in New York City which is over 550000 square feet. We were working on some of those leases last quarter, but they clearly weren't complete. So, we were certainly handicapping the likelihood of those things. And I would say, the execution of those leases some of which are starting you know revenue although not cash revenue in the first and second quarter brought up the drive up the bottom line of our guidance because we got those things. I would say that with a continued velocity of activity that we're seeing in our markets is driving up the high end in the overall guidance range. So those are really the two pieces that are on that are hitting occupancy the increase in the occupancy and the increase in guidance range. Obviously a little bit also came from interest expense as I mentioned. On the terminations, Doug really spoke about the recaptures both in Boston, suburban Boston, he mentioned one and in New York. So we're recapturing space that is expiring, a year from now or even five years from now, and we are getting termination payments that will that are driving our termination income guidance in 2019, which is higher than 2018, but were doing that because we have leases that are signed. So, there may be some interruption in cash rent while that tenant builds out their space, but ultimately what we're doing is we're signing leases now and based and very strong market at strong rental rates that are much higher than the expiring rental rate because we think that we want to take advantage of the market condition we're in.
Owen Thomas: So, there's a, I would say a lot of financial counting minutiae that's involved in how we recorded the sale of the TSA development. I would just point out two things. One is that we are guaranteeing completion and we are also entitled to any savings under the contingency line item in the budget, as well as we are getting significant development fees when you include those things along with clinical with our land cost was. This was a profitable development for us from a valuation creation perspective. And that counting just let us to having to report as the way it was reported.
Owen Thomas: Yes, I wouldn't say that we changed our yield requirements I had pointed to you in fact, the reference rate the 10 year U.S. treasury drop 50 basis points in the last few months. So by keeping our yields flat in essence we increased profit. But I think the answer to your question has a couple of things. One, as you suggest, you know what kinds of preleasing are we going to require for new developments, and I know everyone wants us to give a precise number on that question and that's not really feasible or possible given that all circumstances are different depending on the scale of the building and the economics, and the velocity in the market, and all that type of thing. But yes, I do think we will today seek to have even more preleasing before we launch new developments, and also I think it's being disciplined and looking at new acquisitions of both buildings and sites I mean for example, recently we were chasing a site that we were interested in here in the Boston region and we topped out, at a particular value and at least based on the knowledge that we have today, we are not going to win that. So that would be an example of the increase disciplined that I described.
Owen Thomas: So, the reason that the cost were driven up were almost entirely due to the lease that we have with NYU which is a 30 year lease versus what we originally underwrote which would have been a shorter term lease, effectively kind of 15 years would have been what we would have underwrote. So the leasing commission associated with that and the tenant improvement associated with that are the majority of that increase and that lease officially came out of escrow within the last quarter. So we determine to put that into our budget this quarter because there was uncertainty. The only other thing that really changed on this, we’re making some enhancements to the retail aspect of the job and improving the design and what the retail environment and atmosphere is going to be that takes the most significant advantage of the opportunity that we have to upgrade the place taking there, so that's a design is driving a little bit more cost into that part of the job, as well. And but we still expect the project to meet the return criteria that we typically sellout for this type of development.
Owen Thomas: It's Owen. Look, we continue to believe co-working I'll call it shared workspace business to be an important sector of the office business it's been, it's been an important net absorber of space, I think in the markets where we operate, the total square footage of this lease by these operators today is somewhere between 2.5% and 5% depending on the city and it has been growing. We work as clearly the leader by scale, but there are other operators and in fact as discussed on our prior call where we've been doing it some of it ourselves on a small scale basis in a couple of our buildings. So I think the business has created important new options for customers for individual and retail customers it's a way to get into a community and a high quality space and in many cases, high-quality buildings and from landlords it's aggregated demand that would be otherwise very difficult to leases too. So I think that's been very positive. And I think for a larger companies it's given them flexibility, we don't see companies -- large companies taking all of their space requirements and putting it into shared workspace, but we certainly see some of them procuring single-digit percentages of their space on a flexible basis to try to manage that -- the space procurement process which can be difficult, when human resource requirements are a lot more volatile than their ability to procure space. So, there has been a lot of press lately about we work ability to raise additional equity capital that may have some impact on the business. We don't know yet, but in general, I would say this sector is an important part of the office business, and as we think it's been a very positive and many of the shared workspace companies like we work are important customers of Boston properties.
Owen Thomas: Alex, I am going to answer the former and I'll let Mike jump in on the latter. So, we have no current plans to exit our Princeton investment. We do think purchasing this land for the reasons I just outline on the last question, we think our investment in the whole project is more valuable by owning the land, but we have no near term plans at exit it. That all being said a week intend in 2019 to continue with our non-core asset disposition plan and again we haven't finalized our exact list this year, but I would anticipate that it will revert back to levels of '16 and '17, which would be and accounted to $250 million maybe $300 million sales in 2019.
Owen Thomas: So Alex, we have no plans to sell Dock 72. Our current focus as you suggest is certainly leasing the asset and that’s what we are focused on now.
Owen Thomas: So, why don't start with Bryan and then if any of the other guys want to chime in, they should do that.
Owen Thomas: Bob, you might want to describe how everyone has been building out Salesforce Tower, right. Because it’s the newest sort of CBD building that we have and how their "program" has worked.
Owen Thomas: Yes, I would respond that. We haven’t seen any pushback from tenants on that and we haven’t seen any tenants that leave the market based on -.
Owen Thomas: Okay, I think that completes all of our questions. Thank you everyone for your interest in Boston Properties.
Doug Linde: Yes, Craig, I think in big picture our underwriting criteria have just gotten a little bit more stringent or you thought you might lease up space quickly by elongated where you think you are going to be able to have to provide an improvement allowances or get rental rate increases you might temper those expectations. And so it just all adds into the formula and so it just makes it a little bit more difficult to go after something that we otherwise might have been more aggressive on a year ago.
Doug Linde: So this is pure office development, and the group that put it together is staying involved in the development component, and we are the principal capital partner and we will ultimately own 100% of the asset. All being said as Owen described, we are in serious discussions with a capital partner to participate in our interest on a long-term basis.
Doug Linde: We certainly think that net effective rents are not going down and that there will be modest increases in the rental rates and the concession packages will have half blackout.
Doug Linde: But just to be perfectly honest about this, this is a place making exercise as we said there is a great incremental investment on the works that we did at $159 to the 185,000 square feet that we release to the tenants that taking for 30 years. The incremental return on the capital for the food hall and the other "place making experiences is de minimis", and it’s really going to be reflected in the ability to rent space at 601 Lexington Avenue, 399 Park Avenue, and 599 Lexington Avenue, so it's not really -- the yield was not with that result.
Doug Linde: And Jaime just to add a couple more thoughts, so if we think about our portfolio and how the flexible office operators have impacted our portfolio and the margin we think it's been a positive trends for the kinds of spaces that we have listed them in the places where we have lease that space and at the same time and I don’t think its coincidence we have done more large, long term leasing with corporate customers, call it the last 2.5 to 3 years than we have ever done in our history. And our average lease rent has actually gone up slightly as opposed to down slightly. So it has not impacted our business at all in terms of our portfolio other than again in those instances where we have done a transaction with one of these operators we think it's incrementally help us in some way shape or form. In Washington DC its aggregating demand and Embarcadero center it changed the image of a particular space which we use as a showcase to demonstrate to nontraditional tenants how they could use Embarcadero centers infrastructure to change the image of their space at 200 Clarendon St. we were struggling with convincing people that this was not a attired state financial services building and we did a transaction and then we got a whole host of customers who actually use the flexible officer provider space on a short-term basis while we were building out their space in the building so it was a great shock absorber. So there are lots of different reasons why this company works. And it is here to stay there are clearly places where all kinds of companies think about how this might be helpful to their portfolios, but as Owen said it is not going to displace the business that we are in. And we are very comfortable that we can work cooperatively with these types of users in a symbiotic way.
Doug Linde: So Jaime, in comparison to 1999 to 2001 year in the dotcom era, the companies that are taking down the space are what we refer to in our small circle is tech tightened and these companies which have multifaceted businesses, multifaceted growth aspirations, and they are hiring people at enormous rates. And so, they are filling their space as quickly as they can get it. And interestingly what is going on is that they are looking to find those locations that are closest where the talent is and where they can attract the talent. And just as again sort of to talk about Downtown San Jose, the reason that side is so interesting to us today and remember that we do have another site in Downtown San Jose that we have owned for 20 years and we haven’t gotten going yet. So, this was the double down in Downtown San Jose, is that the idea that companies are going to put their employees that are living in the city of San Francisco, put them on coach boxes and have them travel down to 280 or the 101 for up to three hours a day of the commute it's just becoming really tired. And so having the ability to have a transit oriented location, where they can get on the Caltrain Bullet stop in San Francisco and be down in Downtown San Jose in about an hour is a very, very attractive preposition, and Google has also made a commitment to build housing and retail and also some other things. So, it was going to become a really interesting Downtown. And our view is that the market has really changed down there. And so what was once going to be an 800 plus thousand square foot either office or residential site at the Plaza at Almaden, we are now permitting for a minimum of 1.3 million square feet and could be larger than that. The parking ratios have changed. The use of trifurcation has changed and we just think these are the types of locations where companies are going to go. And you’ve obviously seen Amazon and Google and Facebook make tremendous piece of the base acquisitions across their marketplaces, not just in Silicon Valley, but in Los Angeles and in Austin and in Boston and in Washington DC. And we just -- we’re comfortable with these companies are long-term growth organizations that are going to be very aggressive about hiring talent to feed their businesses.
Doug Linde: So, do you have half hour 45 minutes, that’s how long will take to answer that question. Why don't I let Bob Pester talk about what’s going on in San Francisco. Obviously, with our site at Fort Harrison and at the CBD site, and then I'll let Bryan talk about, what’s going on at Back Bay in Boston, Boston because those are sort of the two entitlement opportunities that are in front of us right now.
Doug Linde: So in Boston, our project in the Back Bay is probably most significant on the commercial side. We do have some residential components to it and we see that to be at least the couple more years of permitting. But not having to do with anything other than that’s the process and it’s a complicated site over a transportation hub. So the Back Bay has limited amount of foreseeable, will say product line coming on in the commercial side. And that goes for Cambridge as well. We are seeing as it was noted earlier a real discipline amongst the developers who have states that are permitted and all seem to be conditioned on preleasing as well.
Doug Linde: When Boston Properties bought Carnegie Center 20 years ago, we bought the buildings and we got plus option to purchase the site. And over the years, we have purchased a handful of the sites and done build the suites for customers. That option expired last year. So we were faced with the decision on whether to let the option expire or to exercise and purchase all the land part. So we access -- we obviously elected the latter. So we do have all this land, we acknowledge Princeton is not our fastest growing market. That all being said we do have some uses for the land. So for example, right now we have a customer parking need that we're going to satisfy with the -- with one of the lots that repurchase, we anticipate our ability to sell some of these individual paths which we will do, but perhaps most importantly, our perspective is our investment in Carnegie center is more valuable with the buildings and the development opportunity, unified rather than as they are being separated and that was a key driver of the division.
