Owen Thomas: Yes. Why don’t I? Well, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we continue to think that successful companies will be primarily in -- will primarily conduct their business in-person. The customers that we talk to, the other business leaders that we talk to, I think it’s becoming increasingly clear to them that they’re missing something with everyone working from home. Building culture, creating strategy, I hear, loss of productivity, loss of creativity, and then of course, all companies hire and on-board new employees. How do you do that, when you’re working from home? So, I think the importance of the in-person workplace is clear. That being said, I do think, there will be more work-from-home offered to employees as a benefit.  And as I mentioned in my remarks, I think for companies to save office space as a result, employees will have to schedule their work-from-home, not everybody can be out on Friday. And then, when the employees come to work, they’ll have to have flexible work stations and they won’t be fixed. And we do have premium assets and the kind of workforce in those assets may be less inclined to want to participate in such a program in that manner. So, that’s the way we see it shaking out at this time.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I’d say I agree with -- obviously, with that answer. I think we just comment that, both of these products are the best or among the best in their marketplace in terms of their quality, amenities and offering. And I think they will compete very well as this recovery, that Doug described, occurs.
Owen Thomas: So let me answer that question, which is obviously an important one, both from a use of capital and then a -- well, source of capital, then use of capital. So let’s start with source of capital. So we have been selling assets. We didn’t talk about it on our opening remarks because we don’t have anything active per se this quarter. But year-to-date in 2020, we’ve sold over $700 million of assets. So we’ve been selling. And I agree with what you’re saying. I think we will continue to do that selectively with selective assets. One of the issues that we have faced in the past with this has been all of our major assets have a very significant tax gain in them. So if we sell them, we can’t keep the capital or we can’t keep all of it. And we have to make either a regular or special dividend as a result. But our income has dropped and our dividend has been flat, and so we can include some of these asset sale gains into our regular dividend, so we don’t face that issue now. So again, we sold $700 million this year, and I would anticipate that we will continue to be selling assets at a little bit more elevated level in the next few quarters. In terms of use of capital, we clearly think about a buyback, and we think about in the context of the following: one, how much of a difference would it make to our earnings; two, what would the rating agency impact be depending on size; three, what’s the course of the pandemic and what are our needs for capital going to be in the coming quarters; and fourth, what capital do we want to allocate to new investment opportunities. As I mentioned, we’re seeing more of that this past quarter, and my expectation is, that will elevate further. We have brought in joint venture partners to help us fund new investment opportunities, which will help. But given that balance of all those factors, to-date, we have elected not to use our capital to repurchase.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Michael, the one thing that we’re following to try to assess when the recovery could occur is what’s the course of the virus? What’s the daily infection rate? Are we beating this thing? I think that’s the most important factor. And so as we think about the 2021, our assumption is that a vaccine will get approved, and it will be -- it will work for many people. And so then that vaccine has to be -- new doses have to be manufactured. It has to be distributed. There may be people that won’t take the vaccine. It may not work for everyone. But it’s going to take a while for that to work through the system. And then, look, I think we all need to follow the health safety guidelines more carefully as a country. I think that’s why we’re seeing the virus blooming in parts of the country because the basic health safety protocols are not being followed. And I’m hopeful that more and more people will do that and that will help as well.  So it’s a hard thing to assess. Our best guess or judgment at this point is that it is in the middle of next year. But to answer your question, could it happen faster? Yes, we certainly hope it does. Could it get delayed? I think it could. But our best case in thinking about the future or most likely case would be sometime in the middle of the year.
Owen Thomas: One of the additional comments from the Boston region that we’re finding is that we clearly have the competitive advantage with our basis, not only in land or in the buildings that we’re converting. And the strategy of taking these incremental pieces of buildings that we already own has really played out. And what we’re hearing over and over again from these companies is predictability is so incredibly important to them. And that gets back to Doug’s comment on operating prowess and then our ability to not only get the permits in these existing assets, but deliver in a very predictable basis. It’s been said over and over again recently that this is so important to them. So, it plays well for our strategy in Boston.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So, Vikram, I’ll start, and Doug and Mike might want to jump in. So, as -- in terms of our current footprint, as you heard, about 6% of our revenue comes from life science tenants today. We have about 2 million square feet of redevelopment opportunities in our existing portfolio, some of which is already underway. And then, we have now about 4.5 million square feet of new development opportunities. All of this is under control, some of it through option. And as Bryan mentioned, it’s all on what I’d call -- the basis was established prior to all of this life science fervor that’s in the marketplace. So, that’s a huge benefit to us. So, we feel that we can materially grow our life science presence as a company, executing well on the opportunities that we already control. And Boston -- and those opportunities are primarily in Boston and San Francisco, which represents the majority of all of the lab and life science space in the country anyway. That being said, we’re not blind to new opportunities, and there are a number of them out there, and we are looking at them. And there’s certainly a possibility that we could add to our portfolio, maybe even in a market where we are currently operating, but do not have a life science presence, and we’re considering things like that. But again, I would make the point, our life science business is going to grow, based on the assets that we can currently control.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So, first of all, the assets that are trading, if you looked at that list that I went through, there are two -- they are either one in -- one of two categories. They’re either life science or life science related, or they have a long weighted average lease term. In other words, there is no leasing risk in the property. So, buildings that have leasing risk, a 5%, 10%, 15% turnover per year, or have some existing vacancy, buyers are going to assume lower market rents in most -- in many of our markets, and probably slower lease-up, given the volume of leasing activity is less. So, owners of those assets, and when you do that underwriting, that results in a discount to the value than it was pre-COVID when assumptions about market rent and the velocity of leasing were higher. And I do think a lot of owners, when they’re faced with that decision or -- they are going to say, well, I don’t want to sell it now. I believe in the full recovery of the office market, and the interest rates are very low, I’m just going to refinance and hold on. So, we just don’t see that many trades. And I think, Vikram, to answer your question, I don’t think there’s that many deals you can actually look at to price it. And second, in terms of the value drop, I think, it’s highly dependent on the characteristics of the building, a building that’s got just -- that’s fully leased, that’s got typical rollover, 5% or 10% a year. That one is probably not going to go down that much. But something that is 30% vacant today or faces higher rollover rates, that will go down more. So, I think, the answer to your question is based on the specific characteristics of the building.
Owen Thomas: Yes. No, I -- this is Owen, again. So, absolutely, I -- our new investment pipeline is going to focus on value-added opportunities. As Doug was describing, that’s our strength, our ability to execute, to attract tenants, to secure tenants, to build buildings on time and on budget to re-imagine existing buildings, those are the types of things that we want to get involved in. And I think, over time, and we saw it this past quarter, I do think more opportunities like that will present themselves. And, we are going to have to adjust our underwriting. Again, it depends on the market. As Doug was describing earlier, I think, some of our markets have been perhaps relatively unaffected from a rental rate standpoint, given their strength and others have been more affected. But, we will have to adjust our underwriting, both in terms of rents, concessions and lease-up velocity to be mindful of the current environment.
Owen Thomas: Thank you, operator. I think that concludes our remarks, concludes all the questions. Thank you for your interest in Boston Properties.
Doug Linde: I would just add. Again, I just went through, in our -- just our Boston market, literally immediate current decisions that were made, that refuted the whole notion of work from home reducing the utilization of office space. Okay? I mean, those are just -- those are facts. Those aren’t a comment by a pundit in a -- or a talking head in either the Wall Street Journal or on some evening news cast. And I’d just make the other following comment, which is, in 2017there were a whole host of futurists and pundits who are describing the demise of the single vehicle utilization and the fact that autonomous cars were going to fundamentally transform the way people were going to buy and own cars and that our parking garages were going to basically become derelict structures with no utilization. I would tell you that I think a lot of the thinking that was behind that was just simply wrong. And so I think it’s fair for people to describe their views on what work from home might be. But I think that there is another side of the equation, which Owen described, and we’re pretty strong believers in the fact that people are going to be coming back to work in volume, and they’re going to be using their office spaces. And quite frankly, in 2022, we’ll know what the answer is.
Doug Linde: So I’ll give you my perspective on this, and Owen, you can chime in. The lease-up is a lot slower than it otherwise was because at the moment, people are not moving around in significant ways in urban locations. They’re actually -- as you’ve seen, there’s been some outmigration. We expect that the lease-up is going to be prolonged, that if we thought we were going to be fully leased at the Hub on Causeway in late calendar year 2021, it’s going to be in 2022. And similarly, with Skyline, I think we had a 18-month to 24-month lease-up, and it’s going to be more than 24 months. I don’t know, relatively speaking, how much stress there is going to be on the rents. They’re really coming in the form of free rent for the most part in urban locations. And I think our yields are going to be lower. Our yields are going to be 20 basis points lower or 50 basis points lower? It will depend on that lease-up.
Doug Linde: So the answer to your question is nobody knows. There are just simply too few transactions to have occurred to really have any sense. And it’s -- and I don’t think it’s because there’s not pent-up demand for leasing activity. I just think it’s because the health crisis has just prolonged people’s decision-making. I mean we are having success leasing space in 3 out of the 5 markets that we’re operating in, as I described, in Boston, urban and suburban, and Northern Virginia as well as in New York City. And so I do think there is some activity, but it’s not enough to "determine" where market rents are going to be. There’s more sub-lets based on the market, and that’s going to have an impact in the short-term on rental rates because, as you know, sub-let space generally gets discounted and that discounted rent is going to impact the marketplaces. But we’re just not in a position where we can say how much rents are going to go down by. And then quite frankly, in a couple of our markets, we’re not sure they’re going to go down. I mean I don’t think they’re going to go down in Cambridge, Massachusetts. I’m not sure they’re going to go down in Reston, Virginia. But there are going to be places where there is going to be some pressure. I do want to make one really important point, which is market rents on average don’t drive the growth of our NOI on a medium or a short-term basis. Occupancy drives it. Whether our rents are up or down by 5% or 7% or 10%, really isn’t impacting what’s going on from a total revenue perspective, occupancy is what’s driving that. And if we are able to, as we have in the past, drive occupancy in a weaker market because people want to migrate to better buildings, I think we will do on a relative basis well, and we will not have a significant degradation on our revenues because market rents are going down.
Doug Linde: And Michael, obviously, the difference between retail and office is that our customers are not suffering the gross decline in revenues from their businesses because they’re not "altogether" at the same time, right? They’re clearly not as productive. They’re clearly not as effective. They’re clearly not growing in many cases, but they’re not suffering like a restaurant or a soft goods retailer who is dependent upon physical traffic to basically make a revenue. The issues that leaders, I believe, are facing are, there are still issues associated with schools. And unfortunately, that’s not something Boston Properties or any private company can solve. And until it’s very clear that the school systems across the country, private and public, are able to function in a "in-person manner," there’s going to be a hesitancy of business leaders to "demand" that their people come back to work. That’s just -- it’s just not going to happen. Getting back to sort of your first question about what could happen that would be better? If the drugs are really effective, I believe that they will get a higher utilization rate in terms of people actually being vaccinated if there’s a very, very high effective rate. If the drugs aren’t that effective, I think there’s going to be a slower take-up of those vaccinations. So depending upon the efficacy of these things, you could see a surprise one way or the other relative to how quickly people want to be vaccinated and when those people are vaccinated, how much more comfortable they feel getting back out and about, again, with social distancing and with masks, right, as precautions, but where they feel much more comfortable being active members of society.
Doug Linde: I think that the profile of our customers are companies that have a long-term view that their office space is very important to them and that the pandemic is a short-term phenomenon that is not going to impact their long-term space utilization trends, and so they’re making long-term decisions. And fortunately, there are a lot of those customers across our marketplaces that we have relationships with. And as I described with Ameriprise and Columbia Threadneedle, I mean, we -- there’s a company that didn’t have to come to us, and we literally manufactured space for them, and they were thrilled to be in our building. So part of it’s the type of the customer and part of it is our operating prowess. This is what we do. And we try and do these things all the time through good markets and bad markets. We take what the market is giving us relative to rental rates and concessions, and we do deals.
Doug Linde: Yes. So again, I think Owen described and Mike described that our collections for our office tenants were almost 99% this quarter -- or this month and that continues. We have not had any pickup in sort of conversations or concerns relative to our collections with our office tenants. And so we’re not having eviction problems with our tenants on the commercial side. With regard to sub-let space in San Francisco, so if you go back to 2001, sub-let space as a percentage of the total inventory, I think, was in the mid-40s. And then in ‘09 during the Great Recession, it was sort of in the 20% range. And this time, it’s closer to the mid-40s. So I think it’s probably going to feel more like the dotcom than it is the Great Recession relative to the amount of sub-let space that’s available. I think the difference is that the health of the companies right now are very strong. And so it’s a question of when they’re going to be prepared to start making business decisions again when they have some degree of comfort about when they can get their people back to work And when they can start hiring people in a significant way when they’re going to want to have them altogether. And that’s the $64,000 question in San Francisco, which is a technology-dependent market. I mean those companies are, relatively speaking, doing really, really well. And so we are optimistic that when we get through the pandemic-related issues, there’s going to be a pickup in activity in San Francisco.
Doug Linde: And so look, I think, the reason that everyone is, I think, focusing on life science at the moment is because there’s demand, right? It’s about the demand that in -- particularly in certain key markets, Cambridge, Waltham, Lexington and Boston now being probably the pinnacle of that in the country. And so, we have an enormous number of early and late-stage companies that are moving forward with their business models and that are looking for space. And so, it’s that desire for the tenants to want space that is creating the opportunity to build those buildings. And everything we are doing is we’re saying, okay, we’re going to take our office buildings and we’re going to design the kind of office building we want to design. And then, we’re going to make sure that that building also has the infrastructure from a HVAC and from a loading and from a chemical storage and neutralization perspective that will allow for easy life science utilization at the same time. And then, depending upon what the tenant wants, we’ll build a life science installation or we’ll build an office installation, and we’ll figure that out on the go. And generally, as we’ve I think seen we’re quite confident and capable of doing this. And it’s really a question of tenant demand that’s going to drive which way the product mix goes. There is clearly a lot of companies that are looking at doing these types of conversions. Whether they’ll all be successful, you’re bet is as good as mine. The locations are becoming a little bit more dispersed. The echo centers of Cambridge is, I think, in most people’s minds built out. Although we are actually, knock on wood, trying to get a significant amount of new permits through the city that will allow us to expand our portfolio in Kendall Square. So, people are looking far out. They’re looking at Watertown, they’re looking at Summerville, they’re looking in south of the city of Boston, and then, they’re looking Walton Lexington. And the Walton Lexington, I think, is probably where we’re focusing most of our attention. A, we control land out there; B, we know the brokers who are representing these tenants and where these tenants likely want to be, and they want to be in those western suburbs, it’s also more affordable. And there’s a significant amount of demand that’s out there, which is what we’re trying to serve.
Doug Linde: I think, I made two comments. So, first is, we have a tenant and we signed a letter of intent with an office tenant for the 601 Gateway Building to take about 70,000 square feet of space. And, our plans are, the first thing I think we’re -- the venture is going to do is they’re going to vacate 651 Gateway and make that building into a lab building. It’s currently an office building. So, I think, that’s the first thing. And then, there’s a building that is under design for -- I think, it’s 180,000 square feet, which is the next building, but we’ll probably be in a position to deliver 651 as a lab building before we get that other building underway.
Doug Linde: So, I would just say, Jamie -- this is Doug that -- so look, the hotel and the parking are unlikely to improve materially relative to where they were in 2019 in the first half of 2021. That’s our view. And, again, the parking revenue is driven by two things. Monthly parkers who are office tenants who are coming to work a significant portion of the week, and transient retail in Boston and in Cambridge and in Washington D.C., for people who are enjoying the urban nature of those cities. And, our view is that the first half of 2021 is going to be a lot closer to how it feels today than it felt in 2019. Again, we talked about the health issues, and we talked about that’s really what’s leading our economic viewpoint. And so, while you may see sequential increases, we’re down by -- from such a low bar, it’s not going to be a material difference. And again, the hotel was closed in the second quarter and it was closed in the third quarter, and it’s going to basically be breakeven from an operating basis in the fourth quarter of 2020 and probably the first quarter of 2021, again, because there is just no business travel. So, people should anticipate and it should not be a surprise to anybody that those line items continue to be materially impacted by what’s going on from a COVID perspective. But, when they come back, they’re going to come back really strong, and the question is when.
Doug Linde: We have never had those conversations directly with a tenant. I mean, we see from all of the tenants that are public companies, how much their rent is as a portion of their gross revenues or their gross margins, and it’s not very material with the financial institutions and the asset managers, I mean, they’re -- it’s immaterial, probably under 5%. With some of the professional services firms, they have two costs. They have payroll and they have real estate. And my guess is that payroll is vastly larger than their real estate on a relative basis. But, it’s a lot easier to quote unquote, reduce your headcount or your occupancy cost than it is to reduce your payroll, right? It’s just the emotion associated with that. So, I don’t think that very many companies are thinking about utilization of space as a way to, quote unquote, materially change their margins, unless they’re in trouble, because the recession has dramatically reduced their overall revenues. And then, everything is on the table, and it really doesn’t matter how much one is of the other. They’re just looking at shed costs wherever possible.
Doug Linde: So, it depends again on the particular building. In general, in San Francisco, if we were in the fourth quarter of 2019, I would tell you that average rents were -- across our portfolio, were in excess of $100 gross. Okay? So, if the $61 a square foot gross number represents the 114,000 square feet of space that we already have pre-exercise relative to renewals, there’s still -- there’s a significant embedded growth there. Our properties down in Mountain View that are expiring are probably expiring somewhere in the range of $36 to $40 triple net. And in the fourth quarter of 2019, rents were probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $60 triple net. And interestingly, I’d say, of all of the markets in our -- in the quote unquote, California part of our portfolio, the market that’s held up the best has been Silicon Valley, because there’s a lot of engineering work and a lot of maker work, and those companies are still doing their thing, and there’s still VC money that’s funding those companies. So, that market has seen much, much less sublet space come on the market. In the Greater Boston marketplace, we -- again, it depends on the buildings. All the conversions we’re doing have enormous embedded increases because we’re going from somewhere in the mid to high-20s on a net basis to somewhere at a minimum in the low 50s on a net basis. And then, in our CBD portfolio, the current rents pre-COVID were somewhere between $75 and $85 a square foot on average across our portfolio. And my guess is, our expiring rents were somewhere in the 60s a square foot. So just to give you -- those sort of gives you a sense of sort of where things are.
Doug Linde: Yes. So, I’m allowing you to say. I think, rents are going to go down by 5%, 10%, 15%, whatever you think they are, and you can do the math however you want to do it.
Doug Linde: So, I just want to want to make one general comment here, because I think people sort of -- they don’t appreciate it. So, what we accomplished in Reston and what we accomplished, for example, with Columbia, at Atlantic Wharf, these are hard manufactured deals. And we took these tenants from going to other places where they were -- in the case of Fannie Mae -- excuse me, VW, I believe, there was a signed letter of intent and a lease that was in negotiation. And we were able to get the space and say, by the way, we can deliver the space, trust us, it’s going to be complicated, but we can get to there. And similarly, with the Ameriprise Columbia Group. I mean, this is what we do all the time to maintain occupancy in our portfolio. And I think it’s what differentiates us from many of the people who are in our "competitive marketplaces," and it’s where the value creation is. So, when you think about the office market and you think about what’s going on in a macro perspective with concessions and with where rents might be, just have the underlying perspective that we can do things in tough markets that other people might not want to do or can’t do and maintain our occupancy in our portfolio in a way that really puts us in a very good standing relative to our underlying revenues and our underlying FFO and our underlying AFFO and our cash flow.
Doug Linde: There is absolutely more sublet space in October of 2020 than there was in March of 2020 in our portfolio. Is it meaningful? I don’t think it’s meaningful, but there are certainly -- I can -- I know of a handful of our tenants that have said, hey, if we could get someone to take our space, we’ll get off of our space. I mean, the biggest example of that is CV Star in our portfolio in Manhattan where they have a lot of term left on their lease. Again, it’s not because there is a financial problem with that tenant. They’re just -- they’re trying to be opportunistic. And to the extent that they’re able to find somebody for that space, I don’t know what they’ll do with their people, but we’ll deal with it. But, there are those types of examples throughout the portfolio, but not in significant numbers.
Doug Linde: No. We are looking, absolutely. I think, the point is -- and we have, we’re in the market. We’re a life science player. We’re going to look at new acquisitions. And we will make those acquisitions if we think they make sense. But, the point I’m trying to stress is, we don’t need to do that to grow the life science component of Boston Properties materially, based on the development opportunities and redevelopment opportunities that we currently control.
Doug Linde: Yes. Look, we don’t want to comment on specific investments that we’re looking at or pursuing, but I think it’s our job to understand everything that’s in the market. And if we think we can create a value-creation opportunity for shareholders to chase it. So, clearly, that’s something that’s on our radar screen.
Doug Linde: By the way, we follow the market carefully. I mentioned, I believe, five specific asset sales in my remarks, and four of them were on buildings that were almost immediately adjacent or very proximate to buildings that we have. So, we’re always in the market in the Class A office and life science space in our core markets.
Doug Linde: It’s an impossible question to answer, Danny, because there’s relatively speaking, different impacts on the ability for companies to do business, based upon the geographic locations. So, I mean, I don’t think it’s a surprise that the activity level in Boston, the activity level in Northern Virginia and the activity level in New York are greatly -- more significant than the activity level we’re seeing in Los Angeles and San Francisco. And Los Angeles and San Francisco have been the governments that have been most restrictive about going back to work and where many companies in the technology space that quote unquote, can work from home, are located. So, those organizations have been at the forefront of not being allowed to come back to work. And so, I think it’s impacted their ability to sort of understand and know from a leasing activity perspective and from a space utilization perspective, what the world is going to feel like when they’re able to start to do things in a more consistent basis. And again, so we would anticipate that if we’re getting out of the COVID restrictions in the middle of 2021 in a significant way that we will start to see those organizations bringing their people back to work and then making decisions as to how it’s going to -- how it actually impacted their productivity and their collaboration and their ability to get their business goals accomplished. And if they couldn’t do those things, we think they will need to take more space to be able to fit those people to the extent that they decide that there’s a portion of their population that can work partially from home. And they can, as Owen said, share their physical platforms amongst each other as opposed to having dedicated platforms to an individual, then they won’t need more space. But, I just think it’s impossible to answer the question because everyone is in a different place relative to the -- where the governments are allowing them to go from a health security perspective, and as we’ve seen, even where the restrictions have been lifted, the social issues associated with particularly educational systems have put companies that are really positioned relative to quote unquote demanding the people come back to work.
Mike LaBelle: Well, the reason I gave you kind of where it’s located is to provide some insight into what that is, without giving you the exact rents. But, I mean, 170,000 square feet is at 399 and 40,000 square feet is at the GM Building. So, those are rents that are -- those are high rent buildings, right? So, those are close to $100 or certainly over $100 for the GM Building. And then, the other two big slugs of that is suburban Boston, where the average rent in suburban Boston is probably mid-40s, high-40s, and that’s the 125,000 square feet. And then, the Reston, rents are right around $50 a square foot, where, again, we signed a big lease with Microsoft for 400,000 square feet last quarter, and it goes in, in phases. So, a portion of it went in, in the second quarter, 165,000 square feet of it is going in, in the first quarter of ‘21. And then, I think, it’s another 50,000 or 60,000 square feet that goes in later in 2021. And that’s all kind of in addition to the other renewal we did with them this quarter, which was about 160,000 square feet; and then, two incremental expansions, which was 45,000 square feet in one of the Freedom Square buildings, and then they basically took all of one of the Discovery Square building. So, the lease we mentioned in our press release was 186,000 square feet, and that was basically them extending long term and then taking the last additional floor they didn’t have in Discovery Square. So that’s been quite successful. So, those expansions which went into place this quarter, again, the rents in Reston are right around $50 a square foot. So, that was intended to give you some insight into the impact from those deals.
Mike LaBelle: Yes. That’s not part of the 581. The expectation is, hopefully, we’ll be able to get that deal signed. It is not signed yet. It is under discussion. But, we think they want to stay in the building. They’re going to contract by probably 150,000 square feet. And then, they’re going to continue to take 150,000 square feet on kind of a medium-term basis with no kind of out-of-pocket cost for us. So, it’s beneficial to us. So, I’d say the rent is a little bit below what we would otherwise get for that building, but there’s no cost and it’s medium term, and we’re keeping occupancy. So, it’s beneficial to us. And I think that they should start paying rent at the beginning of 2021. And right now, again, we are not recognizing any revenue for any of that space.
Mike LaBelle: So, the dividend coverage, right, has gone to 110% the last couple of quarters because we’ve had these rent deferrals that we’ve done that has affected our cash NOI. Our parking and our hotel are obviously way off. And then, this quarter, we had a little bit of occupancy degradation on top of that. And as Owen described, we think that this is going to continue until these parts of the business start to improve, and then our development starts to come in line. And what we’re doing is, we’re selling some assets that have gains in them, and we’re able to be comfortable that we’re maintaining our regular dividend without having to do a special dividend. And we’re kind of opportunistically doing this. So, if you include the gains on sales, we’ve got plenty of cash flow to cover our dividend. There’s no kind of concerns with that. We have no concerns at this point with our dividend. And as you look further out and you look at the development pipeline coming in and the income that that is going to create and the cash flow that that is going to create, our view is that in future years, we’re going to be back to increasing our dividend. So, that’s -- there’s no kind of view here, at this point, that we’re going to reduce it.
Mike LaBelle: So, I mean, we really haven’t delayed. I mean, 159 East 53rd Street, we have pushed that asset back and it’s really related to the build-out, it has nothing to do with what we’ve done. We’ve completed our obligation a year ago, and we’ve been getting cash rent from that tenant for over a year. And, it’s sitting in prepaid rent on our balance sheet. And as soon as we can deliver this thing, it’s actually going to come in. So, that one, again, we’re kind of reliant upon the build-out timeframe on that. And then, we pushed 200 West Street stabilization out a little bit. But, Doug described, got a letter of intent signed for the entire building. And that’s when the tenant is going to complete their build-out. And we hope to have that be signed shortly. And 20 CityPoint, we also have an LOI for that entire building. And that tenant’s build-out is going to be completed in Q3 of 2021. So, we’re basically just adjusting based on leasing activity that’s going on in the pipeline.
Mike LaBelle: In terms of uncollected rents, I’m not sure what the exact percentage is on the existing AR. We do have deferred rents that we described in the quarter, which are rents where we are accruing for those tenants, and that was $18 million. So, those are, I guess, rents where we wrote off $6 million of AR, and we still have $18 million that came in this quarter that were deferring. So, I think that will give you a sense. We did have one co-working tenant that we wrote off this quarter, but it was a smaller exposure that we have. So, we do still have a couple of co-working tenants in the portfolio that continue to pay us on a current basis, and that we have not taken write-offs for.
John Powers: Yes. Well, I think, it’s a great building. And the type of tenants that are in the building are financial tenants mostly, or family offices, et cetera. I think, there we have some vacancy in the building. That’s one of the reasons, of course, that they’re looking, but this is a very attractive building, and we’ve had a good flow. We’re also putting an amenity center in the building that has been very, very well received by the tenants sort of looking and also those tenants that have done leases with us.
John Powers: Well, we continue to work on the site with the MTA and city planning, and we’re about to enter into the ULURP process, our application -- meaning our application will be accepted. I think that will happen sometime in the first quarter. We are moving forward as the agent for MTA for the demolition of the site, and we’re starting that. We’ve awarded that contract, and the early demolition work is starting. So it’s going to take about a year to take the building down. We have not -- go ahead.
John Powers: Yes. So, we are still negotiating the ground lease agreement with the MTA. We are now currently acting as the agent on the development site for the demolition.
