Douglas T. Linde: This is Doug, Michael. I think the mark-to-market that we have is clearly on the positive slope at this point. We are probably somewhere in the "mid-40s" on an average rent going forward in 2013, and I wouldn't be surprised to think that, that portfolio is probably somewhere between $0.07 to $0.10 below market because all of the drag we've had over the last few quarters has been in San Francisco. So the good news is that we are now below market in San Francisco in total on a going-forward basis. So I think that '14 and '15 is really Back Bay-centric. And the goal we have is to get in front of that leasing as quickly and as expeditiously as we possibly can in the context of making sure that we're not leaving money on the table. And we've -- as I think I've suggested, we've been pretty successful with that portfolio, and that's really the space that we've described in 101 Huntington Avenue and at the John Hancock Tower. Most of our suburban exposure in that same period of time is in Waltham, and we're actively working on that as well. So we feel pretty good about the manageability of where we have the vacancy upcoming and our expectations of being able to do something with that tenancy prior to those leases actually turning over.
Douglas T. Linde: I do. I can tell you that if you look at our availability today, the bulk of that availability is in 2 places. The first is in suburban Boston, and we are, in fact, seeing a pretty, pretty consistent organic growth of technology and biotech companies out there. These are not household names from a public market cap perspective, but they probably are household names in the venture world. And I think the other area where we have large vacancy is in the suburban San Francisco portfolio, from a total square footage perspective, and we're encouraged by the ability to lease space in Silicon Valley on a going-forward basis because there really just isn't a lot of high-quality space there to be leased. So those 2 areas, I think, are probably the largest numbers. I think picking up 183,000 square feet in Reston, hopefully next quarter, will go a long way to basically putting us in a position where those are really 2 of the major exposures. And then, obviously, 510 Madison, we have 130,000 square feet of leasing that we're going to get done there, which I think will, again, impact our occupancy numbers in a very positive way.
Douglas T. Linde: So let me answer the first question, Jordan, which is -- so we told you what the total remaining obligation was and how long the lease was going. It was going through, I believe, middle of '15. And I think we told you what the square footage was. It was 39,000 square feet. So you can get a sense of -- you can figure out what the rent was. The space is in 2 pieces. There's a concourse level space, and then there's space that's in the -- on the first floor of the building. And there are users who are looking for one of those 2 pieces, and there are users who are looking for -- who would consider taking some mezzanine space or some concourse space, as well as some first floor space. We're encouraged by the type of interest we have in the space. We're not expecting to announce a deal in the next 6 weeks and have rent commencement in 2012. It's an important space. It's an expensive space, so it's for the right client at the right time, but we're encouraged by the demand we've had. We had a very seriously interested tenant a few weeks ago that continues to talk to us, and there are others who are now aware that the space is available. We are doing some work to improve the visibility of the space. You can then imagine that CBS and their use of the space was not a traditional use, given the fact that there was a studio. So in order to sort of explain and expose the space to the market, we have to do some work to improve its visibility, and in order to do that, we had to get the space back. So we think we're going to be successful with this space. I can't tell you why.
Douglas T. Linde: Well, it's already stopped being a negative impact on the NOI. It's only a negative impact on our same-store leasing statistics because as the spaces are already been let, and so all we're doing is we're doing the comparison from where the rents were to where the rents are. So there is no negative impact on our numbers, and it's not going down. It's actually going up because as we burn off free rent, as Mike suggested, and we're doing build-out, we're gaining both occupancy as well as revenue recognition. But as each of the leases commence, from an economic perspective, we're explaining to the world what the previous rent was versus that rent. And again, that's why there's that statistical impact. But I think we've been explaining this now ad nauseum for the better part of 2.5 years. And we are now positive mark-to-market in a big way in San Francisco.
Douglas T. Linde: Yes, Rob, I'll just mention one thing. I guess I'd suggest that the word force is not the right word. We're encouraged that our income and our taxable income, because our earnings are going up, is going to increase. And if that results in a requirement by the REIT statute to increase our dividend, that's not a bad thing. So we're not being forced to do it, we're happy to earn our way into a higher dividend.
Douglas T. Linde: I'm going to -- let me start on that one. So I guess I would respectfully disagree with your view that they are looking for older industrial properties. If you go down to the Silicon Valley, you won't find any older industrial properties. You'll find campuses that have been created over the last 25 years, which are made up of suburban office buildings of between 3 and 6 stories, with floor plates between 35,000 and 50,000 square feet, which have more amenities than you can shake a stick at, and either parking fields and/or parking structures and the hope of public transportation. And that's the heart of the technology business in California. As companies have come into the city, they have -- small companies have sort of looked at some of this, what we refer to as brick-and-beam older rehab building construction. But many of the buildings that are being occupied by technology companies in the city of San Francisco are traditional office buildings with modern HVAC electrical distribution systems, good-quality floor plates, good light and air. And the way they're using the space is different than what a traditional law firm might be using that space. If you go to Cambridge, Massachusetts, all of the products have been built since the late '70s, early '80s, and they are 3-story, 5-story, 7-story, 11-story, 15-story office buildings. They are brick for the most part. Some of them are curtain wall, and they are occupied by Google and EMC and Microsoft and VMware and Akamai and all the sort of brand-name companies, as well as a number of smaller companies, whose names we haven't heard of. And again, very traditional space. Now there are locations like Midtown South where -- that have developed, where companies have been looking for inexpensive space, traditionally, and they have migrated to what I would refer to as non-A buildings. And that seems to be a trend that is important down there. But I -- we believe that as those tenants become more sophisticated and they grow and they become larger, they will struggle to want to locate in those types of environments. That's not to say that there won't be a new generation of up-and-coming venture capital and entrepreneurial companies that won't want that space, but the companies that are growing and being successful will have to find and migrate into what I would refer to as more traditional space. So while there is clearly an interest in that type of space, we believe that there is just as much of an interest and a need for great, traditional, new construction buildings that were built in locations and have amenities packages and transportation networks and demographics that are attractive to buildings that we earn -- that we own today.
Douglas T. Linde: I would, I guess -- we don't -- we're not in the midst of what's going on in Midtown South. But tenants like Google are, in fact, expanding, and tenants like Microsoft are, in fact, expanding and Oracle and companies like that because, quite frankly, they need to improve their employment base because they're looking for the most qualified interesting types of folks to work in those organizations. And so they are expanding in sort of modest ways in New York City. And then you do have a number of technology companies that are in the either social media or the digital media or the media content business that are -- that we are aware of that are growing in Midtown South and other places. So there is expansion. I think my point was and this is -- for people who weren't part of the conversation, the discussion was: At what point will, if at all, those larger companies start to look at some of the buildings in places like Sixth Avenue, which have very large floor plates and are very significant assets as a viable location for those types of enterprises? And there are some that are looking today, but they are the more traditional, what we would refer to as mature companies and not that sort of new-of-breed companies. But time will tell.
Douglas T. Linde: I think, Jamie, our multiyear view is that if you're looking for the formation of wealth and knowledge-based companies, the greater San Francisco area has -- is the dominant cluster of where those businesses want to locate and where the really intellectually capable employees migrate to when they're looking to find fame and fortune, I'm not being facetious, in the U.S. economy. And so we continue to see that as being a critically important part of the growth of the country's economic prosperity, and therefore, we think it's a great place to own real estate if we can find it and it's well priced and well located. As I said, things clearly have slowed down in San Francisco, but they were going at such a rapid pace, that -- I mean, when you see a 500 basis points reduction in the availability rate in a major market in a little less than a year, that's a pretty extraordinary phenomenon, and it can't stay up that way forever. And San Francisco has always been a volatile market. And I wouldn't be surprised if some of these companies actually don't survive. I mean, it's not like every IPO technology company is going to survive for the next 25 years and become the next Microsoft or the next Apple, so we're going to see failures. But I think out of those same companies, there are going to be lots of great employees who can find other places to work and other things to do, which will be a great bench for the growth of that particular marketplace. So I think you're going to see the ups and downs of that market. But in the sort of big picture, I think, you're going to see a lot of progress and a lot of opportunity there because that's, quite frankly, where wealth accretion is occurring.
Douglas T. Linde: Ray, why don't you and Peter talk about how it changes the operation of the environment there and what we're -- what we will do over time. And Michael can do some calculations and try to answer John's technical question.
Douglas T. Linde: I would say that it is active, but it is clearly slower than it was last year largely due to the fact that we don't have nearly as many renewal opportunities in the portfolio as we otherwise would have had. And I think we've made this point clear in previous discussions. Most tenants, when they're looking for larger requirements, get out in front of their availability by certainly 12 months plus. And so to the extent that something is not leased today and we're not working on it, it's not going to hit our statistics for the third or the fourth quarter. And we have good activity. We've got a bunch of larger transactions that are in place. Will we get to where we were last year? I don't think we can. I mean, we just don't have the square footage to lease.
Douglas T. Linde: The way we think about it, and this is probably not going to be a very satisfying answer to you, so I apologize in advance, is that we think about what our opportunity set might in terms of use of capital, what our liquidity looks like in a short-term and a medium-term basis and at what point do we feel that the markets are changing in a way that could impact that decision-making. The point being that, yes, we have $600,000 -- $600 million of expirations in the middle of 2013 on the bond side, but we're not really thinking about prefunding that in the next 6 months but -- sorry, next 60 days. But our anticipation is we will prefund that at some point. And the question is: Will we have used our cash or not used our cash? If we have found things to invest in that are both value-accretive and earnings-accretive and opportunities to improve the growth of the company, we will do that, and we'll figure out how to capitalize those opportunities based upon what the capital structure of those assets may be. So for example, if we're buying an asset that is 80% leverage, probably doesn't make a lot of sense to necessarily use debt financing to purchase that asset. On the other hand, if we're buying an asset that is 100% unencumbered, having a mix of equity and a mix of debt and selling some assets or raising equity or doing a bond issuance or doing a convertible or doing some preferred, perpetual preferred, which is certainly an option to us now. All those things are on the table.
Douglas T. Linde: I think all the things that you said were accurate, and it was a well spoken sort of explanation of what I'm going to say. I'd say the thing that's changing is that there are probably a few more, what I would refer to as not core assets that we are sort of moving out of, aka the Bedford Research Park, which was a $63 million asset. There are a number of those that we are looking at in addition to getting out of some high-quality core assets that we think somebody else's view of what the potential of those assets are versus what ours is may be higher, and therefore, we're going to get paid very well to exit those assets and be able to redeploy the capital into something else.
Douglas T. Linde: I'm going to be honest with you, Josh. You're being far more inquisitive than we are yet ready to answer. I will say this that we think we're going to be able to reduce the cost that Beacon is expending to operate the buildings, not insignificantly, in the order of $7,500 a square foot. And in addition, adding the math and reorganizing how we manage the property and start to bid out with larger square footage on certain types of enterprises, like landscaping and security and all those sort of things, should reduce our costs on our existing buildings. And the question is: What does it mean for our tenants? And what does it mean for us? To the extent that we have triple net leases, it just means the tenants have a lower cost of occupancy, which is a great thing. And to the extent we have gross leases, it means that there's obviously more income coming in the door than there otherwise would have been. But that will play itself out over time.
Douglas T. Linde: Could you -- I just -- David, could you just explain that again? I'm confused as to what you're referring to.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that, for the most part, if you want to increase velocity or shall I say, if we want to increase velocity, what we have found is that we have to invest more capital into our spaces earlier. And so you are seeing us with a preponderance of investments into some of these pre-billed suite opportunities and buildings like 510 Madison and 599 Lex and 540 Madison, soon to be as SAC moves out of the base of that building. And I think that involves more capital than you would be putting in on a "negotiated lease basis." So if a turnkey installation on a small fleet is $85 a square foot, that's $20 -- $10 or $20 a square foot more. The reason that we do that is we make a decision that we thing we're going to improve the velocity of the leasing significantly, and so instead of having to wait 12 months, we only have to wait 3 months because we've taken care of the build-out time and we've only had to put $10 or $20 a square foot more into the space. That's the type of, I'd say, increase in capital expenditures we are seeing on the leasing side. We are not seeing a weakness in the market, whereby there is a significant increase in the overall availability of space in any of our markets, which are leading landlords to provide much greater concession packages than they would have 6 months or 9 months ago.
Douglas T. Linde: It would be nice to believe that. I think there continue to be some significantly well-capitalized competitors of ours in our markets that are prepared to do similar types of transactions, although, they may be more reluctant to do it than we are, and therefore, that's why we're having as much success as we're having.
Douglas T. Linde: I think that ends our comments. We thank you for being patient and holding your summer plans until this week. We wish you all a happy and enjoyable couple of weeks until we get back in September. We will, I promise you, not be all going on summer vacation. We'll still be leasing space and looking for acquisitions and trying to get developments going even as the...
Michael E. LaBelle: Michael, you're right in that it's relatively low. I mean, it's 4.7% of the portfolio. Our typical -- if you think about our average lease rate, it would typically be between 9% and 10%. But obviously, as we get closer, we're doing forward leasing all the time, so it tends to reduce down as we get closer to the year. So again, as Doug said, if you look at 2014 right now, it's 10%. By the time we get there, it's going to be less than 10% because we're doing allot of that leasing now.
Michael E. LaBelle: Yes, that's fair. I mean, we've -- like I said, we're not going to give 2013 projections on this call, but I did want to give a sense. Because we've talked about the fact that 2012 was a transition year, the fact that we had a lot of leasing that we did and we had a lot of free rent this year, so I wanted to demonstrate just in kind of 5 or 6 properties, there's a significant amount of change for '13.
Michael E. LaBelle: The square footage did increase a little bit. We had not included the fitness center space in the square footage before. So that's really the increase in the square footage. And what is the second part of your question? Sorry, Jordan.
Michael E. LaBelle: I mean, I would expect our taxable income to continue to go up. It went up in 2011. It went up to a point in 2011 when -- that we decided that it was the right thing to do, at the end of '11, to increase the dividend. With some of the acquisition activity that we're having, it's going up in '12 as well. We're going to be reviewing our dividend projections with our board next quarter and talking a little about -- further about what we're to do going forward into '13. Taxable income is also impacted by cash. So as the free rent becomes cash rent, it has an impact on taxable income as well. So that is something that we're going to be looking -- we look at it on a quarterly basis, so we're going to be looking at it in a much more formal way heading into the third and fourth quarters of this year.
Michael E. LaBelle: Yes. John, just to get on the -- talk to you a little bit about the valuations. I mean, the way we look at the retail, as Doug mentioned, the run rates in the retail range anywhere from the high $30s to the $80 range on a market basis. And today, it's in the mid $30s triple net. We think that, that retail is worth somewhere between $650 to $700 a square foot probably, given the higher net income from that, NOI from that. The office space is about $40 on a gross basis, which is a little under $30 on a net basis. Again, we think it's a little bit below market, as Doug mentioned. So if you had to do a split, you might do a split of $450-or-so for the office and $650 to $700 for the retail, something like that.
Michael E. LaBelle: No, I mean, I think, that as Doug mentioned, a lot of the leasing we're doing is forward leasing. It's for '13 and '14 and '15. For '12, we just -- we don't have that much coming due. If you kind of look at what we indicated our occupancy projection would be and you look at what our rollover is, we're really talking about doing 1 million, 1.2 million square feet that will kind of affect 2012. Now we're going to do a lot more leasing than that, but it's going to be for '13 and '14. And we do have quite a few larger deals that we're working on, but again, that's for later in the year. But if you think about what happens with '12, it's really looking at our occupancy and where rollover is.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I don't think we have any -- this is Mort. I don't think we have any indication of any change in their interest, but I can tell you that if there is any change, we will probably be one of the first to talk to them about it.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, not necessarily. I mean, I don't have any way of adjusting, and I think one of the particular investors might very well be interested in reviewing their position here. But we haven't heard anything about that for quite a number of months, and we haven't seen anything happening there. So we just don't know where they are. But I can tell you, we are very bullish about these assets, and I'm sure that so are they. They're not going to have too many opportunities to invest in real estate of that quality.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I'll answer that part. We haven't seen very much in the way of an increase in available assets to be purchased. There is always some, and we're sort of always in that game. I do think that the financial strength and resources that we have will give us a comparative advantage as well as the ability to move quickly. But as you know, these things are -- each one of them is a one-off transaction and we are always in the flow of them. And sometimes they go through and sometimes they don't for various reasons. But there is not a great supply of the kind of assets that we would like to buy.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, it's Mort, I'm going to take a crack at that. I do think that there is the widest range of unease in the business and financial community that I've ever witnessed in relation to a particular government. I've expressed it in the following way. Generally speaking, in America, we boo the loser. But this is an administration that boos the winner. I think people are very, very uncomfortable about that, and they don't know exactly where it goes or where it's going to take this administration. But in any event, they don't like it. So my general view is that, and not only in terms of the personalities, but also in terms of the general policies, that a Romney election would be better received by the overall business community and would, I think, give a lot more confidence going forward to the business community because 4 years is an awfully long time on top of what has been 4 of the weakest years in our economy since the 1930s. So I do think that's going to have a serious effect on the economy. Another thing that is going to be really critical is this so-called fiscal cliff. I mean, here we have an economy that's growing somewhere, if it's growing at all, it's not growing more than, on an annualized basis, more than 1%, 1.5%. If you hit that fiscal cliff and nothing is done about it because of a lack of leadership or because of dysfunctional government or a level of partisanship that makes everything impossible, you are looking at a major, major effect on the economy probably in the range of 4% of GDP, and that means you would almost guarantee a real slowdown in the economy next year. We just don't know how this is all going to play out. You always would like to think that there is a certain level of maturity in our national leadership, both in the Congress and in the executive branch. But I must say, a lot of people are disappointed with that expectation, and I just don't know how this is going to play out. But those are the issues that are at risk as we sit here and look at the election. I have long believed that this election is going to be determined by the economy, but particularly by the unemployment numbers, and the unemployment numbers are much worse than the headline numbers, so we're just going to have to see how that plays out because the real campaign has not started. It will start only after Romney accepts the nomination at his party convention and the country begins to really focus in on this, which typical [ph] September and October. And that's when we'll get a feel for where it is and whether or not there's going to be any new proposals, economic proposals, given what might be happening in the economy.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I do think that an Obama election will undoubtedly suppress some of the willingness of American business to invest, to renew, to add space. I absolutely do think that, that is a part of it. I'm astonished, frankly. I've never gotten -- never seen anything like what we are going through now, where there is such a void of confidence in the financial and economic leadership of the country. I say this, by the way, as somebody who voted for and supported Obama in the last election, but I do think that this is a very serious issue that, at least, I have never witnessed anything close to what exists today. And the conversations and the public measurement of confidence on the part of the business world in the economy, it's very, very shaky, in part because the economy has been so weak for so long and in part because there's a feeling that the macroeconomic policies, as compared to the monetary policies, have really not worked. We've really had a failure of policy, which, I have to say, was reasonably predictable. And whether or not you have another level of political gridlock going into the next couple of years, it's going to be really important for the business community because, in a sense, a lot of what we're going to be looking for is going to have to come out of Washington in terms of starting up energy in the economy. And particular, as we know, the animal spirits, as we -- phrase that we use in America to describe the economy, is very important. It really does reflect confidence, and I don't think anybody will deny that diminution of confidence in the business world that has taken place over the last 3 or 4 years over what's happened in Washington.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I'll try my hand at that. No, there always is buzz, but I do think there is more buzz, if I can say that, these days. Look, everybody's very nervous just about the future of the economy and how it would affect every market, but it also is going to affect New York. New York has had also extraordinary fiscal and political leadership over the last 20 years between Giuliani and Bloomberg, and nobody knows who the next mayor is going to be and what effect that will have on the general business environment. So I do think there's more chatter. But a lot of these things, as you know, there are a lot of families in New York that own a lot of real estate. When they move, they move slowly at first and then very quickly. Our whole effort will be to be around and be a part of those discussions when they move. And we just can't be any more specific about predictions than that.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, let me give one part of that, okay? I think there is still a lot of sources from outside the United States who want to invest in high-quality real estate here in the United States. We are equal opportunity partners that we're happy to work with them, and we're happy to work with other institutions here in the United States. But I think a lot of the people feel -- people who are managing funds in Europe and indeed, in Asia are really much more confident about the American economy than they are in their own economies. The European economy is in very, very serious shape, and everything depends there, in the short run, on the central bank; but over the intermediate term, on whether or not they can get their economies moving again. And the same thing is true of a lot of the countries in Asia. And they still have a lot of funds to put out, and I think frankly, we probably have good access to these investors who are really contacting us on a regular basis and have been for years. But the real issue from our point of view is: Can we find the kind of assets that we want to buy? This is not an easy question to answer because we really have very high standards, and those standards are not just a measure of social standards. We have had a long experience in terms of what we think not only works in good times, but most particularly, we have a very -- and always have had, a very real concern on the assets that would do well in difficult times, which is why we always say we try and buy A assets in A locations and quite simply it's because those are the assets that do relatively better in difficult times, not -- you don't only compare them to good times, and that's what a lot of investors are looking for. Those assets do not come along every day, every week or every month, and we just are in that flow. And if we can find those assets, we will be very active in trying to acquire them on reasonable terms, and at some point, we might very well involve ourselves to a greater degree than we have in the past, in partnership with some of these international or foreign funds that are certainly all around the real estate market. They like real estate because it is a real asset. They're very worried about assets where there could be a decline in value. If you have real estate assets, which are reasonably well leased, even though the yields are relatively low compared to historical numbers at which you can acquire these assets, the fact is that they are relatively a safer investment in the short term and a more attractive investment in the longer term, which is the way we feel as well, I have to tell you, just about our own investment. So I think there is a lot of pent-up demand among financial institutions to go into real state. You've read a lot about this, I'm sure, and it's been all over the press. And I think they're for the reasons that I'm describing, it makes a lot of sense for those investors to get out of the relatively weak economies that they are in, both in Asia and in Europe, to get into the relatively stronger economy, even though the yields are lower than they used to be comparatively, in terms of both the security of the principal and the longer-term possibility of depreciation. They are very attractive investments for foreign funds.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I think, frankly, we would probably focus more on investment properties with partners. But we would -- depending on the kind of an investment it was, we would be open to a partnership even on developments. But that's a much more difficult thing to explain and to assess and to evaluate. We -- that's what we've done for so many years, I mean, how many decades have we been in it. And that's something we're more comfortable with. They are, by and large, more comfortable in investment properties where there have -- there's a lot easier challenge to figuring out what they think the income would be in the shorter term, the medium term and longer term.
