Owen Thomas: Yes. So Nick, a couple of things I would say. First, let me start with 121 Broadway. It's a fantastic new building -- residential building that we're building in Cambridge but it was also launched as part of the requirements to achieve 1 million square feet of commercial entitlements in Cambridge. It was a requirement of that of receiving those entitlements. And those entitlements allowed us to commence the 290 Binney Street development, and we still have FAR available for 1 or 2 additional commercial buildings. But again, you have to think about that development. It's tied into the 290 development that we commenced last year.  In terms of new investment opportunities, as I described in my remarks, there's a tremendous amount of dislocation going on in the office sector. You've got lots of overleveraged assets and you have also a number of institutional owners that want to decrease their exposure to office. And this is going to create opportunities for us.  When we look back at prior down cycles in real estate and in office real estate, those were periods of time where BXP significantly enhanced its portfolio with acquisitions like 200 Clarendon Street GM building and others. So we want to participate. We think that's going to happen again in this cycle, and we want to participate in it.  And as we do that, we are paying very close attention to, obviously, accreting our earnings over time and also watching our leverage. And I think each transaction will have to stay on its own in terms of how we fund it. 
Owen Thomas: Yes. It's Owen, let me address the 121 Broadway development. As I described in my remarks, this is a notable building. It's the tallest building in Cambridge and it's also a very high-quality residential tower given the finishes and our design and planning. Due to coordination with the development of the vault for Eversource. The project is not expected to deliver its first units until late 2027 and expected to stabilize and not until the second quarter of 2029. So again, you have to think about this project as part of the overall East Cambridge development that we've been working on and talking to all of you about for the last 2 or 3 years. So the forecast returns on the 121 Broadway development alone are below our typical thresholds for development. However, if you look at the yields that we're receiving from the entire entitlement package. So that includes 121 Broadway. It includes 290 Binney Street, and it includes what we think we can get with the remaining commercial entitlements that we still have those projected returns do meet our development hurdles.  And then to the extent that we are looking at new stick build, our expectation that those returns are going to be meaningfully higher than in urban development. And so we're talking about yields and well in excess of 6%. And that's what we need to consider starting a new residential development in 2024, 2025. 
Owen Thomas: Yes. Let me -- that was a lot to unpack there, but let me take a stab at it. So first of all, Castle data is highly used in the media and I think in the financial community. And I think it's a very imperfect measure of office demand. It's a decent measure of perhaps footfall in an urban area over a period of time. So what do I mean by that? Many of the owners of premier workplaces don't use castle systems in their buildings. So we're not really exactly sure which buildings are being measured. It doesn't take into effect that the office market is less occupied today from a leasing standpoint, and it also looks at data over the course of the whole week, which is less relevant for office occupancy, what you really need to focus on its peak days.  So I know everybody uses it, but it's not really a reflection of our experience, which is the following. We have turnstyle data for roughly half of our 55 million square feet under management. And we have carefully picked out same-store data for buildings that are essentially the same level -- has the same level of leasing as they did in March of 2020 as they do today. And when you look at that data in New York, our buildings are basically at the same level of turn style swipes, Tuesday or Thursday, as they were in March of 2009. So New York is basically back. The other thing that's interesting is Friday was already slow before the pandemic and Monday is coming up. So there's -- I actually say New York is basically back to the way it was. Certainly, 3 days a week. Boston is at about 75% on that measure. And the only place where it's really lagging is in San Francisco, which is about 45% or 50% for those peak days. And peak days are important because if you're a user of space, you need to have space for your people when they're all coming in. So it's not across the whole week. It's what is it on the peak days. So again, we see improvement. As I tried to say over and over in my remarks, we think the issue -- the reason our leasing is slower today is actually not because of work from home. It's because of the earnings growth of the clients that we serve. We're a provider of services to businesses, not consumers. Those businesses are not growing their earnings, and if they're not growing their earnings, they're not hiring people and they're not taking space. I think as earnings start to grow again, which frankly, we're seeing right now in the first quarter, our leasing will pick up. And I think Doug did a very good job of articulating some of those green shoots that we're already seeing that we should experience later this year. 
Owen Thomas: Yes. Just to add to that, on your question on development yields. So let's divide this between office, life science versus residential. So on office, life science, our targets when rates were very low, we're in the 6% to 7% range. And I'd say those have gone up at least 200 basis points. And as Mike described, it's very difficult to get financing. And also, as I described in my remarks, the cost of development has gone up and part of those costs are the inflation that Doug described, but also a part of it is the yield requirements given higher rates. So that's contributing. And then on the residential, the way we've always thought about it was 100 basis points over exit cap with no -- with untrended rents. And so today, little hard to gauge, but there is some evidence of high-quality residential trading, say, in the mid-5s. So I think in terms of development yields, you're probably at least in the mid-6s on residential. And I -- and for us, to engage in that. We need a joint venture partner as we have at Skymark, which is our development that's going on right now in Reston. 
Owen Thomas: Short answer. I mean, you're touching on a very key issue as it relates to the health of the [indiscernible] the answer is we don't really know. But I agree with what you said, our instinct is, yes, there was some over commitment. There's some digestion. There's some shedding going on, several tech companies have taken charges sub lease space out in the market. That seems to have slowed down recently.  But our instincts and what we've seen in past cycles is at some point, those companies are healthy. They're in the center of all the innovation that's going on in the nation. They're going to -- they have a bright future. They're going to grow their earnings, and I think they will be back in the space market, but trying to figure out the exact timing of that is very challenging. 
Owen Thomas: Well, there's a lot there. You violated Helen's rule of one question. That's okay, Alex. We'll still answer them all. So anyway, I'll just start. Lexington Avenue is doing well. I mean where we are at 53rd Street, it's right where the subway station is and 601 and is fully leased or very close to it and 599 is well on its way. So and 399 -- I mean on Park Avenue, but it's back end is on the lag, right, at the same location and those buildings are performing extremely well. I think that location on Lexington Avenue is also unique because of the access to the subway. So on residential, so I don't think there's any -- I don't want to say any assets, but I don't think there's going to be a significant opportunity in our portfolio of existing assets to convert them to residential. I mean frankly, the only ones that are empty or ones that we've emptied out for life science conversion and some -- they all have some level of leasing. I'm not sure they have the physical characteristics for it.  That all being said, we do have land parcels that you see in our supplemental and in several cases, we are working with local communities to rezone that land from commercial to residential. And given some of the regulatory overlay that's going on in many of our communities and states that process is a little less challenging than it used to be. So I think that's where we will benefit. And then I do think there may be opportunities, and we're certainly looking at them for our residential team to get involved in office building conversions of buildings that we don't currently own. We've always felt that this is going to be an important in commercial real estate, it's certainly one that's going to unfold slowly, but you're seeing it unfold right now, and there's an increasing number of projects in many of our markets. 
Douglas Linde: Yes. Thanks, Steve. So of the activity that we have in our pipeline, and I'm going to give you 2 different sort of pipeline numbers. So the 875,000 square feet of stuff that we have going on, about 20,000 square feet of that is development and the rest of it, the other 865,000 square feet -- 855,000 square feet are all existing portfolio deals and the majority of it is on available existing space.  So the world, as I sort of think about it is we have the leases that we signed this quarter, then we have our pipeline of stuff in process. And then I have -- what I have is sort of my tracking list and my tracking list right now has another 1.7 million square feet of deals that we are -- that are active in our teams across the regions. And these are not a tenant is looking at the market and might call us. These are paper is moving back and forth. And there is a legitimate opportunity potentially for a deal to occur. Again, on all of that, it's almost exclusively on our in-service portfolio. So if you think about our development pipeline today, it really consists of 360 Park Avenue South and Hilary can comment on activity there and then the life science buildings that we have in Waltham, of which there's no active conversation going on that's part of my pipeline and then the building that we have in our joint venture in South San Francisco. And again, there's nothing really going on there as well.  And so the vast majority of the activity that we have is about increasing -- first, maintaining and then increasing, albeit slowly the occupancy in the existing in-service BXP core portfolio. And Hilary, if you want to comment on 360 Park Avenue self. 
Douglas Linde: Yes. So I'm going to give you what I would refer to as a simplistic view of it, and I'll let Rod Diehl give you a more comprehensive view. So the simplistic view of it is on the East Coast, where there really isn't much in the way of incremental AI demand, net-net, most technology companies are when they're renewing a lease, taking less space. On the West Coast, predominantly in the greater San Francisco marketplace and then skewing down into the CBD of San Francisco, there is more incremental absorption overall in technology. It's all coming from AI. And I would say it's taking the place of what were traditional technology companies. But Rod, you can go sort of plus that on a little bit more. 
Douglas Linde: So this is -- let me start. This is Doug, and I'll let [indiscernible] make a comment as well. We are committed to the geographic locations that we currently have occupancy and vacancy. The truth of the matter is that the majority of our availability is in suburban, part of it was self-inflicted. So part of it was during 2020 to 2022 when we were looking at the highest and best use for some of our Waltham suburban assets in our Lexington suburban assets.  We deem that the value of those assets over the long term is life science facilities would be better than as "traditional office facilities. And so we effectively cleared out some buildings. So 1050 Winter Street is an example and Reservoir Place and the other big colony buildings which are where the predominant amount of our availability is we're effectively cleared out for those purposes.  And unfortunately, the market has not been helpful to us. And so we're managing that availability. But quite frankly, we've had the opportunity to lease some of that space to office companies and we've made the decision, at least in one case that we think we're better off holding off that building and doing it in a life science building when the appropriate economic model makes sense, aka we have a tenant that wants to pay the right rent for that building.  Then our other large availability is in Princeton, and our Princeton portfolio is premier property defined by the other assets in the greater Princeton area. And we are -- we have probably on an activity level more activity in Princeton right now than we do anywhere else in our New York portfolio on a relative basis. I can't explain why the pickup has occurred during the first and the second quarters of 2024, but it has. It's predominantly associated with the pharmaceutical and life science industries, but not lab. It's companies that are in that business that are -- that have an SG&A function. And Hilary, you can comment on the Princeton market and I'll let Bryan comment on the Waltham market. 
Douglas Linde: So when you use the word lease rate, you're talking about occupancy rate, right, not economic rent rate, I'm assuming. So again, I think that it's going to be slow and steady. So our projections when we gave our guidance during the call in the first quarter was that we were going to hopefully be flat to where we ended 2023 at the end of 2024 and then we'll continue to make additional progress. And then if you look at our exploration schedules, they're pretty manageable, right? I mean we have 5% to 6% expiring every year for the next 4 or 5 or 6 years. And so we don't -- we need to lease space. We need to gain market share, which is, again, my sort of point. And we are gaining market share in our markets, but it's -- when we do have technology companies expiring, we have to fight that water coming at us. And so it's challenge to dramatically increase occupancy in the short term.  But we are getting to the point where we believe occupancy will continue to moderate upwards. 
Douglas Linde: Well, let's let Mike answer the commercial paper question, and then I want to answer the question on our return expectations for multifam. 
Douglas Linde: So the answer to your first question is it's pretty what I would refer to as granular. It includes occupancy pickups in buildings like the General Motors building, where we are in active conversations with tenants right now to take some space pretty quickly in 2024. It's in Princeton, where as Hilary described, we have a pipeline of activity, and we believe some of those transactions will happen in 2024. It's in the greater Metropolitan Washington, D.C. market, primarily in Western Virginia, where we have a significant pipeline of active smaller deals that are going to occur in 2024. It's the activity that I described in Waltham, almost all of that activity is expiring or vacant space, and the majority of that will land in 2024. And so it's kind of everywhere, and there's no really what I would offer you is big ticket that's going to dramatically change things one way or the other. And so we're -- again, that's why we're saying we think we're going to get back to where we were, which is effectively the 88% plus or minus percent occupancy by the end of 2024. And look, I hope that we see some positive surprises in addition to that where tenants move into space earlier. The lease -- we believe the leases will get signed. The question, and you've heard me say this before, is we just don't necessarily have a good handle on what the timing is going to be for when we can start recognizing revenue relative to whether the space has been demolished or we're doing a turnkey buildup where we're in control of it, and getting decisions made by our clients in terms of what they want in the space and having all that work to the point where they're actually physically able to occupy the space in 2024, which would mean that it would be able to be in part of our occupancy role numbers.  On life science, I think life science demand is relatively slow. I'll let Bryan describe the life science demand in the greater Boston market, and I'll let Rod take a poke at talking about what's going on in South San Francisco. 
Douglas Linde: And Rich, just from a sort of macro thesis perspective, I think what is a 100% clear is that new construction is not part of the vernacular in 2024, 2025, which means unlikely you're going to see buildings delivered that aren't already under construction and there is such stuff under construction, but you're not going to be seeing new buildings delivered in any of these metropolitan areas for the next 5-plus years, right? That's how long it takes to build the building. Look at the time frames associated with these press releases about a potential new building in Midtown Manhattan. And so if our thesis is -- continues to be accurate and Owen has described the difference between the premier and sort of the other portions of the office inventory, there is going to become less and less premier space and the premier space will continue to pick up its occupancy, it's the lease percentages and we will see the fruits of that in the properties that we have in all of our marketplaces. And again, I harp back to sort of this dislocation that's occurring. What we are seeing in Washington, D.C. relative to the number of buildings that people would deem to be "a to a minus" buildings that are incapable at this point of making a leasing transaction because there is no capital available because the buildings are underwater to find out there's too much debt and the equity holders are saying, we're not prepared to put capital in for the benefit of the lender.  It's changing the characteristics because of how these things occurring. And Jake, maybe you can spend a minute talking about sort of the dynamic of where tenants can look if they want to go into a building in a market, by the way, which has a very significant availability problems [indiscernible] 
Douglas Linde: Yes. And just to put a little bit of meat on the sort of carcass of that on the residential conversion side for us. So it's 17 Hartwell Avenue. In Lexington, we have a 30,000 square foot office building that we will demolish and that we are getting entitlements to build 350 plus or minus residential units.  In Shady Grove, which is a piece of land that we bought hopefully, to have thought about doing some life science. We said we're going to pivot, and we're going to do, hopefully, some life science at some point, but we're going to be residential. And so we're selling a piece of parcel to a townhome developer, and we're also working on the residential portion of that development. And then third, we bought some older relatively inexpensive office buildings with an existing parking structure in Herndon, Virginia, and we just received approval to convert that site to multifamily, both townhome and multifamily apartments, and we are likely to sell the townhomes and potentially either sell or develop the residential. So we are actively doing that. And then jumping to the other side of the country, our assets at North First, which we've owned for quite some time, which we had hoped to build up some kind of office on. We are now working with the city of San Jose on converting a portion of that site to a residential entitlement, and we would build some residential and potentially provide a parcel for affordable housing to somebody else who would build that. And then obviously, down in Santa Monica, there's a real question about what Santa Monica Business Park will become over the next, call it, decade or 2. But I -- it would not be unlikely to see not just office development there, but to also see other uses, including some kind of residential on that site. So this is sort of something that we are working actively on as we speak.  It's not about converting an office building in Times Square to residential or an office building in the CBD of Washington, D.C. to residential, or an office building in Back Bay or in the Financial District in Boston to residential. Our buildings do not line up with the kinds of assets that likely would be potentially convertible if the economics actually worked, which they don't right now over the next, call it, 4 or 5 years. 
Douglas Linde: Why don't I let -- I mean, I think, Rod, you mentioned 680 Folsom before, but you can reiterate that. And then Hilary, you can talk about 7 Times Square. 
Hilary Spann: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Steve, in terms of the leasing activity in Midtown South, I think we saw a slowdown in the first part of this year. I will say that we are starting to see more activity as 360 Park Avenue South has come online and clients can actually see the very high quality of the finishes and the lobbies and the common areas and the amenities that we've put in place. And so we are starting to see a pickup in our activity there. It remains the case that the businesses that are interested in locating at 360 Park Avenue self span across industry sectors. And so while Midtown South in general has historically been home to tech and media tenancies, we're seeing everything from corporate to financial services and as Doug mentioned, an asset management firm come into that building and show interest in occupying that building. I think, anecdotally, while the leasing activity is picking up a bit, it remains to be seen where that will settle out in terms of executed leases in the coming quarters, but we feel encouraged by the fact that the volume of interest in the building has stepped up meaningfully since we completed it and opened it. 
Hilary Spann: Sure. Thanks, Doug. As Doug said, we've seen an incredible pickup in leasing activity in the Princeton market in the first and second quarters while -- and that includes signed leases, but also leasing activity that continues now and we expect to be executed in the second and third quarters.  A lot of it, as referenced, is new activities. Some of it includes clients that exist in the portfolio of Carnegie Center today and who have expressed needs to expand both from consolidation of business units or expansion of lines of business and from an increased experience of return to office ,and so it's a pretty diverse set of reasons that people are expanding. But to Doug's point, the campus is pretty highly concentrated with pharmaceuticals and in particular, foreign pharmaceuticals, and that is where the bulk of the demand is coming from. And so we're incredibly encouraged by the amount of leasing activity, and we expect to see additional signed leases coming out of it in the coming quarters. 
Hilary Spann: On 7 Times Square, I think the team here in New York has done a fantastic job of converting some of the space that was sublet by the major law firm tenant in that building to direct tenancies, and in the first quarter, we signed a direct lease at 7 Times Square for 27,000 square feet. So we're continuing to chip away at the pending vacancy.  I will say that the Times Square submarket unique more or less among markets in Midtown is exhibiting reasonable sort of weakness. In terms of demand, and that just has to do a little bit with the streetscape and some of the other things that are going on there, which we are working very hard with the city and other folks in the neighborhood to address. But I think we are encouraged by our ability to convert sublease tenants to direct tenants.  We are pursuing every tenant that's in that submarket that makes sense for the building. And we're just going to continue to chip away at it. But at the moment, I wouldn't describe it as a submarket that's got lots of large tenant demand sort of breaking down the door. It's just chipping away at it lease by lease. 
Rodney Diehl: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So yes, last year, of course, was a big year for AI in San Francisco. There was 2 very large leases that were completed. I believe that made up about 27% of the overall leasing activity for the year, which was pretty substantial. So coming into '24, there's still been activity on the AI front. There's one of those larger tenants that did the deal last year is also in the market again for more space. So we're watching that closely to see where that goes. So I think it's definitely a bright spot. And these different companies often to find themselves as AI, but it's broad across the spectrum of that technology. As you see that down in the Silicon Valley, in fact, there are some AI companies, many of them which are tied into the automotive industry. We have a couple of them in our own portfolio, and some of those are in the market as well. So definitely a consistent point of additional optimism and demand for the Bay Area. 
Rodney Diehl: Yes. Just in South San Francisco, our one project is the 651 Gateway building, and that is the -- it's basically a converted office building 16 stories. And that building is completed, and we've done 3 deals in there, 3, 4 floor deals, and those tenants are in various stages of moving in. But in terms of new activity, it's been very slow. The few deals that are in the market tend to be smaller, call them, 10,000 to 20,000 feet, not the 200,000 foot deals that were in the market several years back. So that section has been quiet. But our building is actually very well positioned to attract that demand that is in the market. We have a space that is going to be built on a spec basis. We're going to do a full floor, which is going to be ready to accept that tenant when they're out there. So -- but the larger tenants are not there. 
Rodney Diehl: Yes. So that's right. The space that you're referring to is in the low rise of that building and it's the former Zillow/Trulia space. We've had some activity on it. We've had better activity on a couple of floors up top. In fact, we just completed the full floor of spec suites up on the 11th floor, which is getting excellent response from the market. So we expect to get that leased up quickly. The balance of the SOMA portfolio, I mean we -- earlier on the call, the 680 Folsom availability was mentioned. That's the 200,000 square feet. We just got that space back technically today is the first day we have it as a vacant space. However, we've been marketing it for some time, and we had activity on that. We've been trading paper with various groups. There's another tenant that we're chasing right now. So we're getting good looks for getting our shots at seeing these deals. I would say that we've had more activity on Northern market. So I'd say our Embarcadero Center property, frankly, is getting a little bit more attention in some of the Southern market stuff is. Just I think that's just the nature of where the demand is coming from more the traditional companies tended to be attracted to Embarcadero Center, where tech is still focused more South market.  There is some space that is on the sublease market at Salesforce Tower that Salesforce has and they've been marketing it and it's getting good looks as well. So I mean, there are groups out there. So I'm very confident that we're going to use the space lease up. 
Rodney Diehl: Yes. Just real quick on 680. Yes, we have 200,000 feet on the low-rise portion of that building and it's excellent space. It's some of the best space in the market. It's a nice floor plate size, it's 34,000 feet and it's got high ceilings and it's excellent space. So we've been marketing it, and we've had proposals that we've been pursuing. And -- so we're going to continue to do that on that space, but it's very high-quality space in our portfolio. 
Bryan Koop: This is Bryan Koop for Waltham. I'll continue to echo what Doug talked about, and we intentionally call it an Urban Edge market because it is less than 10 miles from downtown Boston, and that's an attribute that shouldn't be taken lightly in terms of the commute and also the density of the population surrounding that Waltham market. Some further color on what Doug brought up. We are seeing a difference between our -- the east side of I-95, which is all the attributes of urban project and maybe for the analysts who are very familiar with this, attributes that we have in Reston, taller buildings, more amenities, et cetera. And we continue to see access and the highway is going to improve there. We put a new ramp in last year, and there is a forecast for more there. Where we are seeing some weaknesses in those assets that Doug mentioned like the Bay Colony, which have attributes that are very similar to the conventional suburban office buildings spread out feels more rural, but actually the location is very close. That's where there is a little bit of weakness. But we continue to believe that Waltham is an urban edge market and quite different than the conventional suburbs that most real estate people would describe. 
Bryan Koop: So in the Waltham market, which is the only spot we have vacancy, we don't have any in Cambridge. I'd say it's the same as it was in the previous quarter, but maybe a little bit more encouraging. Where we are encouraged is, as you noted, was yes, there is more funding coming back into the life science sector. But also when we talk to clients, we are encouraged by the fact that they are, call it, producing the things that they said they were going to do to their investors, and there is encouragement in terms of the possibility of products down the pipeline.  So that's where we're getting most of our encouragement is that the clients we have are very excited about what they have going on. 
Bryan Koop: Mike, the additional information market that we've wondered also is that as that just goes down their criteria for making a loan, of course, goes up. And the underwriting of the actual development firms that have a particular property has been incredibly closer and also the criteria for pre-leasing plus credit and the capital stack of equity. And it's just not there right now. And they're passing on everything that is in any way weak on the development front. 
Bryan Koop: Really no further clarification, Doug, other than we have made it quite clear to political leadership our position. 
Michael LaBelle: So we decided to enter in this commercial paper program because we're always looking for additional markets to access especially in this environment. And it's the cheapest form of floating rate paper that we can issue. Historically, we've been primarily fixed rate. We're going to continue to be primarily fixed rate, but I think we will have a moderate amount of floating rate debt on a consistent basis over the foreseeable future. Right now, we have about $1.2 billion of unsecured floating rate debt, and we have about $700 million of joint venture unsecured debt.  I think it will go down from there going forward. But we view using this commercial paper program as a consistent piece of our debt structure over the next several years. And because we can save 75 basis points by using it, it's a very liquid marketplace, we've got high credit ratings. So our access has been good, and now we've experienced it for the first couple of weeks, which has been very, very positive. So we're building an investor base in it.  So we just felt like additional arrow in our quiver from a capital perspective and lower cost of capital, both drove that decision. 
Michael LaBelle: So on the interest rate expectations, we have included an additional a rate cut in our expectations late in the year. And I think if that rate cut does not occur, it won't have a meaningful impact on what our guidance range is because of when it is within the year. So we'll just have to see what happens with the inflation numbers in the Fed as we kind of think about where rates might be going both later this year and next year. But I don't think if there's no cuts this year, it's going to have a significant impact to our guidance. The other question was on leasing? I didn't -- can you restate the question? So the occupancy for Q1 was down a little bit in for Q2 it's going to be down a little bit again because of the 2 expirations that Doug talked about, which is the expiration of 680 Folsom in Times Square Tower. And then we don't have significant expirations of individual size in the back half of the year. And that's when many of the signed leases that we already have done, which Doug talked about, which is, I guess, 815,000 square feet for the company, of which over 650,000 square feet is in 2024, plus the LOIs that we have will start to take hold. And so that gives us confidence that the occupancy will stabilize after the second quarter and hopefully start to move northward after that. That's our expectation. 
Michael LaBelle: So Omotayo, there's really 3, I think, impacts that are going to help us in the third and fourth quarter. The first is we expect NOI from the portfolio to be up, and we expect that to occur because the occupancy improvement that we have talked about. So I would expect that both third and fourth quarter will show higher portfolio NOI than what we have in the first and second quarter. The other is G&A. So G&A is seasonally high in the first and second quarter because of just the timing of the vesting schedules as well as taxes that are paid on payroll. So that's a pretty meaningful move between quarters, it could be between $0.05 and $0.07 lower in the third quarter and the fourth quarter from where it is today. And then the last piece is we do expect to have interest income be lower than it is today as we fund our development pipeline. And that is offset a little bit by capitalized interest. But I see our interest expense as being slightly lower next quarter and then stable and our interest income will drop a little bit sequentially by quarter as we spend on our development pipeline. So those are really the 3 things that are driving the improvement in our FFO in the third and fourth quarter to achieve the midpoint of the guidance range. 
Michael LaBelle: So this is Mike. I'll respond to this and the rest of the team can add on. Lenders in general are not getting payoffs. So typically, they have volume requirements that are pretty significant because they're constantly getting paid off and they need to replace and hopefully grow that. In this environment, their borrowers are not necessarily paying them off. So they're not excited about increasing their exposure to commercial real estate and office properties right now. So I think as a whole, banks are not excited to provide lending, I think they would be more likely to lend on a stabilized piece of property at an appropriate debt yield than do a construction loan. I think there's very little in the way of construction financing available out there, particular anything speculative. But if you came to a banking, you had a fully leased property maybe you could get that done. But again, the pricing is going to be, I don't know, 300 to 400 over SOFR. So SOFR is at 5.3%. So you're talking about 8% to 9% money. So it's really, really hard to make sense of that when that is the case. So again, Doug talked about very little in the way of new construction going on. And I think the bank financing market is another limiting factor to that picture. 
Michael LaBelle: The other -- just one other trend in bank financing, it's important to note is there's an upturning going on and there's an analysis of profitability going on by these banks of their relationships. So if you have a broad relationship where you're providing other kind of fee services and other things with these banks, and they can see a profitable relationship today and growing going forward, they're going to be willing to provide capital where they're not seeing that, they are exiting relationships.  So that -- again, that benefits us because we have a very broad set of relationships that we have, and we do these bond deals where these things get fee income and things like this. And so we -- the relationship profitability we have is acceptable. So we are -- we continue to have banks wanting to add to our stable on our financing. And you've seen that. I mean, last year, we added 3 or 4 new banks to our facility. We continue to have banks that are interested in looking at what we're doing and are calling on us. 
