Owen D. Thomas: I -- honestly, I think that given the churn that we have within our portfolio on some of the larger transactions in Washington, D.C. and the transactions I described in New York City where, for the most part, the majority of the -- these large law firms are going to be giving back space, I would expect that our -- the ability of us to push occupancy in the short term, i.e. 2015, 2016, is going to be challenged. And I think we're probably going to be pretty close to where we are today, which is, what, 93% to 95%.
Owen D. Thomas: Yes, 93% to 95%. I think that's where you're going to see sort of us cap out at. We're not -- you're not going to see 96% or 97%.
Owen D. Thomas: I will just make the following comment, which is, we have an active group of tenants that are in the market looking for space. As I said, we have one of few blocks of available space that has a -- now has a certain delivery date. We are adjusting and thinking about our approach to the market vis-à-vis pricing and timing. And we are -- we have proposals outstanding, but there's no other transaction that we would consider imminent.
Owen D. Thomas: I think, and I'll let Bob describe sort of the leasing activity. And as Mike suggested, the majority of the demand right now, Michael, is from what I would refer to as non-high flyers. These are companies that have pretty solid revenue opportunities and actual business on their books. I mean, as an example, LinkedIn being the largest new user in San Francisco, that's a pretty -- what I would refer to as a utility right now for corporate America. And with some of the other larger requirements that are out there, these are not companies that are creating business models with lots of ideas and relatively little revenue. There's lots of revenue and lots of reinvestment. That's -- that is what is driving their need for space and their R&D. And, Bob, I don't know if you have any other thoughts.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, I think forecasting interest rates is a perilous duty, needless to say. But I do think that the common logic that interest rates are going to rise and the -- as they did last year in the short term, I do think that concern has abated somewhat. I would say, our overall view at Boston Properties is that we will, someday, face rising interest rates. It's just it seems like that's been put on hold, given what's occurred this quarter and given the sluggish economic growth that continues. I wouldn't say that it has shifted our approach. I mean, we -- our capital strategy, as I described, hasn't really shifted. I would say one thing that perhaps has shifted over the last quarter is I think in the private market, for assets in our core markets, has probably gotten more elevated over the last quarter. We're seeing the pricing for trades going up and certainly, the number of investors that are trafficking in the market, we think, is going up as well. So I don't think -- to answer your question in a sentence, I don't think we've changed our approach.
Owen D. Thomas: I think it's meaningful. The buyer interest in assets in our core markets is not exclusively offshore buyers, but I think the flows are certainly increasing from non-U.S. buyers, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, other pools of capital, Asia, Canada, Europe and Middle East. I think it's a major force in the marketplace.
Owen D. Thomas: I just want to say one thing, which is that, not all of these buyers are all-cash buyers. I think they are prepared to make all-cash bids, but many of them are low-leverage buyers. And whenever we have a conversation with one of the advisers, a.k.a. the Eastons [ph] or the CBREs or the HFS or the JLLs, you name your adviser, they are always quoting the leveraged return that they believe that these various capital pools are expecting to achieve with a low-leverage loan. So while there are certainly some that are prepared to do it on an all-cash basis, most of them, I think, are still looking at using and utilizing the opportunities on the -- in the debt side to enhance their returns. And I think those numbers, on a leverage basis, are somewhere in the low 7s to the low 8s, depending upon the asset mix itself.
Owen D. Thomas: No, my comment on the $250 million was on acquisitions. So what we've been saying -- what I've been saying over the last few quarters is the acquisition market's been very competitive and we're finding it more challenging, although we're trying. And my point was is that over the last quarter or year-to-date, we've made proposals on various acquisitions that -- on a gross basis of $250 million. And those situations, several of them are not resolved at this time.
Owen D. Thomas: These are the acquisitions of existing buildings. The development sites, dealt with separately with all the figures that I went through.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, we -- I would say, on a stand-alone basis, we haven't spent a lot of time on it. The -- clearly, we own some terrific street level retail as part of our portfolio. And we continue to look at new opportunities in New York, primarily on the development side; a little bit less on the acquisition side. And some of them have retail associated with them. But in terms of a standalone strategy to pursue Street level retail, we're not doing that right now in New York.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, let me start with Carnegie Center. I think we debated. We feel that we've had some terrific leasing activity at the property and it is approaching a more stabilized level. I think the occupancy right now at Carnegie Center is in the low 90s. But we still see some upside in the asset. We have development opportunities. We're doing a build to suit right now for NRG, as you know. So we thought, perhaps an ideal result would be to do a leveraged recap, possibly with a partner. We're very pleased with our management there and with the success that we've had with the property. And we found last year, in our Times Square Tower exercise, that we ended up doing that as a joint venture given where we found a lot of strength in the capital market for our assets. So on The Avenue, I think -- as I mentioned in my remarks, I think we don't know the answer to your question yet. Clearly, the execution that we're currently working on we think is attractive and it fits into the categories of the assets that we're selling. But the outcome of that sale is undetermined right now.
Owen D. Thomas: Mort? Is there any final marks -- remarks you'd like to make? Okay, I guess not. Anyway, thank you, everyone, for your time and attention.
Robert E. Pester: Yes, I would just add that the activity that we're seeing both at 535 and at Transbay is pretty much evenly split between tech and financial services and law firms. So we're not just dependent on tech to keep this market drive.
Robert E. Pester: Yes, I would say that from a standpoint of perception in the market, that the fact that we're going forward is a big plus. And it clearly has generated the interest from tenants that were not looking at the building previously.
Robert E. Pester: In San Francisco, I think, there's been a fundamental shift in the last 5 years as far as tech where they used to be in the valley and maybe had a satellite office in San Francisco, to now where you're seeing them do a wholesale move, and have a satellite office down in the valley with their headquarters in San Francisco. I think you also have to differentiate between what we refer to as mature tech tenants versus some of these start-ups. I would use the example of both Macys.com and Riverbed that wanted to be in a real office building, with real amenities, and has the power and HVAC capacity to have a density of 7 or 8 people per thousand square feet, which in fact, we have with both of those tenants in our building, versus the brick and timber building. And I think both Trulia and Salesforce validate that these Class A newer office buildings will attract tech as well as [indiscernible] type tenants.
Douglas T. Linde: And Jordan, I'd add the following, which is Boston Properties has not traditionally been what I would refer to as a spread investor. We've had a long-term perspective in all of the assets that we purchased. And so we really look at the overall economic characteristics of the rents in the building and how that building is being positioned and what basis we're buying or building that building into. And the fact that lots of folks are looking at the opportunities to invest capital in real estate today because they can finance very cheaply is driving -- that plus the lack of yield anywhere in the world economy, is driving dollars being allocated to our kind of real estate and the kind of things that we would want to buy. So I would say that, sort of to be consistent with Owen, it's becoming more competitive and more difficult for us to underwrite acquisitions today. And so the sort of, I guess, the tit-for-tat on that is that we're probably a little bit more inclined to be sellers than we are buyers, largely due to where interest rates are. And we've seen, as Owen said, the bid for high-quality real estate and particularly, large bulky assets, continue and get stronger, not weaker.
Douglas T. Linde: So I guess, I'll answer it in 2 different ways. Any law firm that's installation is more than 7 or 8 years old probably has had a different view on how that space should be laid out, as well as how they're organizing their workforces. And so as those leases are expiring, they are looking to become more efficient and change the utilization. And that's creating some incremental additional capacity or organic supply to come onto the marketplace. I also think that there are certain areas of the legal industry that are seeing less in the way of growth opportunities, a.k.a. bankruptcy, right? So there are fewer transactions, and that's leading to some shrinkage in some law firms, just to what their overall business is. So both of those things are going on. I think that we are probably in the fifth or sixth inning of the densification portion of this. And some law firms, in fact, are actually growing on a marginal basis because they are getting bigger from a number of partner perspective, because they're taking partners from other firms or there's still consolidation going on. But net-net, there are more firms that are getting smaller than are sort of maintaining their same size.
Douglas T. Linde: I think in the next 6 to 12 months, there's probably somewhere in the range of $500 million of new starts.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll answer the question in the following way. Our current pipeline in our current business plan in terms of the asset activities that we have on the table don't contemplate the need for raising any additional equity. That does not mean that something different might not occur over the next 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, that would be a transaction that would be transformative in some way, shape or form that would not necessarily require that we do have some sort of an equity component to it. So the current business on the books does not necessitate any additional common equity.
Douglas T. Linde: I guess the only other thing I would say is because there's some deals that we're looking at right now. There are some potential sellers that would do things on a "OP [ph] basis" that might suggest that we have a de minimis amount of equity that's associated with any one transaction, but that's really part of the structuring mechanism that we would use to be successful at the acquisition.
Douglas T. Linde: Look, we are open-minded about acquisitions that our core market's in, and obviously, other places that would have this -- a similar profile from our -- from an operating platform perspective. I think there are relatively few large portfolios like that. I mean, there's a lot of talk right now about the portfolio in Boston that is being considered to be sold, which is at somewhere, I guess, in the neighborhood of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion portfolio. And it's not something that we spend much time on because we like our position in Boston, we like our pricing in Boston, and it's not a portfolio that we necessarily think will be additive to our business plan. So it would have to be something that would be very unique.
Douglas T. Linde: So as I recall, and I don't have all the figures right in front of me. But that in 2014 and 2015, the majority of our roll is below market across the portfolio. As we get into these transactions that we are sort of going into, that could be, what I would refer to as early renewal and potential take backs, some of those transactions are closer to market. And in certain cases, in New York City in particular, they're slightly above market. So I think that the 2017-ish area is a little bit more muted. And although we have a lot of San Francisco exposure in '16 and '17, and all of that exposure is somewhere between, as I said before, 15% and 25% below market, so it really enhances that. And we just went through our Cambridge portfolio. I mean, the markup was 50%. We did not anticipate a 50% markup on a net basis. I mean, we were sort of anticipating a markup that was 20% to 25%. The market's just exploded. And so if we have continued -- continue to see those types of changes, I think we'll be in a terrific position.
Douglas T. Linde: And so as those buildings rollover and the GSA consolidates and densifies, some of those buildings probably have a repositioning opportunity and may need it in terms of being "acceptable to the market," because they -- nothing's been done to those buildings for quite some time. But interestingly, John, we've actually quietly gotten rid of a lot of our other similar buildings to the stuff at -- it's Patriots Park, not Patriots Ridge, and Zanker Road over the last few years in the Boston portfolio, as well as in Maryland. And so there are -- those opportunities are few and far between. And then the dividend question is -- I want to -- unfortunately, I'm going to have to take a pass on, because the actual size of the sale, the various tax bases of the assets, are so different for the various things that we're looking that it's too hard to give an honest answer to whether or not we would have a special dividend or we would have an increase in our current dividend. I mean, I am assuming that most of the assets that we are considering selling have a relatively low basis. So the pattern that we went through in 2013, which was at the end of the year, to see if there were opportunities to deploy that capital into new acquisitions and new developments, would be the first alternative. And to the extent that we can't do that, we would have a dividend opportunity that we would announce towards the end of the calendar year.
Douglas T. Linde: So we think that low-50s on a triple-net basis was a good market deal. The -- interestingly, the way the discussions went, the tenant grew over time, and as the tenant grew, they got higher in the building and we felt that as you moved up the building, it was worth more or had a higher price associated with it. I honestly don't believe that we would have achieved a, necessarily, a premium if we sort of did it on a floor-by-floor basis. But one thing that we did do as part of the transaction, and you can think about how you might value this in lots of different ways and I'm not try and put a number on it, is that we did offer Salesforce the ability to name the building the Salesforce Tower. And that we viewed as a very important element for them, and one that we think was baked into the overall economics of the transaction. So I would say that there may not have been a discount per se associated with the rents that we were achieving on the lower 714,000 square feet of space, but that other attribute of the transaction was important to them. And it was something we were prepared to sort of throw into the pot.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. I'm trying to think about the best way to answer that question for you, Jamie. So why don’t I do the following. Why don't I ask John Powers to talk about what's going on in New York City, and then Brian, you can give a quick summary of what you see in, particularly on the biotech and life sciences side in Cambridge. And then Bob, you can talk about San Francisco.
Douglas T. Linde: So just to sort of conclude the comments, Jamie, I would say that if you were to sort of have to put it all together in terms of the way they're using their space and the way that the space is being built out or what's attractive to them. I think the individual buildings share a few common components which are: they are adaptable to open space usage with a limited number of impediments, i.e. columns; they have really great light and air. So they either have high-volume ceilings or they have high, large window exposures that will bring light into the space, because if you don't have -- if you have lots of people in there and you've got a very deep floor, you want to make sure you have lots of light and air. And then they're, for the most part, being amenitized with lots of food and eateries and other sort of smaller conveniences for those tenants on any individual floor. But that in itself is not necessarily the most critical component. In some of these markets, there's a question of where it's physically located, where the cool sort of happening place might be, which is why we see what's going on in Midtown South occurring. And a lot of those buildings are not buildings that are ideally suited to high-density, great space. I mean, these are all -- I mean these buildings are older, pre-war buildings that are -- they happen to be near Gramercy Park and near Union Square, and they happen to be on the L-line where all the people are living. And so it's a clear indication of the physical location is equally as important as the overall space. And honestly, I think that if you say which one was the priority, it's where it is and then what it is.
Douglas T. Linde: I think it's a question of the maturity of the company and how they got to where they are. So Google in Cambridge, as an example, they acquired ITA. And ITA was a critical component to their travel business, and so it's also been a magnet for other types of acquisitions in the Boston area, similarly, to what Google did in New York City. I mean, it's both an engineering hub, as well as a sales hub. And I think a lot of these younger companies, over time, will potentially run out of resources, i.e. the critical component which is the human horsepower to run these businesses, and they're going to look for places in the world where other people of a similar -- with similar characteristics are currently working, and those happen to be places like Cambridge and like Boston and New York City and San Francisco. I mean, I've said this before; one of the things we watch on a quarterly basis is where the new capital is being invested on the VC side. And if you look over a long period of time, the 2 powerhouses have been the Silicon Valley and San Francisco, way above everyone else; and Boston Cambridge second. And over the past 5 to 6 years, New York City has become the third critical hub of that venture capital investing, particularly in the technology and the biotech life sciences world. And those 3 areas are where there is clearly a knowledge base of workers that are the horsepower behind these businesses' growth.
Douglas T. Linde: So I think that we've been pretty consistent that the return on cost on a traditional basis at 250 West 55th Street has been suboptimal, in our opinion, based upon when we conceived the project, because of the start and stop on it. But net-net, it's going to be somewhere just north of 6% on a NOI basis, sort of a non-GAAP perspective. And I think that our current lease-up is consistent with that type of a range. The Salesforce Tower building, I think, we have become more bullish on our expectations for what our overall return will be because we've been able to achieve a more significant premium to the rents that we entered when we originally conceived the project. I think when we started out a year ago, people said, "Dude, where do you think you're going to be on this asset?" And we said, "I think it's going to be $800 a square foot. It's going to be somewhere between 6% and 7%." And today, what we're saying is it's going to be $800 a square foot and then we think it's going to be in excess of 7%.
Douglas T. Linde: Yes, Owen said 2 things. He said that we're doing a -- we're recapitalizing Princeton, which is really a question of, right now, the property is 100% owned by Boston Properties and there's no debt on it. And so we're saying to the market, "Is anybody interested in being our partner? And if you're interested in being our partner, would we be interested in putting some debt on it if that was the right execution?" So that's the process we're going through. And then in Mountain View, Owen said that we have an unsolicited offer on a portion of our single-story assets, and we're exploring that alternative.
Douglas T. Linde: So let me -- I'm going to give you an uninspired and probably non -- not very committal answer, which is we don't really talk about how we structure any individual lease. We have an interesting relationship with Apple right now where there's a percentage-rent and there's a fixed-rent component. And there will continue to be a fixed-rent component, as well as a percentage-rent component. And it's just -- it's not appropriate to sort of talk about how that's going to work.
Douglas T. Linde: So the only thing I would add, Ross, is that we have 2 large retail opportunities in front of us -- actually, 3. We clearly, if and when FAO Schwartz decides to leave the General Motors Building, there's going to be a major -- a block of space that can be accessed from Fifth Avenue, it can be accessed from 50th Street -- 59th Street, it can be accessed from Madison Avenue. And how we utilize that space, which is currently on 3 stories, will be an interesting opportunity for us to redevelop. The second and third are over on Lexington Avenue. We obviously have the space on the ground floor of 399. John Powers suggested that Citibank would like to keep the branch. How much of that branch they're going to keep and then how you get into that branch and how you might access other space on either Lexington Avenue or on either of the streets is going to be a question. And then the third opportunity is, once upon a time, the retail at 601 Lexington Avenue was sort of the new cool thing in New York City. I mean, I remember going to Conran's way back when in the early '80s. And quite frankly, we think that there's an opportunity to really revitalize the retail at the atrium at Citigroup Center. And so those are sort of the 3 major opportunities that we're going to be looking at, investing capital and opportunity, to really enhance the overall cash flow from -- over the next couple of years.
Douglas T. Linde: I would -- I think that we would all be enthusiastic if the brainpower that is concentrated in northern Virginia and the technology-oriented organizations that are in the defense home and security, cyber security, whatever you want to call it, would consider locating portions of their workforce in the district. I think the district would think that will be a wonderful thing, too. I think the interesting thing about D.C. is the commuting patterns and where people are living, and there's got to be a little bit of a change in the concentration of talent into areas that are not "traditional." I don't really want to comment on what Vornado is doing in Crystal City because I -- it's just not where we have any investment. But we clearly would be exceedingly enthusiastic, and Ray has been working with the administration about ways to incentivize some of these companies to be more open to looking in the city through economic incentives that would encourage them to put roots down in the city.
Douglas T. Linde: It's an idea that was in vogue in 2000 and 1999, and we decided that seeking warrants was not a core competency of ours. So I think that it would -- we would struggle to put together a portfolio of -- in the D.C. investments in order to entice tenants to come into a particular part of our D.C. market. I guess anything is possible, but I would not anticipate that it would be a core strategy that we would follow.
Douglas T. Linde: So I announced -- named the number that are currently in the market today. But between 2017 and -- or 2016 and 2018, I think there is about 6.5 million square feet of lease expirations in high-quality financial district buildings. The majority of them being law firms and traditional [indiscernible] type of organizations. And so, traditionally, those tenants, as their lease expires, look at the marketplace and look at ways to become more efficient, look at the way they're utilizing their space. And more times than not, they choose to sort of change their current location. And that's the sort of market that we, I think, are looking at for some of the smaller blocks of space in Transbay Tower meaning 150,000 square feet and down. Some of the larger requirements that are out there are really, we think, going to be more tech-oriented because those organizations are looking for larger blocks of space and they have growth that can't be met in existing assets.
Douglas T. Linde: So I think I said in my remarks, Tayo, that the suburban Waltham market is very strong right now. It's probably as close to where it was in sort of the early -- late 2000, 2001 time frame, than it's ever -- than it's been since then. I mean it's -- there is literally not a block of 150,000 square feet of quality space between -- in Lexington or Waltham right now, which means that build to suits are sort of part of the dialogue. And we've seen rents go, in the last 1.5 years, from mid 20s to the low 40s for the best space in the marketplace in those buildings like Bay Colony and Waltham Woods and CityPoint and Wellesley Office Park and Riverside, which are sort of the -- those are the higher quality buildings. And none of those buildings have a block of space that's in excess of probably 40,000 or 50,000 square feet. So that market has just been a consistent stronger market with better demand, and it's really been life sciences companies, some of them coming out of Cambridge and some of them being located in the Waltham-Lexington market and just expanding. Cubist Pharmaceuticals being the most significant of those. In Princeton, the -- I don't think Northern New Jersey, in total, has really had a strong recovery. But we have been the fortunate beneficiary, and we've worked hard at it, to attracting some pharmaceutical companies, particularly foreign pharmaceutical companies, that have gone through some explosive growth, and we did some things to entice them to come to Carnegie Center that have worked out. And so a company like Otsuka Pharmaceuticals, we started out and we gave them 23,000 square feet of, basically, free space for 6 months. And now, they've leased 140,000 square feet and they're talking about leasing another 80,000 square feet of space. So good things happen when you establish a relationship with a great customer and you treat them right. And so we have just been the beneficiary of some really strong organic growth within the Princeton portfolio. And as those companies do well, they become more attractive places for companies that are like them. And so we've seen a significant amount of other foreign pharmaceutical interest in the Princeton, and particularly in the Carnegie Center portfolio, and we don't think that, that is a sort of a quarterly phenomena. We think it's a consistent trend.
Douglas T. Linde: Yes. I think, I said -- maybe you missed it. So we had a lease that was signed in 2010 for 75,000 square feet at 111 Huntington Avenue. If you're curious, the rent went from $78 at the time, to $62.50, but there was a limited amount of tenant improvements and there was no free rent, so no down time. And so it was -- and net effect of it is actually a higher overall rent. But that lease actually landed this quarter so the new rent commenced. And if you pull that out, it goes from a negative 13% to a positive 4%.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. That's a loaded question. So let me try and answer it without putting my foot [ph] in my mouth. The portfolio that is being sold is a combination of some, what we refer to as the jewels of the portfolio, as well as some more commodity-like real estate. In total, the valuation that they believe they are going to achieve and they very well may achieve it, would, I think, look -- make our portfolio in Boston look like it was being priced -- it's currently being valued at $0.60 to $0.70 on the dollar relative to what those buildings are going to go for. If in fact the buildings do sell for what they are reported to be listed for, then I would hope that the expectations that those landlords have for where they think rents are, are going to go up. And so that will be an indication that there's going to be more incremental pricing pressure in the overall Boston CBD market, as well as Cambridge -- one of the buildings is in Cambridge, which would clearly push rents and, therefore, make development more attractive because you have higher rents and you know what your costs are. And if your return on cost gets to a certain point, you're going to start a development. So I think that's all sort of a positive opportunity for the development activity in our portfolio in Boston which, again, currently is 888 Boylston Street sooner rather than later, and then a 600,000 square foot building plus a low-rise building at North Station. And the other piece which we've alluded to, but really isn't on anyone's radar screen, is that we're working with the city to put some additional towers on top of the, what's referred to as the 100 Clarendon Street garage, which is the site that is adjacent to the John Hancock Tower. But that's off into the future, so you shouldn't be putting that on your paper from a modeling perspective. And then North Station's probably the one that's closest, after 888 Boylston Street, from a timing perspective.
Raymond A. Ritchey: I'll just add, Doug, this is Ray Ritchey, that we've also been very much a beneficiary of this movement. Arnold & Porter, Government [ph], 601, the activity at 250 West 55th, 500 North Capitol, 2200 Penn, obviously Embarcadero Center with some recent moves there. We've been very much the winner in that dynamic, as well as facing challenges in our existing portfolio. So it's also been a good thing for us.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Well, obviously as you know, this is the site directly across the street from 601 Mass where we're building Arnold & Porter, is now a block away from where it looks like Venable's going to move their headquarters. It's clearly -- it's 2 blocks away from Heinz's city center. And as Doug talked about, we have a full city block. We talked about a building that's 520,000 square feet; the density is actually closer to 560,000 or 570,000. And we're adapting the strategy there where less is more, and we're designing the building that, we think, is unique in the market, that not only could address the space needs of our traditional tenants, law firms, associations, but also can be exceedingly attractive to the tech tenants we've been addressing all morning. So we're very excited about it. We're excited about having a great partner like the Stuart [ph] family, full city block across the street from where we've already proven tremendous success in the development community and we're -- we couldn't be more excited about.
Raymond A. Ritchey: Well, the FBI site is a completely different discussion. It's progressing. They're trying to pick the new site for the new location and then have a competition for the J. Edgar Hoover building on the avenue. That is many years away. 501 K is a much more immediate type of development opportunity.
Raymond A. Ritchey: That's kind of the motivation behind our 501 K acquisition, the site, to have a platform where meaningful tech relocations could take place in a location that is consistent with where they try to put their workforce.
John Francis Powers: This is John Powers. Tech here has certainly grown in the last 4 or 5 years particularly. But defining tech in New York is, I think, a little different than in San Francisco because we have a lot of mature tech companies here, too. Overall, they are not a big player in the market, the whole tech sector, but the growth has been very outsized. And it's been primarily in the Midtown South area. So we have some conventional technology companies that utilize traditional space, but we also have the WeWorks and the other high-tech companies that are predominantly in the Midtown South.
John Francis Powers: Sure. Clearly, the Midtown South market has been the hottest market. And as Doug said, the product there is not exactly the, for the most part, the product that they want. So we have seen the few buildings in Brooklyn have a lot of activity and we think that will be leased up over the course of the year. Pricing in Downtown has also moved up significantly in the first quarter, and a lot of repricing in Downtown as tech companies -- or TAMI companies that are getting priced out of Midtown South as the tech companies take the space, are also moving to Downtown. And we've also seen some moves towards Midtown. So I think that the tech driver in the Midtown South is forcing a lot of decisions as the prices have gone up in that market.
John Francis Powers: No. Our expectation is that they will leave 399 Park. They did their deal Downtown on Greenwich Street. They are in a planning mode this year to sort out where all the people go when it's all done. They'll probably be in construction for 2 or 3 years there to move everyone. And our expectation is that they will leave 399, but not the branch.
John Francis Powers: Sure. Certainly, there's a move towards increased density, and that comes from a couple of reasons. Law libraries are much smaller or nonexistent now. The ratio of support people to attorneys has changed. So it's -- part of it's density, but part of it's just sizing the space to the new characteristics of the law firm. The 2 examples that we have, MoFo and Kaye Scholer, certainly, have increased their density significantly, but certainly not what we see in other places.
