Doug Linde: Sure. So again, as I described, the high-end premier space is really where the market has held up very, very well. And those tenants are, I would describe as, smaller to midsize professional services, asset management, legal, financial services companies, so hedge funds, money managers, private equity firms, law firms, consultants, et cetera. And none of those tenants are looking at a sublet of a floor at 50 Fremont, which is the building you're describing that Salesforce is -- actually put. It's actually not a sublet space because they own that building. That's actually direct space in the market.
Doug Linde: So let me talk about the in-service portfolio, and then I'll let Mike and Owen describe sort of the other components. So on the in-service portfolio, Alex, I think it would be fair to say that we have a constructive but a moderating view on the leasing that we will do between now and the beginning of 2023. And we're assuming the economy is going to continue to be less strong than it is today. That doesn't mean that we will see any meaningful change in our portfolio outcome. We have some leases that are rolling over that are higher, and we have some leases that are rolling over there are lower. And then we'll -- the real question will be, as we always talk about, whether there are incremental pieces of downtime on spaces that we have leased where we haven't started revenue. So net-net, we feel -- I would say that next year and this year relative to our same-store portfolio, are going to be pretty consistent. Mike, you may want to talk about expense development.
Doug Linde: Yes. So Steve, you ask an interesting question because if I actually parse down where our availability is, other than Northern Virginia, where we actually have operating assets with vacant floors that would likely be what I would refer to as sort of techy because it's either cybersecurity companies or web services companies or defense contracting companies which have a technology bend to them, the vast majority of our portfolio is really, in terms of our availability, is in our CBD assets, which are not primarily geared towards technology tenants aka Embarcadero Center is a very different asset than, as an example, Salesforce Tower or 680 Folsom Street. So we are not really, I would say, from a portfolio perspective, very focused on what's going on from a technology perspective relative to what we think we can achieve in 2023. But what I'm not saying is that we're not immune to the fact that the technology sector has been a meaningful contributor to the growth in office absorption in every one of our markets. And so it's hard to see the markets improving in any peculiar way without there being a meaningful change in technology companies' desire to take additional office space. So I think that we can surf above the fray relative to occupancy, but we're going to be impacted by the overall market dynamics that are going to be intrinsic to lack of additional absorption because those tenants are just simply not aggressively looking for space today.
Doug Linde: And Michael, I would just add a couple of things. So the first is that we continue to and have moved away from what I would refer to as greenfield ownership of assets, meaning we've looked at our Boston suburban portfolio and said, which of these buildings can we convert to life science because there's a lot more life science demand, we believe, going forward, than there will be office demand in suburban locations. You just saw us sell our VA 95 assets. And I would say that we will likely have a larger overall sales portfolio in 2022 and 2023 than we had in 2018, 2019 and 2020. And that will, to some degree, continue to sort of position the portfolio to be even more select about what it owns and where it owns it and what we believe the characteristics of those buildings are. So we may get slightly smaller relative to the kinds of assets that we own today versus what we will own as we move into the next number of years. And I would say that, that's a conversation that the Board has every single time we get together.
Doug Linde: Yes. So I just -- I want to sort of step back and just provide you with just a commentary that I've made a number of times over the years, which is the data that we provide in our supplemental are leases that are becoming revenue-contributing with the new lease this quarter. And many, if not all of those leases, were done historically at much longer time frames than what's going on today. So as an example, we did a lease in Washington, D.C. in 2019 with a tenant where the rent went down by 15%. It was a 5-year lease and there were no TIs. But it's the new rents commencing this quarter and so we're showing that rent downturn this quarter. When I provide you with the market commentary each quarter for the leases that were signed and executed this quarter, I'm giving you sort of the real mark-to-market that is occurring at the time. So it's impossible to look historically at the data that is in our supplemental and say, well, that's showing you what's going on in the market at that time. And those are historical numbers that are based upon what were our revenue contributions are. So again, so that's -- I gave you the reason for the stuff that's going on in Washington, D.C. And similarly, we did a large lease with a tenant at 601 Lexington Avenue in early 2020, where they took space from Citibank that Citibank was expiring out of and the rent was down. And so that was the logic on that transaction. And again, as I've said time and time again, our New York City portfolio is very sort of chunky on the ups and the downs. And this quarter, again, I sort of aggregated all together and said, of all the leasing that we did this quarter, we were basically flat. It was 0.3% positive. So -- and that's because there were some ups and there were some downs.
Doug Linde: And we're needed. And Blaine, I'd say the thematic comment that Owen made during his prepared remarks was, these are all buildings that are selling at what I would say are sort of consistent cap rates. And they're all well-leased with long lease terms. And the assets that we are marketing in the greater D.C. area are generally buildings with long lease terms with very little, if any, exposure to the market over the next 10-plus years. So I think they will -- we expect them to sort of have a similar expectation in terms of the execution because of the nature of the cash flows in those assets.
Doug Linde: I think that your first comment was the accurate one, which is we are, I would say, slightly less exuberant about leasing activity for the remainder of the year. And so if you look at the data that I provided, I basically said, look, we have 1.7-plus million square feet, actually slightly less than 1.7 million square feet of leases expiring. And I gave you visibility on almost that much leasing that's been done. The issue is some of it's in 2022 and some of it's in 2023. And then I said, by the way, that's what we have active. I will tell you that my active portfolio is not going to simply be all that we do between now and the end of the year or what we do at the beginning of 2023. There are things that will happen that I don't know about right now. We're a big company that does millions of square feet of leasing from every year. And there are transactions that will pop up that will also be part of the calculus here. Again, I don't know likely when those rents will commence from an occupancy perspective. So that's why I would say we're being -- I don't think we're being overly conservative. I think we're being realistic relative to sort of not having as much visibility on the rate of increase as we had as we were looking at the volumes when we talked to you 86 days ago, where there was a lot more going on in the markets in general and in our portfolio.
Doug Linde: So I guess I'll describe it in the following way. So first and foremost, we have a great portfolio of buildings that generally, as I said earlier and Owen sort of reiterated, get more than their fair share of market demand. However, as I also said, we are not immune to what's going on in the market. And so we have to be more competitive, in certain cases, because the market is desiring more in the way of concessions on particular transactions. And so where we have to do that, we're doing that. And we're -- our goal is to utilize our capital as best we can to get occupancy in our buildings with great tenants on a long-term basis, where we think we're going to be in a position where we're going to stabilize the amount of occupancy that we have, hopefully, at that sort of 93% to 94% level as opposed to the 89% to 90% level, which is where we are today. And that's fundamentally where I think we hope to get to with our portfolio. And we're going to do that through active management with our operating teams who are the best in the business in their respective markets and work really, really hard to understand what our customers' and clients' needs are and fulfil them in ways that get traction and allow us to create additional occupancy.
Doug Linde: And I’m a little unsure your question on life science. We have very little in the way of what you refer to as life science rollover in our portfolio because the vast majority of the life science stuff that we’ve done are leases that have either recently or are about to commence. We have 1 building that’s going to – has a lease expiration in November, which is a building that we acquired about a year ago on Second Avenue, and there’s a material mark-to-market on that when we’re able to re-lease that building. But we just don’t – we don’t have much in the way of exposure to expirations in the life science business.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Jamie, it's Owen. Look, I think our perimeter is established in the 6 markets where we operate. And as we look at opportunities, they're very much driven from the bottom up. So what deals are available, where do we think there's an attractive return versus risk trade-offs. And sometimes that's in acquisitions that we've been recently doing with partners, and sometimes that's in launching a new development. So I think as -- so you have seen us reallocate capital this year from the downtown of Washington, D.C. to Seattle. That certainly occurred in '22. In terms of the future, again, it's going to be more bottoms up based on the opportunities that we see. It's harder to predict. As Doug described in his remarks, we are seeing stronger leasing activity in Boston, in New York and in the suburban Reston, Virginia markets than we're seeing on the West Coast.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So Alex, kind of pulling all this together, what you're hearing from us is that we are in a less certain economic environment today than we certainly were last quarter. 2023 is a long time from now, and given the uncertainty, it's very hard to predict. So what we're trying to provide is what are all the trade-offs here, what could be up, what could be down. And we don't know the magnitudes of those yet. It's dependent on market forces. So Doug described the leasing. Clearly, the slowdown in economic activity is a headwind to leasing. Absolutely, we believe that our premium assets will get more than their fair share, so that trend continues. Capital costs will be higher. How much? I don't know. It depends on what your assumption is for interest rate. And clearly, the developments will add to our results.
Owen Thomas: Okay. So let me break that question down into some component parts. So let's start with the interest by institutional investors and commercial real estate, then we'll get into the JV in Reston Next. The answer to your question, there absolutely is interest by institutional investors in office and, in this case, by the way, residential real estate. I think the interest is probably higher for the residential, but we continue to look at new investments and developments with the partners that we have done deals with over the last 1.5 years. And we continue to look at new things. So there's clear interest in office real estate. Moving specifically to this joint venture, this is about capital allocation. The yields from the resident -- from a residential development are generally materially lower than an office development. And we are being discriminating with the use of our capital and trying to put it in the highest-yielding opportunities. So, in this case, we decided to bring in a partner for 80%. We own 20%. The office component of the development is higher yielding, so it brings the whole yield from the project to us up. And there is some compensation that we receive as the manager of this development, which augments our returns. So we're putting out less capital. We require less capital to make the investment. We're doing the development and the returns for the capital that we have invested are higher, and that's why we're doing it. And I think you should expect that BXP will continue to work with capital partners certainly on office acquisitions and possibly on developments sparingly.
Owen Thomas: Michael, it's Owen. So to answer your question, our focus on office will obviously continue to be very important going forward. But let me make a couple of related comments. First of all, we have increased our development of residential assets over the last few years, and I think that will continue. I talked about some of the yield challenges that we have experienced with that, but we also have capital partners that we can work with. So I would anticipate that our residential contributions will grow. We have, as you know, also emphasized more our abilities and assets that are geared towards the life science market. And that segment is about 6% of the company, and we've said we think we can double that over a 5-year period of time. And we continue to develop new assets and grow that segment of our business. So I think that will continue to grow as a percentage. And then I think the other thing that we keep talking about, I think, is critically important is that I think you have to bifurcate the office business between the premium assets and the balance of the market. And the premium assets are something like 15% to 20% of the total assets. If you look at our portfolio, a vast majority of the assets are in the premium segment of the market. And we continue to have dialogue with major corporations about moving into new office developments that we're doing. And these buildings are new. They have the strongest sustainability characteristics, and they're what the clients that we want to serve want. So I do think that the premium segment of the office business will continue to be rewarding to our shareholders over time.
Owen Thomas: Well, as I mentioned, there is definitely liquidity for office real estate. Financing buyers being able to arrange financing or buildings that have existing financing on them, I think, are critical for success. And we are at various points along in the execution of the sales of the assets that we are attempting in D.C. And we are encouraged by our progress. Clearly, we're not going to sell for any price. We don't need to sell these assets. We'd like to and reallocate the capital from D.C. to Seattle. But again, I do think there is good demand for higher-quality buildings and financing can be arranged.
Owen Thomas: Danny, it's Owen. We have needs for our capital. We have exciting investment opportunities in development and in some cases, acquisitions and feel that's a better allocation of our capital than repurchasing shares. And we care about the level of leverage of the company, particularly given the economic slowdown that we've described. So that's our priority.
Owen Thomas: Thank you for all of your time and attention this morning, and we hope to see all of you at our investor conference in September. Thank you very much.
Mike LaBelle: Yes. I mean, I think the 1 thing that you got to remember about development, Alex, is all of it is not going to be stabilized day 1, right? So 880 Winter Street is delivering this year, and it will be stabilized day 1 because it's 97% leased. And I think all the tenants are going to be in by the first quarter next year. But 2100 Penn is 61% leased currently. As Doug mentioned, we've got a number of leases in the works, which will take that into the mid-80s percent lease perspective. But most of those leases aren't going to start until mid to late '23. So that building is not going to be stabilized probably until '24, I would say. And I think -- and the other thing I think that's important is View Boston, we believe, is going to have a ramp-up period. So it's a little bit harder to estimate how long the ramp-up will be, and we're highly confident that it's going to have a very strong return when it stabilizes. But the operator that we have that we've been working through believes that there will be kind of a few year ramp-up period. So again, its stabilized return is going to be a year or 2 out.
Mike LaBelle: I think the other thing to point to, Nick, is we brought up the bottom of the occupancy by 50 basis points. And that's related to the activity that we're seeing and the leasing that we've seen this quarter. And so that gave us the confidence to increase that. And that's part of the reason we increased our guidance is that we knew that we had some uncovered rollover in the back half of the year. We knew that last quarter. We know it this quarter. But we covered more of it now because of the activity that we had this quarter. So the bottom end was brought up because we don't think we're going to lose as much of that occupancy. But there's still some expiries in suburban Boston. And there's a few floors at 599 Lex and there's a couple of floors at GM, so small amounts of space that are coming back to us that aren't yet covered and we all believe will be covered with leasing we'll do later this year. and that's kind of driving what we believe the short-term increase in vacancy we will see later this year.
Mike LaBelle: Tayo, this is Mike. So as I mentioned on the refinancings, we have $800 million of floating rate debt -- floating and fixed rate debt. Some of its floating today. About $300 million is floating and about $500 million is fixed, that is refinancing that we're going to fix. The $750 million term loan, we expect to repay and that will be repaid with proceeds from asset sales, and we have some pretty good visibility into that so we feel confident that we'll be repaying that. The development pipeline is -- basically, the funding is something like $150 million a quarter type of run rate over the next, say, 6 quarters. So at this point, we -- our plan is to fund that with our line of credit. It is possible that we could bake the election to do some sort of unsecured financing sometime in 2023 to fix some of that. And so that's possible. So we're looking at those strategies and thinking about those strategies, and we'll continue to. I think that the bond market today, we see credit spreads being wider than they have been historically and reflecting the uncertainty in the economy and the outlook in the economy. And I'm hopeful that those credit spreads will actually become more attractive next year as people have more visibility into what's going on with the economy as we kind of get through the increases in rates and we kind of see where the economy is going. So I think that it's possible that the pricing in those markets actually may be more attractive next year than it is today.
Mike LaBelle: I’ll cover the same-property growth comment. What I said was that in 2023, we anticipate that our same-property NOI will grow but likely not at the pace that we saw in 2022, which is 4% at the midpoint, with the reason being that our ancillary income has basically gotten almost to where it was so it’s going to grow but at a slower pace. And we’ve looked at the leasing markets that Doug described, and we’ve throttled back, I guess, a little bit the occupancy growth that we would have expected to have a couple of quarters ago. We still think our occupancy is going to grow from where it is today in 2023 but potentially not as fast as we had thought a couple of quarters ag’.
