Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. Let me just give you a sort of broader macro view of the markets that we are in and the economy in which we function. I think everybody understands that we have been in a very, very weak economic recovery, if it is a recovery. And that we are still in danger of having a continued decline in the economy, some version of a double dip or at the very least, probably an even more likely scenario is a very, very, very slow recovery. And obviously, this is x the overall economic environment in which we work. However, as you also probably have heard us say many, many times, we have adopted a basic strategy, which has really informed everything we have done for all the years that we have been in business, which is to try and concentrate on supply-constrained markets and to have the best buildings in those locations.  We are in a very few markets as you probably know. I mean, San Francisco, Washington, New York, Boston, Cambridge and Princeton. All of these markets, but particularly the 4 major urban markets and the surrounding areas, we believe, have been the markets that suited our -- basically our business strategy, which is to be in the upper end of the markets to have the best buildings in the supply-constrained markets. Not because everybody doesn't do well in good markets but because this kind of investment and development philosophy has proven to our satisfaction at least that we do much better in difficult markets.  And I think, frankly, the last 3 to 5 years, which we consider to be the beginnings of the downturn in the economy, and we've started to act upon that actually back in 2007 and 2008, we believe that we have been able to do very well relatively in these kinds of markets. Both in terms of the occupancy and the rents of the buildings we already own, but in terms of the buildings we were able to acquire and the buildings we have been able to develop though we are, I think, in very solid condition as a company in the high end of the real estate -- commercial real estate business.  And we believe that we are positioned as well to continue to take advantage of any opportunities which might come up, as we have demonstrated over the last several years in terms of the acquisitions of buildings like the General Motors Building, the John Hancock building in Boston, the developments we have been in Cambridge, Massachusetts and in the Washington area. Particularly, as an example, the buildings we've done in Reston, Virginia or in Washington itself. 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue being an outstanding example of a development that has gone extraordinary well, given the nature of the location and the nature of the markets we are in.  So we remain modestly optimistic as we go forward because we simply cannot predict the overall macroeconomic environment. And as much as that we are in an unprecedented kind of environment that I think nobody has been through before and therefore, it is not only unprecedented, it is also unpredictable. But we believe we are positioned to take advantage of that market or those markets that -- especially the ones that we are in. Be they -- whatever direction they may go into, either because it will help in our development side of our operations or it will make it further feasible for us to make additional acquisitions. We are in very strong financial shape and in a position to -- in either direction.  We will be opportunistic in terms any of the activities that we undertake because we are going to be very, very prudent until we get a better sense of where the macroeconomic future of the economy of the United States will take because it will clearly have an influence on the markets we are in. And we look forward to continuing what we believe had been a very solid performance in the context of what has been for many people a very difficult business environment.  With that, I will end my comments except to say that we do think that interest rates will remain very attractive for us over the next several years. And we will be frankly opportunistic in terms of any financing, which we might do either in corporate level or in the property level. And I think this will in effect help us because where there will be some decline in rents, and we expect that on occasion in certain of the markets but not in all. We will take advantage of much lower interest rates as we can refinance various assets that we have and which we have done in at least one particular location. But I'll leave that for my colleagues to discuss and describe.  With that, I will end my comments. And I look forward to your questions later on in this report.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: This is Mort. Let me add one other comment on that whole issue of acquisitions. I think you probably have understood that we basically are looking for buildings that have the quality to be long-term real value for us. And that means there are going to be occasions where we will -- we are willing accept the lower late in return in the shorter term because we see it as a great long-term hold. And that's going to continue to be a part of our acquisition strategy. So do not get the feeling that we are necessarily or totally precluded from the acquisition market because that is not the case. But it is the case that we are going to concentrate as we always have on buildings that we think have longer-term value. And these are the best buildings in the markets that we are in, and that's still what we're going to concentrate on and focus on.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I would agree with what Doug has just outlined. There will be certain facets of our assets that I think will show better-than-expected results. We're in the process of having conversations with a couple of tenants on these issues. And so I really can't comment on it, but I think if they come through I think they will be significant and relevant. But I wish I could be more specific, but it's not possible to do at the moment.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, if you want to deal with Manhattan as a whole, that is certainly a possibility for some kind of users. But as Doug pointed out, there is going to be some contraction in some dimensions of the financial world. Part because, for example, a lot of number of firms will probably be managing less money. And therefore, we'll probably seek to, if not contracted space, I'd say, won't be growing in the way they have. But there's a whole other dimension to the New York City economy, which is this whole world of the Internet and all the relevant companies. And New York is just busting all over in that capacity, and there's a lot of business that feeds off of that, that it stimulates. So I think, actually, New York's going to be a terrific market. It's hard really to say whether that will be just in that one year. But within the next couple of years, I think the New York market is going to continue to be a very, very, very strong market.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well we have, as Doug pointed out, we have signed one major agreement. We are very comfortable about the leasing progress going forward. And we think we'll have a substantial progress in the leasing of that building in the coming years. There -- this is one of the very few buildings coming into the market. And the time that it will be coming into the market, there are a large number of large tenants who are looking for space, and we think we're going to do very well in that environment.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I agree with that completely. I doubt that we'll be selling assets unless we get very -- I mean, we won't be selling assets no matter what. But even some of other assets, I doubt if we'll be sellers unless we get very attractive prices for them where really exceed where I think we might be able to sell them today. And that's always possible. But frankly, we're in the market for acquisitions. We're not in the market as sellers.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: The only thing is that between now and the end of next year, I would be very surprised if we haven't made at least one serious acquisition.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: John, as Mike LaBelle said, that would be the vast majority of it. I mean, those are 2 large tenants of the General Motors building, but they're well below market and that was assumed and included in our acquisition and our accounting.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I think it's $250 a foot. It's $130 million for the 523,000 square feet. And the third building isn't having the same type of renovation. So it's just a relet of an existing office building.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: My own view is that both markets are going to be very strong. New York is, I think, going to be very strong. And I think Washington is going to be very strong. I suspect that if you desegregate Boston from Cambridge, I think Cambridge is going to be extremely strong. I think Boston will be solid. I don't know if they will be quite as strong as Cambridge. But in terms of those overall markets, I think they're going to do very well. And what we're seeing in San Francisco now is a huge resurgence in that market. Nobody can predict exactly how long it's going to go, but it's certainly going to go well for the next 3 or 4 years. So in general, we're very comfortable with the markets we are in.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Auction market is not just government. We're always conservative about everything. Of course, I know I didn't have to say that, but basically the Washington market is very strong in part because there's going to continue to be a considerable, shall we say, out flow of money from the government into a lot of different uses and users. And there's a lot of private sector activity that feeds off of that. And you have a real -- and you know what our problem is in Washington? Our problem in Washington is getting enough sites to really take account of what we think is going to be happening there. That's really a major effort that we're working on as we speak. And that to us is the major challenge of you look and see what we did with 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue. We lease that building up in a moment and to add rents above our projections, both on the or all office, not only office space but on the retail space and on the residential space. And so that is an example. And we did that. If any of you have seen that building, we did that building at such a level of quality, that is widely recognized in the community that frankly is going to help us in terms of developing -- requiring other sites. That formula has worked out fabulously well and is exactly sweet spot of what we're about as a company.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: I must say I don't know that's a -- at this stage is a serious issue in terms of the tenants that we're talking about. The super committee is undoubtedly going to have some function in terms of cutting "government expenditures." Well, I had a meeting just yesterday with the whole group of people who are experts in the budget process and people who -- a number of them probably have been the head of the budget committee in one form or another. And nobody expects that, that's going to be great success in terms of where we go. And nobody really knows that there are all kinds of ways in which they think and most of the commentators think. Those budget cuts are going to be put off in real terms. And it's not going to have much an effect that as we see in terms of our office market.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: If I may just say one thing in that regard, okay? Then Doug, will you jump into it. We think all the assets that we buy are underpriced, and all the assets we don't buy are overpriced. Just as a way of looking at it.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: Well, a serious would be a building that would be between 0.5 million and 1 million square feet. I would say that would be my definition. I don't necessarily define it in terms of dollars because that will depend of course on what the market is. And as you probably have read, we have looked at several other markets, including we have looked seriously at London for example as a possibility of another market opening up to us. We're going to be very careful about how we move into markets that we're not in at this stage of the game. But we're very open to, shall we say, expanding at least to one other market. If we can find the right investment, we're not rushing in is all I can say. And we are definitely sort of open to other markets.
Mortimer B. Zuckerman: There are some things in the "pipeline". But let me just define what the pipeline is. Until you have a purchase and sale agreement, I mean, we don't consider it in the pipeline. We don't have any purchase and sale agreements outstanding as we speak.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll give you my perspective on that, Ross, which is that we have -- we've tried to be as transparent as we possibly can be with the Street for the last 12 years. And as part of that, the last couple of quarters, we've been describing the changes in our FASB 141, the impact of Patriot Place, as well as the expected roll down associated with the rents at EC 4. And there are 20-plus analysts who cover us and we hope that everybody is listening to what we're saying and they're putting those variables into their models. I don't know if they have or haven't.
Douglas T. Linde: It's funny because when we sit -- stare at each other and we sit around the room in our board meetings, we don't feel like we're being conservative. We feel like we're being -- I hate to use the word because Mort uses it all the time, realistic.
Douglas T. Linde: I don't like to copy. So the perspective that we have when we give our earnings guidance, as we said, this is really what we think we have on the table and based upon the fact and circumstances before us in terms of our portfolio. We've always said we're not going to include acquisition assumptions in our numbers, and there are many years when we do acquisitions. In calendar year 2011, we had some pretty meaningful hits that changed our numbers dramatically. The first was Patriot Place. I mean, we did not know what was going to happen with the termination associated with the NGAs moving down to Springfield. And it was a big, big deal. And then second, we started the construction -- the reconstruction of 250 West 55th Street. And the change in the capitalized interest made a very big impact. And finally, the refinancing at 601 Lexington Avenue and going from floating rate to -- from 6 to floating for a significant portion of the year all really impacted what our actual results were in 2011. They're all good things. And this is real cash, and we're happy to get it. But when we think about that in relation to how we think about our 2012 guidance, we don't try and predict those types of events.
Douglas T. Linde: Sure. So look, when we do an acquisition model on a new property, what we unfortunately are handicapped with is the fact that we lease space in these markets every single day. Okay? And so the best example is in Washington D.C., and I'll let Ray pine on this if he wants to. We are hammering it out with tenants to lease space in our existing buildings, as well as our new buildings for example at 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue. And we know what we're doing deals at. And when a brokerage assignment comes along and they send us a package on a particular building, and these are very much high-quality buildings, and there is either a vacant space or near-term rollover, we look at what we are currently doing in our portfolio. And we try and translate that into a set of assumptions. And 99 out of a 100x, we are -- we think we're being again realistic about how long it's going to take lease space and what the concessions are going to be and where rents are really going to be. And we find that the assumptions that are built into the models that many people are using to do that same analysis are, in some cases, 10% to 15% higher in terms of what their rental rate expectations are, 10% to 15% lower in terms of what their transaction costs are. And they never assume that it's going to take more that 12 to 18 months to lease that space. And I'll let Ray speak, but there is lot of available space for 20,000 to 25,000 square foot users in a market like Washington, D.C. and there are very few tenants who are 200,000 square feet who are looking to lease space when the space is currently vacant in a building or there's a rollover within 12 months. And so you are by definition sort of stuck in, in this thought spot market where there's a lot of availability. And we just underwrite to what we predict is realistically going to happen. And we tend to find ourselves at the short end of the stick when we've done that.
Douglas T. Linde: So at the Hancock Tower, we are probably a significant amount. I'm not going to -- I really don't want to give a percentage because we're leasing space right now, on higher than what our underwriting was. Particularly, with the higher portions of the building. And by higher portions, I'm defining that as floors 20 through 60. So the vast majority of the space. And we are probably right on line with what we were thinking about with regards to the lower rise portions of the building, which are floors that we're going to call 2 through 17. Out at Bay Colony, we are, I'd say, probably 10% light in terms of where we thought where the rents would be with regard to the space at the bottom of the building. In other words, the non-view space. And we're probably 15% above where we expect the space to be in the better portions of the building. So it's sort of, I'd say, we're right on target sort of on an average basis because about half of the space is the third and fourth floors, and half of the space is the first and second floors. The thing that's going to be the -- I think that's the most disappointing from our perspective is taking us a little bit longer to get to where we are on Bay Colony in terms of getting our redevelopment work going. We would have liked to be under construction in June of this year. And we literally just started -- completed our bidding of the first building redevelopment and are underway as we speak. And we're actually replacing the glass, which we didn't expect to do, but we found a very economical way to do it to bring floor-to-ceiling glass on 2 of the floors on one of the buildings. And so we think that when people finally see what's there, they're going to be wowed by what the environment is. We are trying to change the profile of that building to market to tenants who are 25,000, 35,000, 55,000, 100,000 200,000 square feet as opposed to 5s and 10s and 15s, which is what the building -- those buildings have become. And so those tenants tend to be a little bit further out of -- in front of what their space requirements are. Although in suburban Boston, it's sort of 9 to 12 months. It's not 18 months to 2 years. So we're hopeful that were going to get some leases done in 2012. We may not have rent commence until the end of the year or early 2013.
Douglas T. Linde: It's a GAAP gain, not a cash gain. It's actually slightly less than what we paid for the building, so there's no need to shelter it, unfortunately.
Douglas T. Linde: I'll let go first, and I'll let Mort give his perspective too. I don't think we are changing our view on where rents are. We don't see much in the way of growth. So if you said to me, "How do your rents compare as you look forward in 2012 to where they are in 2011?" Based upon what we were asking today, I think we would feel very comfortable that the rents that we're asking today are going to be very similar to the rents that we're asking 6 months from now and are taking rents that we would take today and are taking rents that we would take 12 months from now.
Douglas T. Linde: So when we change our dividend 2-plus years ago, we tried to size it appropriately for a steady-state period of time, recognizing that as things improved our taxable income would go up, and our dividend would ultimately need to be increased. We've begun the dialogue with the board regarding what our projections are for our taxable income in 2012 and beyond. And I think it's fair to say that as our taxable income goes up, our dividend will go up. And the timing of that is something that will continue on during our fourth quarter conversation and on and into 2012.
Douglas T. Linde: And just in the context of 250 West 55th, just so you appreciate what the advantages are of the building. And I'm not trying to toot our own horn. Aside from sort of the physical issues that the building brings to a new tenant in terms of efficiencies and the fact that it's sustainability and the floor-to-ceiling glass, all the sort of physical attributes. The fact that the building has no incumbrances on it, is a pretty big deal to tenants that are looking to sign 20-year leases and are looking to grow. And so one of the advantages that we have is that we can offer flexibility, both in terms of getting bigger and getting smaller for tenants as they think about their needs are with the commencement in 2014 or in 2015 and an expectation that they're going to be there until in 2024 to 2034. And so there are a lot of tenants that are -- that would prefer to be in a new building with a new installation, with that type of flexibility. This is not going to be a financial services building that has a 400,000 square foot or 500,000 square foot investment bank or universal bank in it. It's going to be leased to 200,000 to 300,000 square foot tenants at the base -- to the mill of the building. And as we get towards the top of the building, unless something surprises us, we're going to be single floors or 2 or 3 floor segments that are similar to what I was just describing. And when you compare that to new existing inventory -- existing inventory, and the existing inventory tends to have all sorts of encumbrances that we have to deal with in our own space that make it less attractive for tenants who are looking for maximum flexibility. And we hope that, that's going to be a real advantage as we think about who the tenants are and the discussions that we're having on a current basis for 250 West 55th.
Douglas T. Linde: So I'll just -- I'll try and restate what I said before. So at 250 West 55th Street, we're really not talking to those tenants. In other words, anybody who has a 2013 to 2015 lease and is 500,000 square foot financial institution is not the primary focus for 250 West 55th Street, given the way the building has been designed in the first place. I will say that we do have some financial institutions who have 2015, 2016 lease expirations, and we're certainly engaging with those tenants about conversations of renewals. So to the extent that, that is the anecdotal way of suggesting that those larger tenants are not necessarily thinking about moving, I think it's a fair comment. But with regards to 250 West 55th Street, it's really not the profile of the user that we've targeted and identified as the likely tenant who will find its home there.
Douglas T. Linde: Having spoken to a number of New York City re-leasing professionals over the past couple of weeks about sort of what level of activity feels like, I'm not aware of any major tenant, meaning more than 100,000 square feet, is looking to move at the moment. But at the moment is October, November of 2011. And as I think we all know, if there's one thing that's been certain, that the way the New York City leasing markets have changed, and the rate of change has been a surprise to everybody on both the down side in 2008, 2009 and then on the upside in 2009 to 2011. And I would not want to make any predictions about what these financial institutions are going to be doing.
Douglas T. Linde: I want to answer the question at the investor conference about sort of what our view on the residential strategies. I was inclusive of New York City in that. And that, look, we're realistic enough to appreciate that. The number of office buildings that may be getting built over the next 5 years, even in a city like New York maybe relatively a de minimis. If there's a site that our team thinks has strong residential potential, we certainly have the expertise in our New York City staff to design, permit and build a great residential power in the city. And it would be something that if we thought their use of capital was appropriate from a return perspective that we would consider doing. I don't think we are in a position to say well, we've identified 3 sites and we're starting something tomorrow. But it's certainly something that we think about.
Douglas T. Linde: And with regards to development starts, we are anticipating the building in Cambridge, which we've described for the 190,000 square feet building for Biogen, which is going to really commence later this year. I mean, we're having our groundbreaking this week, but it won't be really be full-pledged under development until 2012. And then in December I would hope that our folks in Washington are going tell me that we're having a groundbreaking for the residential building and what was referred to as Block 16 in Reston, and that will be underway as well. And depending upon leasing success, there will be a chance to build another building in suburban Washington, D.C. either at our Annapolis Junction project or something at Springfield, but that's really going to be leasing dependent. And at the moment, I don't expect that will happen in 2012.
Douglas T. Linde: I honestly -- it's hard to give you specific assets, okay? But there is a -- there's a group of assets, primarily suburban assets in Boston and Washington D.C. that are low-growth assets, that are non-strategic or vis-a-vis the tenants that we are aggressively courting and trying to work with in our marketplaces that are really, I think, the assets that if we thought the price was right, we would prune. Those are not probably assets that are at the forefront of investors' desire in terms of being aggressive about what their paying for assets today. So at the right time, if we had to use the capital and most of them have a significant gain embedded in them, I think we would try and sell some of those assets and redistribute the proceeds into something else. I don't think we are in a position where -- and Mort, please feel free to agree or disagree, that we're looking to sell any of our CBD trophy assets at this time.
Douglas T. Linde: So I would hope, and I'm crossing my fingers and knocking on wood that some of the sites that we have in the Bay Area, particularly on North First Street, will be in a position where we might consider building something in the next year or so or hopefully at least putting ourselves in a position where we would be marketing. Those buildings for tenant demand. I mean, there is some speculative development that is actually underway in the Bay Area. And as I described in terms of what we're seeing in Mountain View, I mean, there's been a 50% increase in rents on a net basis in that sort of cross spectrum. So if it continues to hold, we would hope that there would be demand for that type of assets. We are looking at some other assets in the Bay Area, predominantly in the Valley. Whether it's the right time to buy, is the question we'll have to face over the next couple of months.
Douglas T. Linde: The largest lease expiration we have in New York City in 2012 is 190,000 square feet, 170,000 square feet at the top of 399. And then I think in 125 West 55th Street. We have the space that is rolling over with a law firm that hasn't been an occupancy. And I was describing an increase in activity and a renewal and expansion, that's what's going on right now. So that's one basically covered. And then at 510 Avenue Madison Avenue, we will have -- at 540 Madison Avenue, we'll have SAC moving out when they move into 510 Madison Avenue into that expansion in the middle of 2012. That's really where the big thesis is. One floor I think is a nice floor of 767, where there's expiration that's 30,000 square feet.
Douglas T. Linde: The Far West side is sort of not part of the equation for any of the tenants we're talking to because quite frankly those are -- in order to build a building on the Far West side, you need to be a lot bigger than the types of tenants there. And we're talking at 250 West 55th Street. In other words, a 200,000 square foot tenant is not going to get $1.8 million square foot building at the west side of the rail yards or the Brooks Hill property or any of those size going. I don't believe they will start with that size of the tenant. So the tenants that we're talking to don't really work within that context. Some of the tenants that we are talking to are considering the space downtown. And ultimately, the question is whether or not the economics and the geographic differences between being in the Midtown or even if it's on Broadway or Seventh Avenue or Eighth Avenue in the 50s are more compelling or less compelling than what it's going to cost to both get to and live in space down in Wall Street. And the rents that we are talking about are not that much of a premium to the rents that have been done recently downtown. So we think that the likelihood of the tenant that we are talking to going downtown is a possibility, but it's not going to be a trend.
Douglas T. Linde: This is a traditional marketed -- widely marketed building where we had dozens of people sign confidentiality agreements. We had probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 20-plus people actually tour the building. We had 2 rounds of serious bidding before we narrowed it down to 2 or 3. And the profile of the bidders was traditional New York City families, pension fund managed money by advisers both on sort of the large institutional side, as well as a separate account. We had a couple of the "sovereign wealth entities" look at the building. And ultimately, I think that the building was considered to be a "core plus" because there's a reasonable amount of leasing to be done both at the base of the bidding and at the top the building over the next year or so. And a lot of the "core money" was looking for more stability and certainty of yield in the short term. And so this is a "core plus" deal.
Douglas T. Linde: I would just add to that, Mort, that we're still seeing deals being done at Annapolis Junction outside of 4 Mead. And Patriot's Park 3, which is really a state-of-the-art, only 6 years old building, that's the sister building to the 2. When we just renovate for DIA is getting tremendous interest at very high rental rates from those speaking next to the DIA and or wishing to take advantage of the infrastructure already in place. Now those are 2 specific circumstances, but the bottom market I would say that there is some holding back until it gets resolved, but defense spending does not seem to be, especially those in support of cyber security, those do not seem to be in any way affected by the budgets effects at this time.
Douglas T. Linde: Well, all I can tell you is what we are currently seeing, which is that based upon the numbers that the other people are underwriting, they are trying to achieve unlevered IRRs in the low 7% range. Okay? That's what the numbers I would tell you. Our view of where the pricing is based upon what our underwriting is, is that will be significantly less than that. And so that's why we just haven't been the winner at the end of the day. We are -- as Mort said, we are absolutely positively not concerned with the going-in return is or what the 3-year return is. But we really are interested by what the overall unlevered return is based upon a realistic expectation of market growth and a realistic expectation of capitalization rates. And you can agree or disagree with where interest rates are today in terms of how long it's going to be like this. But you have to, I think, at least recognize that there is a probability that in 10 years, interest rates may be significantly higher than where they are today. And so you have to really think long and hard about what proportion of the valuation of the building as residual. And how that residual is being calculated. Is it being calculated based upon an unrealistic view of where cap rates are in out years? Or is it being viewed based upon an unrealistic expectation of where you think there's going to be a significant amount of growth in underlying cash flows? And we've just been -- we've struggled and believe me, we try hard. We're really good at doing financial analysis and doing Arbitron's and dynatrons and all sorts of permutations. So it's not like we don't get it. We do get it, and we just struggle with the underlying assumptions to get us to the place -- to a point where we can buy this.
Douglas T. Linde: I honestly -- I think that there are 2 points to that question. The first is people may have different expectations of what they want to pay for a building, not necessarily because of what the return is, but because of what their alternatives are. And so it may very well be that the people who are buying these buildings or the institutions that are these buildings have a perspective that, "You know what, if I only get a 4% IRR, it's not the end of the world because I have a different perspective on the world." I do think that most of the assets that are being purchased are being purchased by buyers who are not using leverage to finance these assets in any meaningful way. So the sort of perspective that -- well, the reason these buildings are coming back to market is because there's a financial distress associated with the capital structure is unlikely to happen. Whether or not because of the overall return expectations and where they could put their money from an alternative perspective in 3 years has changed, that's a hard one to sort of handicap. But I don't think these buildings are going to be coming back simply because they have underperformed.
Douglas T. Linde: So the first than is a tenant that is a mobile phone application. And it's grown from 3,000 to 8,000 to 12,000 to 20,000 and it took 39,000 square feet. And probably it's going to be looking for more space. We are trying to appeal to tenants that look at space collaboratively that look at it from a brand perspective, that look to try to create areas where they can "create commonality and experience" and are using space in a manner that allows for really productive interaction amongst the users of those companies. And so we are trying to do wide-open space plans. We're trying to create common areas. We're trying to create open areas where we're doing amenities. We're doing outside spaces. We're changing glass lines. We're really trying to open these buildings up and make them really feel fresh and new even though they were built in the mid-'80s because it's a spectacular site. And it really offers all sorts of opportunities from a visual perspective. And it also offers growth because it's 1 million square feet campus. And there's actually an ability to potentially to build more buildings up there. We think it really sort of is in the sweet spot for the technology, life sciences, biotech tenants not from our R&D perspective, but from a G&A perspective and from a sales marketing perspective in that clinical current age of technology.
Douglas T. Linde: Okay. Thanks everybody. Some of us who will see you in beautiful Dallas in a couple of weeks. I won't be one of those people. I have a previous required engagement that I agreed to 2.5 years ago. So you will definitely see Mike, and you may see Ray and you'll see the other Mike. And we will talk to you again on our next call. Thanks.
Michael E. LaBelle: Josh, if you recall, in the fourth quarter of 2008, we did an impairment based on what was going on in the fourth quarter 2008 on some of the assets in New York City that we acquired that were in our joint venture portfolio based upon the GAAP requirements at that time.
Michael E. LaBelle: Sure, sure. If you look at CapEx this year, I think we're at $16 million right now. And we expect that we'll spend another $10 million or $15 million maybe to end the year somewhere between $25 million and $30 million. Next year, it will be slightly higher because we will have more CapEx at Bay Colony than we had this year. As Doug mentioned, we geared up kind of in the summer, early summer. And we're really starting to spend some money, and we're going to spend more next year. But I would suggest that the number is maybe $5 million higher, somewhere in the $30 million to $35 million range for pure CapEx. If you think about leasing cost and you think about where I mentioned our occupancy might go and look at our rollover, we have 2.8 million square feet of rollover, I think that we're going to lease somewhere between 3 million and 3.5 million square feet next year. On an average transaction cost of somewhere in the $30 range, that's probably $100 million to $110 million of leasing transaction cost. And then, we talked about the noncash rent and the wholly-owned portfolio and the JV portfolio, and we'll continue to have noncash interest expense as well. So if you kind of add up all those adjustments, there's somewhere around $200 million of adjustments that you would include. And if you think about it and you look at what where our FAD is for 2011 and if you think about those numbers I just gave you for 2012, it's basically flat from '11 to '12 even though the FFO is projected to be down. On an AFFO basis, you've got a little bit of decline in the same-store, but you got development coming online where some noncash rents are turning into cash rents with regard to the AFFO. In terms of the dividend coverage, if you look -- if you kind of think about free cash flow and you look at cap interest and you look at principal amortization, we're going to have -- we should have somewhere between $150 million and $200 million in excess of what our current dividend is.
Michael E. LaBelle: I'll try to answer in this way. We talked about 2011 where we've had some pretty big roll down, particularly in San Francisco. So if you kind of look at the roll down in '11, it's down 10% to 15% somewhere in that range for 11%. If you look at 2012, I think it's much closer to market with slight roll up on the $2.8 million square feet that is rolling in 2012.
Michael E. LaBelle: Sure. I don't think it's going to affect our stabilized yield. I think that with the only thing that is conical change regarding 510 Madison is that our view is that the number of leases that we are going to end up doing is probably increased. And therefore, the amount of time that it's going to take to complete all of those leases have gone up. When you're leasing spaces in 2,000 and 3,000 and 5,000 square foot chunks and you have basically 200,000 square feet to lease, you got to do a lot of leasing. And there's just only so many transactions that we're ultimately going to be able to accomplish in a 12-month period of time, so we've extended out our stabilization date. I think as the tenants that we are targeting, which are to be fair are tenants who are prepared to pay a premium relative to a generic building in Midtown Manhattan to be in a building like 510 Madison Avenue are prepared to do that if they get the right prebuilt type of an environment, and that's what we are trying to the build to and design to. And we're sort of doing it in the context of maintaining the same rental rate structure that we decided to be part of when we underwrote the building and then when we were surprised at how much stronger the market was than we had originally thought.
Michael E. LaBelle: With regards to the exchangeable notes, we are assuming that we refinanced them. We're assuming that we refinanced them when they expire or when they are putable. As I indicated in my comments, we believe that currently, we could borrow 10-year unsecured debt at about 4 3/4%. We don't know exactly where spreads have gone, but we'll go on because it's been quite variable. So for our model, we are using a little bit more than that, about 5% for our model. We're refinancing the $626 million. And then, as I mentioned on the other 2 debts, we're assuming we paid them off.
Michael E. LaBelle: We're assuming that we're leasing it up over the next 7 quarters. I think we've said that we expect it to stabilize now and the third quarter of 2013. We're seeing consistent kind of proposals, prospects, et cetera. We've got this prebuilt program that Doug talked about, and we're going to continue to use that prebuilt program, so we'll always have inventory of it. So our expectation is that we're going to continue to have a reasonable lease of most of those, lease that will probably have some amount of free rent to them, 3 to 6 months maybe a little bit less if it's a prebuilt. If it's not a prebuilt, then maybe a little bit longer. The one issue we do have is capitalized interest on that asset. Capitalized interest will be ceasing on that in April or May of 2012, which is basically 12 months after the date that we've completed construction, completed the development of it. So that is having a bit of an impact to the lease that will continue to go a little bit further than that date.
Michael E. LaBelle: It's a little bit tough to answer that question, but I will say and we talked about a couple of these things. The building at Patriots Park, which is 180,000 square feet, well, we haven't assumed anything for 2012. We do have prospects we're talking to. So if we're able to hit a big prospect and some of those prospects are big prospects, that could be meaningful. The space -- the one more space at 399 Park Avenue. That space is available. We're not assuming that we have income in 2012. If we're able to assign some leases, they'll probably be in free rent, but they certainly could commence in 2012. And then as Jordan mentioned, the exchangeable debt that is coming due. If interest rates and spreads go down, we might be able to do better on that than what we've put in our model. So those are some of the things I think that could drive it. The stuff at Embarcadero Center, we've covered 75% of it. It's going to have the downtime that we expect. The Patriots Park, it's going to have the downtime that we expect. So it's not going to come from those 2 things where really anything in Boston, I guess we do a little bit more leasing. In Cambridge, at 4 Cambridge Center, we sold some space there that we could lease a little bit quicker than we project.
Michael E. LaBelle: There's $53 million left, and there's 2 big pieces of it which are the rollover in 2019 and 2020, which is the Weil Gotshal and Estée Lauder rollover. Between then and now, I mean I don't have it in front of me what's going to happen between -- there's some rollover obviously between then and now.
Michael E. LaBelle: I think the rents in the building are in -- the buildings that are under construction are in the mid-30s. And we think the rent on the other building what is referred to as Patriots Park 3, which is 180,000 square foot building will be closer to $40 a square foot.
Michael E. LaBelle: With regard to the cash question, which is the easier one to answer. I think that our cash is going to be roughly equivalent to where it is right now. And we don't have anything large to deal with. From a cash outflow perspective, then we will have some cash inflows from our portfolio. And then in addition, as I mentioned, we'll have the $30 million approximately that we already have that we just got from Two Grand Central. So as I mentioned that's a little bit over a $1 billion, $1.1 billion, something like that. With regard to our occupancy percentage, I mean, again I kind pointed out the big items. Our portfolio is about 38.5 million square feet. So in order to move our occupancy by 1%, that's 380 -- 400,000 square feet, something like that. So we've got the 170,000 square feet at 399 Park. We have 180,000 square feet at Patriots Park. We've got about 80,000 square feet in Cambridge. We've got some suburban occupancy like in Bay Colony where we have a lot of vacancy, 400,000-plus square feet. But as Doug mentioned, you're going to do some leasing there. But our expectation there is more to back half of '12 and into '13 as we complete the CapEx. And I guess as you think about those numbers in regard to our overall portfolio, you can think of what it might do to the occupancy.
