Michael E. LaBelle: Well, obviously, it's going to be lower at the beginning. Because that's when we're seeing our significant rollover in Boston, with 400,000 square feet of space. And our occupancy going down from where it is today by about 100 basis points, 150 basis points at the beginning of the year. And then we anticipate that we're going to continue to lease up that space through the year. I don't have the exact quarterly number in front of me but we're going to gain somewhere between 100 and 200 basis points of occupancy on our portfolio, which is -- our same-store portfolio is about 42 million square feet and the supplemental provides what the average rents on that are. Obviously our development, also, will have a significant impact on the growth during the year because a run rate today, on 250, where we got 50% of the occupancy that is revenue commencing. And we're going to get up to 78% based on existing signed leases by the end of the second quarter of 2015. And then we will continue to lease up the remaining 200,000-plus square feet, as Doug mentioned through the year, with the hope that we'll get revenue started on some of that stuff. Some of it is prebuilt during '15. And then there's 535 Mission, which, as well, is -- again, in lease-up, it is going to help us. So if you look at those developments, you will see an increase, through the year, of the contribution from those developments.
Michael E. LaBelle: Steve, I think that's a fair characterization. The business feels really good, particularly in Boston and in San Francisco, and in -- honestly, in New York City. Maybe not as much of a rental rate growth with respect to New York City. And we've got really high value-added vacancy that we've known about and we've been forecasting for the past number of quarters. And we will get it leased up and will probably get it up leased up at rents that are higher than what we are currently budgeting. I can't give you a crystal ball on the timing of it. We leased 2.5 million square feet of space in Boston -- or we will have leased 2.5 million square space in Boston calendar year 2014. And I would not be surprised if our leasing folks in Boston were highly successful at getting the 500,000 square feet of high-value space leased by the end of the year. Revenue recognition, different question, right? Is it going to be fourth quarter of '15? Is that going to be third quarter of '16? It's going to depend on the situation.
Michael E. LaBelle: So, Steve, as I mentioned earlier, we don't anticipate anything further for '14, so your question really relates to '15. We put asset sales into 2 categories. One is assets we consider non-core, those transactions have probably been more in number, but certainly lower in terms of capital raised. And then the other are assets where we've been achieving, we think, pretty interesting pricing relative to the cash flow growth in the asset. So we have not -- and are certainly are not prepared at this point, to give you a forecast for '15, in terms of additional asset sales. But we clearly want to continue to work on our non-core portfolio. We have assets, again, that are non-core to the ongoing business. And to the extent that we can sell some of those for attractive prices similar to some of the deals that we've done in the suburbs, in Boston and in Maryland, over the last year. We're want to do that. And then we're going to continue to assess the capital market for the second category of buildings and our capital needs. Mike talked about the fact that we have a significant amount of capital to address our current pipeline of opportunities for the next 2 years, to the extent new opportunities are identified and there's more of a need for capital, that'll be another factor that we'll consider as we look at this. So I think the second category -- again, it's harder to predict and it'll depend on, again, capital needs and what's going on in the capital market and does this aggressive pricing continue to accelerate in the marketplace.
Michael E. LaBelle: Sure. So, just to give you the history, so the transaction that you're talking about is a building that was once called 7 Cambridge Center, now our marketing folks have decided to call it 415 Main Street. It's a building that was built for the Broad Institute. It is a building that is leased to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. As part of that lease back in 2004, when it was negotiated, they were dogmatic about the need to own this real estate at some point in the future. And so, we entered into an agreement where we would do 2 things. We would amortize all of their costs from the tenant-proven perspective, over the term of the lease, at 8%. And we would give them the right of purchase building at -- basically almost doubling our money over the 10-year period of time. So effectively, we built the building for about $60 million and we're selling it for $106 million. I believe, Mike, correct me if I'm wrong, the rent on the office space was about $31 a square foot. And then rent on the lab, which is effectively the TI loan, was about $29 a square foot. So, net-net, it's about $70 or $60 a square foot that we will be losing in contribution starting in February of 2016. And it's it's a 230,000 square foot building.
Michael E. LaBelle: Well, I mean as I -- the same-store is about $1.4 billion. So we're losing $14 million to $18 million. So it's a 1% rough difference to 1.5% rough difference if that was not there. And then as Doug mentioned, you lease it up to the market, right, you're going to add another 40%. So another $8 million or something like that to that income. I would add, just to your question on San Francisco, it's interesting on some of the tech company earnings announcements. Most of them are expense related because they plan on hiring more people. I think that bodes, actually, well for San Francisco.
Michael E. LaBelle: I think the hotel was up a little bit. It had better rate than we anticipated. And the residential market was primarily due to The Avenue, which, from 2013 to 2014, has seen a reduction in the rental rate that we can get. And you can see in the supplemental, it'll show you what the rates are from period to period. And that's really what's driving that decline.
Michael E. LaBelle: I think that our projections are that it's going to be stable in 2015. We're not projecting significant decline. But there's a lot of product that has come online in that marketplace.
Michael E. LaBelle: Yes, it is clear mix. It's, a, we did longer deals. And so, clearly, with a longer lease you have a higher commission. And then there's a majority of deals that were weighted towards New York City. And the New York City Leasing Commission has given that the New York City rents are also higher, pushing the number significantly.
Michael E. LaBelle: I think that, net-net, we are not seeing a lot of pushback on concessions in any of the markets that we operate in. Because there is still a bid for either new construction or there are landlords who are prepared to provide additional concessions with a higher rent. So there's been less pressure on that. Interestingly, in San Francisco, most of the transactions, from a concession perspective, are not too dissimilar from where they were 2 or 3 years ago, but the rents are 25% higher.
Michael E. LaBelle: So let me answer the question in the following manner. Traditionally, in San Francisco, post the dotcom meltdown, technology companies had the luxury of being able to basically do just-in-time demand for their real estate offerings. So if they needed 50,000 square feet of space, they wait until 6 months before they needed it. They hire the people and the they would lease -- the space would be plentiful and it would be there. And I would say that was the situation that you were seeing in San Francisco until about 2 years ago. And 2 years ago, everyone sort of woke up at the same time and said, there are not a lot of blocks of suites available. And so technology companies, the Salesforces of the world, the Dropboxes of the world, the Ubers of the world, the LinkedIns of the world, the Googles of the world, all said, if we're going to be able to continue to grow, we have to be become more corporate and long ranging in our views on how we go about acquiring sites and making sure that we have the real estate facilities necessary to allow our growth and our new employees and existing employees to move into, as we sort of get there. So I would tell you that there is absolutely no question that a lot of what is going on today are tenants that are taking down space in expectation of growing their organizations. But these are all organizations, and Mike has, ad nauseam, talked about this in the past, that have tremendous operating fundamentals that have clear profitability indicators in either EBITDA or cash flow growth or top line revenue growth. And so you can see the logic behind their need for additional employees, juxtaposing it to, back in 2000, 1999, when there were a tremendous number of non-publicly traded or publicly traded and recently funded organizations that were based upon a business plan without any revenues, without any income, without any sort of track record. And it all sort of suddenly fell into the ocean in 2001. It's a really different kind of a class of customers that are doing what I'm describing. And I think that's what changing. But it is absolutely true that they are looking at real estate a couple of years before they need it because they don't have a choice, at this point, other than to do that.
Michael E. LaBelle: I will agree with you that I think there's a good opportunity for us to have faster same-store growth beyond 2015, assuming that we are successful in leasing up the space that we have in Boston, which again is at The Pru Tower and the Hancock Tower and The Pru shops, which we're going to see strong growth on. And then if you look at San Francisco, and you look at 250,000 square feet EC expiring to the end of '15. But the 900,000 square feet expiring during 2016 at rates of under $50 a square foot, we should be able to lease that space today in the mid-60s to 70. So again, to the extent that we're successful in being able to kind of renew those and lease-up any space we get back, which I think we should be, we should see some benefit from both of those. So I do think that we are well-positioned heading into 2016 given that dynamic.
Michael E. LaBelle: Okay. Let's see, I'll let Owen describe sort of the pipeline of things that we're looking at. Conceptually, it is virtually impossible to 1031 into development in a meaningful way because the dollars to be put out the door within 6 months. And the fact of the matter is you have to do it on a property by property basis and there's just not enough capital on a current basis going out in any of these assets to make a meaningful dent on that.
Michael E. LaBelle: We have plenty of room and we had specific conversations with the rating agencies around the Norges joint venture because a couple of these assets are unencumbered. And our expectations, in the near term, is they will remain unencumbered. We do, however, have rights to encumber these assets, up to certain levels that are fully within our rights, and our partner is fine with that. So, to the extent that there was a situation where we wanted to encumber them to improve our pool, we could do that. However, in our conversations with the rating agencies, there's not a lot of concern from them related to that issue. There are many other companies that also have JVs like this, that have strong ratings. And my view is that it has minimal, if any, impact on where our rating is today.
Michael E. LaBelle: Well, Vance, as I mentioned, we have non-core assets that we're going to continue to sell, subject to the pricing that we're able to receive for those assets. And then on the second category, which is more return-oriented, we're going to have to weigh those factors as we get in 2015. What's the pricing for the asset? What are the assets? What's the structure? What our capital needs? And it'll be a confluence of all those factors.
Owen D. Thomas: Well, I'll give you the first answer. I think it's pretty clear that we are not, in any way, shape or form, doing things because we are in "need of capital". We sit on -- at the end of these sales we'll have $2.5 million of cash and we will have $1 billion under our line and we will also have reduced our debt, significantly, over the last few years. So from a balance sheet perspective, we are highly liquid and have great ability to raise capital.
Owen D. Thomas: No, I think -- it's Owen again. Both are a factor. Again, going back to the question a moment ago, more broadly about asset sales. The first category, the non-core, we want to continue to do that. We think, given the current capital market environment, its an opportunity for us to exit certain non-core assets if we can get appropriate pricing. And I think your question really relates to the second category, which are these larger transactions that we've been executing at what we think are very favorable terms. And we're going weigh both of those factors as we consider additional asset sales. What is the opportunity? What are the cash flow characteristics of the building that we would sell or joint venture and what would our potential capital needs be. And as Doug and Mike have pointed out. Right now, we don't have a significant near-term capital need given the sales activities that we conducted this past year.
Owen D. Thomas: So I think that the direction that you saw in the third quarter was consistent with the direction that you will see in the fourth quarter and in early 2015. I think, overall, we would anticipate that the mark-to-market on most of our assets in San Francisco and in Boston are in the sort of 20, plus or minus, percent increases. The New York stuff is lumpier. As I have described before, we some of these larger scale re-leasing transactions that we're working on, where the rents are sort of flat. We have a couple of where there's a market increase in the rent, a.k.a. the wild got-you-alls of the world. And then there are a couple that, on a mark-to-market basis, are negative. I mean we have, for example, a couple of the floors that we're taking back this quarter from one of the tenants, the tenant was paying $130 a square foot on, and then the market rent is probably $95 to $100 a square foot. So net-net, New York City is somewhat muted. And so I think, depending upon the timing of those transactions, there'll probably be more variability in the New York City leasing than there will be in the Boston or the stuff that's going on in San Francisco. And then Washington, D.C., it's really interesting. The funny thing about Washington D.C. is it's not all in the leasing spreads. The rents, net-net, are not going down. They're not going up a lot but they're not going down. So you have 2 factors. You have the fact that Washington, D.C. leases traditionally have 1.5%, 2.5%, 2.75% annual escalations. So a rent was, at one point, $35 or $36 a square footage suddenly in the mid-40s, and the rent today is probably in the low 40s. So there is, potentially, a little bit of a muted impact on that. And then, where the weakness is really translated in Washington D.C. is on the concession packages. A new transaction in Washington, D.C., for our major law firm over 100,000 square feet, you're talking in excess of $100 worth of tenant improvement money and you're probably talking about 9 to 12 months of free rent. And those 2 things don't get factored into the rental rate. And so it gets somewhat muted there.
Owen D. Thomas: It's still really interesting and it's still outside of midtown and it's, unfortunately, not at the point where it's something we can talk about publicly.
Owen D. Thomas: No, not at all. Not at all. In fact if you look, Uber, Yelp, several of the large tenants that have been in the market continued to take space. I mean, Uber just took another 80,000 square feet on top of the 400,000 that they announced last month. So we're very optimistic as far as the activity that we're seeing.
Owen D. Thomas: Jamie, I mean, we are far from expert at where the Washington, D.C. market is with 1 property. I think our view, based upon our conversations with the folks who are doing the leasing, are that rates going to basically remain firm and we, hopefully, will pick up some occupancy. I'd say our occupancy went down more than we would have been anticipated during the move-out or around the end of the school year at G.W. And so we've done some things to sort of change the approach how we deal with that transition. And there is basically a total net-net neutral decision on where we're pricing the unit. But we are not a good barometer of the residential market in Washington, D.C. If you call in a half hour I'll probably do a better job for you there.
Owen D. Thomas: And then on the new investment opportunities, I would put them in a couple of different categories. Although I think probably the most significant category is looking at new developments, so particularly new sites. So if you look at markets, particularly I would say in San Francisco and in New York City, we have a number of projects that we're actively working on, where we would acquire a new site and it would be a new development. We do look at the acquisition of existing assets in all of our markets. We're very active in that. But as we've talked about, from a pricing perspective, we've had a very difficult time making the figures work for those kinds of acquisition. So, again, going back. I think the focus for us to be competitive in this market is, is there a development or redevelopment angle, where we can our development and operating expertise to create value or is it something where there is a tax protection we can provide through our unit. That would be another category of things that we'd be looking at.
Owen D. Thomas: And just one thing I would add to what Doug said. If you think about our portfolio -- and we talked about this a lot, the investor conference, in Boston, and to some extent Washington, particularly in Reston, we have somewhat of an embedded long-term development pipeline. Because we have sites on our existing assets. We have the North Station project, which you're going to be hearing more and more about. Whereas in New York and San Francisco, we don't. And so that deals that Doug is describing is really setting is up for continued longer-term development investment in those 2 markets.
Owen D. Thomas: So 535 Mission actually got it's TCO a week ago. And the first tenant will be in occupancy, and working in the space, within the next couple of weeks. We have signed our second lease at the top of the building this quarter -- I mean, in the fourth quarter in October. And we are close to execution on another lease that will bring us to about 65% committed and leased. And we expect the remaining portion of the building to be leased before the end of calendar year 2015, with rent commencement either in '15 or by no later than the middle of 2016. And we are we have seen about a 15% increase in rents from the first transaction that we did, which was probably negotiated 8 months ago, to the rents that we are asking today.
Owen D. Thomas: Okay. Let me just conclude by reminding everyone that we had a strong quarter financially, and hopefully we've been able to demonstrate that we continue to make terrific progress executing our plan. And thank you for all your attention and we'll see you all in 2 days. That's right, down at Atlanta, yes.
