Doug Linde: I think that there are the three largest components that are likely to be talked about over the next few quarters are at the 200 Clarendon Street, and 120 St. James, which is the building in Boston. The additional lease up at the Prudential Center, which is about 90,000 square feet of space and the changes that we are going to be going through at 757 General Motor's building, which are both the retail space at the base and the two floors that we are getting back in July. That is where the bulk of that is coming from. I think the prognosis is positive and we are working forward on transactions and all stuff, but I mean, it maybe a quarter or maybe three quarters before we announce those transactions are completed.
Doug Linde: I wish I could give you an honest answer, because the timing is what really is going to drive that. I can tell you that, much of it will start to bleed in, in latter part of '16 and much of it will bleed in over '17, so there is no question that by the end of '17 we will have all of it in our estimation right now. I can't tell you if it is 50% in the first quarter of '17 or 80% in the first quarter of '17, a lot of it is just going to be depending upon the physical characteristic of the space and when we can start recognizing revenue.
Doug Linde: Yes. I think, the fact is that a lot of it is going to be coming in very bulky manner in 2017, not all on January 1, 2017, but over each quarter. By the fourth quarter it will all be there, but again a significant piece of it is going to be in [ph]
Doug Linde: That was I think a question that we had last quarter as well. It is an interesting question, so existing incumbent tenants at Embarcadero Center, we have one tenant that we are talking to at Embarcadero Center that is likely to leave and move to sales force. There are some tenets are looking at both, Embarcadero Center and Salesforce that are not tenants on our portfolio right now.
Doug Linde: You are asking, what is the canary in the coal mine, right? I think that that it is a really difficult question to answer with a specific fact that we will look and say okay now the market is going to go turn. I think that in the last four or five years, the City of San Francisco has reshaped itself so dramatically in terms of the tenant demand that the diversity of companies and the strength of those companies is so different that I think that it will be much more difficult to sort of look at look at any one particular industry or any one particular company and say okay things have really changed. I mean clearly a overall GDP reduction and a series of layoffs from major technology companies would be the thing that I think would make it a clear-cut type of a demarcation, but again we just do not see that. I mean, we see these large tech companies that have got pretty strong balance sheet and pretty global reaches now being able to weather the storm in a pretty significant manner and with business strategies that have a very long-term focus associated with them, so there is no question that there are going to be failures in certain tech industries. All of the mobile payment companies are not going to survive. I mean, you know they are in all likelihood a couple of unicorns that are not going to make it just from a valuation and from a capital perspective, but we have spent a tremendous amount of time looking at the demand from the sort of startup community versus the "traditional" now and more fundamentally sound technology companies. On a relative basis, the City of San Francisco was in a really good place. Bob, I do not know if you have any other comment you want to make.
Doug Linde: I think prior to this we were 92% leased and we have leases outstanding for another floor, so another 3% or 4%, so we are basically 94%, 95%. I would expect that the space that we are getting back, remember, I said there is some space on the ground floor that is retail. Then there is space on the second floor and then there is one high-rise tower floor that we will in all likelihood lease the high-rise tower floor to tenants outside of the buildings similar to the way we have been leasing up the 33rd, the 34th, 35th floor, so they are going to be 5,000 square feet to 12,000 square feet to maybe fourth floor and I do not believe that anybody in the building will take the second floor and the retail will come from retailers who are obviously looking to place their inflation on 8th Avenue.
Doug Linde: Yes. Again, just in the context, the building it is going to be available for tenants other than Salesforce in the latter half of 2017 and into early 2018. I would expect that we now have done another five floors, knock on wood, that we will get the last signature page. I mean, leases are literally out for signature in the next couple of days, so our expectation is there is another 200,000 square feet to 300,000 square feet of leasing that we hope to get done during calendar year 2016, obviously, for rent commencement in late '17 or early '18. I think that would be or that is our sort of base case goal. Bob, you can comment and you will probably tell me you are going to have the whole thing leased before the end of the year, but I would moderate that…
Doug Linde: Steve, to summarize, so the projects I think if you keep an eye on our Kendall Centers, Springfield Metro, 20 CityPoint and the Signature site - we are all working hard on getting pre-leasing, so we start this projects.
Doug Linde: Sure. It is very unique space. It is almost the side core at that lower second level with the four floor plate being close to 50,000 feet and the ceiling heights make it and large windows make it very unique space. We have the flexibility to use the second floor in creative ways. We could clearly use it for access into the lobby and use it for office space, but we could also access it from 8th Avenue from some of the retail space and use it for different type of use, studios or other, so we will be look at all of that.
Doug Linde: Well, you are just making one sort of subtle argument that there is no real value to the cash flow from a building one the lease has been signed that is different than the amortization of the transaction costs into that building and I guess I would argue that, in many cases the expectation associated with what these buildings will do in the future is an important component to how they are being valued, so while on a short-term basis it may be true that in a particular building where a lease is rolling at a "flat mark-to-market" and you are putting transaction cost in on a net effective basis it is obviously slightly dilutive. If there is a perception, and in many of these markets there is a perception, which is based upon reality that rental rates will grow over time. There is significant value that is likely embedded in that cash flow from that particular lease on a forward basis, so that is how you have to think about it. Now, there are in fact cases where we do not have a view that there is going to be rental rate growth of any significant. As Owen suggested that those are buildings where we are sort of saying, you know, leasing these things up and selling these buildings might be the best course of valor here, so we have done a number of those sort of modest prunings over the years, where in fact we have agreed with you that there really is not a lot of value to be attributed to doing additionally leasing of these assets.
Doug Linde: I just want to comment. Mike has done a terrific job managing down our balance sheet and putting us in what I consider to be an enviable position relevant to both, our liquidity and our assets to capital and has done a really good job of working with the bond investors to educate them on the principal foundations of how our business runs, so we know we did our deal and I think we have traded 5 basis points to 7 basis points wide in a period where the market is traded 30 basis points wide. I think the reason that we were successful as we were is because the company is in a really good stead with the bondholders and I think it is very satisfying and it give us a lot of comfort that going forward into 2016 and 2017, as Mike spoke earlier, we do have additional maturities that we are going to be in a pretty good place to access either the unsecured or the secured markets at whatever the market pricing is but at the tightest levels possible.
Doug Linde: I think they think about it in a significant way, but ultimately then they look at both, the covenant structure of our rebounds and they look at the overall leverage ratio of our company and how we performed over the past decade as being an unsecure issuer and they get very comfortable with the way we have managed our book of business.
Doug Linde: I think the TIs have come down in some places and I think the TIs have basically stabilized in other, so as an example. I still think in San Francisco, if you doing a 10-year or a 15 years lease with a tenant that is going to be rebuilding space there are likely looking for a $70-plus a square foot. By the way, the $70 a square foot is probably getting 60% of the way to what their cost are and it might have been getting them five years ago, because this was a part of construction as well as changes to the energy cost and other cost that are acquiring them - that they would not have had to do, which is just simply increase the overall cost of occupancy. I think from the tenants' perspective interestingly they actually see a diminution and the transaction costs in many of these deals we are sort of looking it as a flat.
Doug Linde: Rich, let me just speak a little bit more clear. Our decision to redo Weil Gotshal, Kirkland & Ellis, Reed Smith, and lock [ph] was a decision where we said okay there are a number of new buildings that are being built across the city and there are a number of buildings that are going to be vacated across the city when the tenants that are in them are moving to buildings that are currently vacant and our tenants are a likely candidate for all of those future availabilities as we think we have the ability to help them get into more efficient space, take some space back in calendar year 2015 or 2016 or 2017, in a very modest way that can be both, accretive to them in terms of being able to reduce their footprint prior their expiration in 2019 or 2020 and give us an opportunity to lease space at rents that are better than what those current tenants are paying. It was the recognition that they were a number of competitive availabilities that our tenants were going to be looking at over the next few years and taking advantage of our attributes in terms of timing and ability to do things with them earlier that led us to go in those direction and that space is available today, so we feel really good about all those decisions.
Doug Linde: I would not want to halfheartedly give you an answer. I will just say as follows, that we have the ability in some places to build structure on top of parking areas and in other times there may be a requirement to remove a particular existing assets and add density to it, so the mathematics associated with what the value is are really difficult to sort of described with a number. I will tell you that we believe that we will be able to achieve rents in excess of that mid-to-high 60s on a triple-net basis in current market conditions and over time we think those rents are going to go up, because there is such a lack of supply in that area, so we believe we will be able to profitably figure out how to use that density.
Doug Linde: I think in most cases these are financial services companies that are looking for a modest amount of incremental expansion as they move forward. There are none of them are looking to reduce their...
John Powers: I guess, what I would add is that we finished last year with a very good leasing year, very good leasing velocity year I am talking about Manhattan overall. It was down 6% from 2014, but then again it was 6% higher than the last five years. During the year, we had issues in August and September as Owen and Doug said and we had spread widening as Mike talked about and that never moved into the leasing market. It might have won a few deals slowing things down a little, so right now we have the same kind of activity in the financial markets and people are looking at it, but a lot of large tenants are planning for significant period of time and are not continuing with what they do. Some of the smaller tenants in the smaller deals, I think, look more closely at the screens than the large organizations do.
John Powers: Let me just add to my previous comment, I said last August and September, the financial markets had a drop off and there were concerns and we have that now. It did not move to the leasing market last time. We do not know whether move the leasing [ph] markets this time. It hasn't yet, but obviously if the financial markets continue to have problems and the economy has problems than that will affect everyone. On the New York side, we do not see any change over the last few months in the leasing. I would say the only change that is really noteworthy and Doug has mentioned the supply for a number of times is the deal with the news did not get done at two, so that is a 2.8 million square foot building that is now getting built Downtown, so on the supply side we understand that that is way out, but we do look way out - let us say over the next three or four years. Certainly that is supply side. We do not need another 2 million square foot building on Sixth Avenue to come in the market in terms of the supply, so are we just moving along in New York, no big change yet, but obviously we are concerned like everyone is with the financial markets and what is happening globally and if that is going to have a real impact on leasing market in the coming months.
John Powers: Well, right now I can say we do not have any discussion with any of our tenants about shrinking. That has probably synced as I can put it, we have done over the last couple of years, as you know a number of law firm deals. Some of those law firms have taken the same amount of space, because they are growing, but they are more efficient in the space that they have and other of those law firms have dropped significantly. Sometimes by 15% or 20%, but right now we do not see any tenants that are in the portfolio that we are talking to or for that matter tenants that are looking at that from outside that are shrinking.
John Powers: Well, different tenants have different motivations. We are talking to someone at 399 for a very large block of space that is in three or four locations and they want to consolidate. That is an important motivation. We are talking to some tenants in the building that have bought other companies that want to expand and want to consolidate everyone into 399. It is always a specific business issue for the tenants that you are dealing what are the prospects that you are dealing with.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I think that we have seen it unfolding in the markets over the last couple of quarters. I cited $3 billion-plus $4 billion-plus deals in high quality office space, high quality office deals and gateway markets that went to North American-lead investment group, so either U.S. pension funds, other U.S. investors or Canadian investors. I think that there is a bit of a geographic rotation, but thus far certainly U.S. investors, Canadian investors, we are increasingly seeing Japanese investors in the marketplace, investors from Asia, outside of China, there are other groups that are in the marketplace and so far have led to a lack of reduction in pricing at least today.
Owen Thomas: On the value add, I think we have mentioned for many quarters prior to this and also in this quarter, we are focusing on new investments where we can use our real estate talent, so that I would either new development or redevelopment of existing assets. I do think right now we have a fairly robust pipeline of things that we are looking at in both of those categories and most of our core markets. These are areas where many of the sovereign wealth funds and offshore investors - you know it is not 100% the case, but they are less active and you that is helpful to us.
Owen Thomas: I do not think we necessarily anticipate that. It certainly could happen. I do think that market is stronger for core assets and gateway city than it is as you go out the risk spectrum in real estate investment, but we are not necessarily expecting a re-pricing of those assets.
Owen Thomas: Our asset sales are driven by selling non-core assets, which we do every year. Innovation Place was probably the most recent example of that. Then from time-to-time, we have opportunistically sold assets where we achieved what we thought was extraordinary pricing. This year I mentioned an early prediction of asset sales mix in the $200 million to $250 million range. As I mention also, we have already done seven Kendall Center, which is a little over 100 million, so we are not changing our disposition plan for this year based on current market conditions. We basing it on desire to continue to sell non-core assets.
Owen Thomas: Alex, we have sold a lot of very significant portfolio of assets this cycle. 2014 was the largest year of assets selling at Boston Properties. Our total sales for this cycle, I think, are in excess of $3 billion. Remember, the joint venture we did with the Norges on four assets over two years, another significant asset that we sold, also, the large reason why we have made the very significant special dividends that I described and also the reason that our current gearing is below 6, so we feel like we have done very significant selling this cycle.
Owen Thomas: No. I think that we did sell 100% of several assets in the portfolio. I agree they were not as large as the joint venture transaction that we did. I think the JVs were a function of the fact that the marketplace was very aggressive for the joint venture structure, which was attractive to us. Second, the assets that we have in joint venture, we do believe in and we, in many cases, are improving and growing the cash flows, so the combination of both.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I guess, so I would characterize the way we feel that we are cautiously optimistic that rents will marginally improve across our markets. Meaning that in markets like San Francisco, we believe, we will continue to see modest increases in rents. I do not think we are going to see spikes in the suburban Boston in the CBD of Boston we are going to see good growth in rents, not spikes. In Midtown, Manhattan we think we are going to see pretty flat marginal growth in rents a 2%, depending upon the quality of the space and the location of the space. In a market like Reston, I think, we can push rents 2% or 3%, maybe up to 5%, depending upon the space in the city of Washington D.C. It is going to be a pretty flat year. We think it is a good market not a spiking market.
Owen Thomas: I think, I am going to give you the glimpse of quick and dirty [ph] answer and John can choose to add some color if he would like. I think that is the approach that we took and I think we got to a point where we felt that the economics of the payments that the tenant was making us more than justified the risk that we would be taking, we letting the space at a valuation that would provide us with a significant enhancement on a total NPV basis.
Owen Thomas: I am not going to speak specifically to what the tenant is paying us, because I just do not think that is appropriate, but the way we looked at it, it was - we had not yet given the tenant any money to build out their space, so that is sort of helps money and we believe that we will be able to reel at the space in short order at market transactions and that we will come out significantly ahead versus what the payment that the tenant made us.
Owen Thomas: I think, we are generally conservative in our approach to new development. We talked about our yield targets being 7%-plus for office. We have a pre-letting requirement, which we also think helps mitigate risk in development. I would also point out that our development pipeline is not static. We just announced the delivery of several projects of our pipeline. That is going to continue. Even if we add a few projects this year, it is likely our development pipeline may actually go down during the year. Yes. We are paying attention. The macro headlines do matter, but at the same time if we have a project that we think pencils too an attractive yield to shareholder and we have risk mitigation through pre-leasing we are going to launch it.
Owen Thomas: Brad, I think that we have acted to bolster our liquidity additionally with the bond deal we just did. We have looked at our future debt maturities and we did that the defeasance, so we are kind of taking some of those maturities off the table now. We have got all the capital raised to fund out our development pipeline, so we have a very, very liquid balance sheet and are in strong position. From a leverage perspective, on net debt to EBITDA basis, we are somewhere in the high 5s, so that is down pretty significantly over the last four, five years. We expect to continue as I mentioned in my comments, as our development pipeline will be coming online and we have already raised the money to do that and those developments we are expected to generate strong yields, so I think that our capacity to do additional thing is just going to grow, so we think we are a very, very well-positioned from both, the liquidity perspective and leverage perspective right now.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I will give you the macro view. The macro view is, we are in conversations with a number of tenants and we are optimistic that our perceived view of the value and the critical nature of that space for someone's brand will melt together and we are optimistic we are going to have a deal done sometime in 2016 for someone to use this space in 2017.
Owen Thomas: Look, I think that our bond offering went very well. I would say it was better than we expected given the volatility that we were seeing in the market. We wanted to try to do something either in December or January, so we have been looking at the market for a while and it has been pretty volatile throughout and the demand for our deal was over four times what we expected to raise, so we were able to tighten during the process and get to a level that we thought was a really a good level and there has been other companies that are highly rated companies, including a company yesterday not in the REIT space that has been very, very successful. I think as you go down the risk spectrum into lower investment grade and non-investment grade, the widening and credit spreads in the last 30 day has been more significant than the 20 basis points to 30 basis point that I mentioned for companies like ourselves.
Owen Thomas: Yes. It is opportunity-driven. We are actively looking at new investment opportunities in all of our market. We have on balance sheet today actually a very significant pipeline of both entitled and un-entitled land that we are going to continue to push through the entitlement and permitting process. New projects at this stage it depends. I mean, they could be for a future cycle. I suppose if for prospect exist for the cycle, probably less likely.
Owen Thomas: I just want to add a couple of things just to that last question. We have interestingly a shadow, shadow pipeline that we have talked about before. As an example, in Reston, Virginia when light rail comes, we are going to get an up-zoning in density and Peter; you can describe what how much of that we are going to be getting there on land that we own in our existing footprint. In Boston, we are in the midst of beginning our Back Bay Train Station, up-zoning entitlements for up to 1.75 million square feet of space, so there are projects like that that are more long range. They are not 2017 starts. They are probably 2018 or 2019 or 2020 starts that are physically in the Company's - on balance sheet right now and we just need to protect them. Then we have buildings like Fourth and Harrison, where again we are in the permitting process for up to 900,000 square feet and likely it will probably be a little bit less than that, but when Central SoMa eventually gets permitted and we are in a position to start a building it is another market, where we are looking for things. We have talked about Dock72, where we will hopefully be under construction in the next few weeks with the first building, where we have the potential to do another million square feet. Again, there is a really good embedded inventory of places in the Company that we can add inventory over time. I think that completes all the questions. Hopefully, we have been able to demonstrate to you all the progress we have made on our plans. Thank you very much for your attention this morning.
Ray Ritchey: Sure, Owen. Thanks. Where Reston sits today effectively 100% leased, and no due supply coming online either from us or from the competition, we feel exceedingly strong about. This may come as a shocker, but we are pushing those back. We think that the floor sizes, the building size and the internal demand we have within the market to clearly justify it, but we are in discussions with about three or four major existing tenants of ours who have expressed interest in anywhere between 80,000 square feet to 150,000 square feet.
Ray Ritchey: That is right. That is a long question. I will give my best to be as brief as possible. First of all, I cannot comment on the specifics of the tenant coming or the purchaser coming to Reston. There is a little bit movement towards owning this space. As you know the accounting change taking place in '18, will have an impact on many corporations or how they book their occupancy cost, but I still think that the defense contractor want to have given the uncertainty of long-term government contracts, they still want to stay relatively short in the lease terms, so they are not held out either long-term lease obligations or the lack of liquidity by owning real estate, so I think the - isolated is an example, John, but I do not see a general trend. Relative to the market for cyber command, obviously, we are optimistic that the Fort Meade will continue to pump out both, contracts and then resulting jobs to those corridor, still is very strong with the presence of major Intel activities out there overall in CIA, so we like our positions in both of those markets. I will say that there Rosslyn-Ballston corridor is relatively soft and I think that is more about the fact that now Tysons with the silver line has opened up another market that those defense contractors go to with better access and lower occupancy cost, so that still face the challenges, but we were put our money in the Dallas corridor and the Fort Meade market.
Ray Ritchey: Yes. Let me take a shot. One of the things we look at is, not only the new construction that is new development taking place, but we are seeing in D.C. a repositioning of older assets, moving them from C-minus to A-minus and that level of supply is probably at an all-time high. That is why we are so aggressive - talking to our tenants. We just renewed Steptoe was 17 expiration, we are talking to Akin with the 2020 expiration, we are trying to get our larger existing - locked up, because they are targets of those new buildings coming online. Unlike the other three markets that we are in, D.C. is very much a lease expiration-driven market. We do not have Salesforce coming and take 70,000 square feet as Bob enjoys in San Francisco, so our strategy is to get out with our existing tenants, lock them up and then aggressively go after other people's tenants to backfill our new development. To summarize, it is much more about the increasing supply, moderating any future growth in demand.
