Douglas Linde: So that's, unfortunately, the technical question that keeps everybody up at night here at BXP, which is what will the actual condition of the space fee that we're leasing and what will our requirements be to either modify or change the space relative to simply handing the space over to the tenant? And I wish I could give you a precise answer to that, Steve. Right now, of the -- just over 1 million square feet of space that we are currently under negotiation with, about 500,000 of that is covering what I would refer to as pure vacancy. And I think there is a good probability that 50-plus percent of that will be "in place" from a revenue perspective in 2024 -- but it's -- that's the really hard question for us to gauge, which is, I'm comfortable that we're going to get the leasing done and that when we are also showing our "occupancy", including signed leases, that it will illustrate that we have had a very successful year from a leasing perspective. It's really hard to know when that revenue is going to hit. And so that's the variable that we can't control because it's really a question of how the lease comes together. And all of that is embroiled into Mike's same-store number. So that's why I think, to be fair, we are being, I think, conservative but they're conservative, not trying to -- we're not standing backing anything here because we just don't know.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And John, I would just say the following, which is there are institutional investors who have just had a perspective that at this moment in time, investing additional capital in our sector is not what they want to do, relative to their portfolios. We obviously have a very different perspective on the long-term value that's going to be created by doing these transactions or we wouldn't be doing them. So we're excited about the lease that we signed with Snap. We're excited about the lease we signed with Finnegan Henderson. And we're excited about what that means for the long-term value of these properties. And it was the disconnect between what they wanted to do and what we wanted to do that really created the opportunity from our perspective to deploy capital in a very accretive way. And we're looking for other opportunities in our portfolio and away from our portfolio, where these types of disconnects between the current owner and what our perspective is they're different.
Douglas Linde: Yes. And Nick, this is Doug. On your answer to the other question. Without -- we're not going to get into the specifics of a particular tenants economics. As I said in my remarks, our West Coast leases that were signed this quarter -- executed this quarter was down 3%, but San Francisco was up 9%. So you can go through the statistics and sort of decide yourself how you think that might have played out. And relative to transaction costs in free rent, it was actually a very low transaction costs and low free rent early renewals. So those economics were built into the lease rate.
Douglas Linde: I would say, Michael, that the technology demand on the West Coast is lower than we would like it to be, largely because there have been a significant amount of technology layoffs over the past, call it, 12 to 18 months, and they're still happening. Clearly, they're happening at a much lower rate and they're on the margin. So I would tell you that I think we've been sort of in the "bottom" for a period of time. And I don't look at the world and say that there's another “shoe to drop”, I think we're just sort of in a portion of time where there's just no interest in growth from a real estate space perspective for technology companies. I believe that will change. The fourth quarter and the third quarter of 2023 in San Francisco for AI was a great quarter, and we had 2 really interesting transactions occur, which we've described previously. There was 1 million square feet of positive absorption. I'm not smart enough to know if those 2 tenants may double or triple or quadruple over the next 2 to 3 years. I also don't know whether or not there are going to be other AI companies that are either BC or seed invested with angel investing that are going to explode. I'm hopeful that those types of things will happen. And from our perspective, that will all be to the good for the West Coast and for the city of San Francisco. 2024 is not going to be that year in terms of, in our view, space absorption.
Douglas Linde: With regards to your first question about Google, the answer is absolutely not. We have -- Google is in only one asset of ours, which is in our Cambridge portfolio and they're in there for a long, long time, and they're actively using their space and talking to us about increasing parking needs and things like that. So we have no sense that there's any change in their portfolio composition at least with us at BXP. I would say most of our defaults have been in the life science and they've been in the sort of start-up tech world, and we have 1 in Waltham, that's probably going to occur and we have 2 or 3 that occurred in the latter parts of 2023 on the West Coast, 1 CBD and 2 in the suburban market, and they're all sort of in this 20,000 to 25,000 square feet of piece, and they're just part of the -- what's going on in the economy with regards to capital formation, where VCs want to put their money, where they don't want to put their money, whether technologies are successfully getting companies to the point where they can raise additional capital again and we have some exposure to that, but it's not significant.
Douglas Linde: So the developments that we have, I believe that you're referring to are 290 Binney Street, which is the 2026. That's AstraZeneca, that's 100% list [ph] 103 Fourth Avenue, which we don't have any leasing velocity on. 180 CityPoint, where we have about 140,000 square feet of available space. Those 2 are coming online in '24 in terms of when they're going to be in service. And we need to find some clients to lease those buildings in order for them to be stabilized in 2025. At 651 Gateway, it's a similar conversation, in that we've started doing leasing. We will be through 12 months of the lease-up in early 2025, and we need to do more leasing in order to get that one going in the 360 Park Avenue South, which -- where the building construction is complete and Hilary and her team in New York are aggressively pursuing anybody who wants premier space in the Midtown South market, where we've done one lease, and we have another lease that we're close to having a letter of intent on for a floor plus. And then there's other interest in the building. And that one also we need to do additional leasing in order for it to be stabilized in 2025. The rest of the -- I believe the rest of the stuff is residential, and that's obviously a question of when those buildings start and how long the ramp-up is in terms of turning over the units and I think when Skymark opens, which is the Reston property in the third quarter of 2024, we have probably a 15- to 18-month lease-up. I know you can correct me if I'm wrong, in or for that one to be stabilized.
Douglas Linde: And I would tell you that the most activity that we are having on a building-by-building basis is, in fact, in our CBD most premier assets. And in no case, are we seeing changes in the economics of what the market or we are asking for and ultimately achieving in those client conversations. I'm not sure where that information that was in the article in the Wall Street Journal came from, but it's just -- and I'll let Hilary describe what's going on in Manhattan in terms of our activity level, which I think is sort of the poster trial for Premier. And she can sort of give you a perspective on why I think that article is just not -- it doesn't hold water for us.
Douglas Linde: And then just -- Jake, you might comment on the phenomenon you're seeing at the high end -- in the premier buildings where, I guess, what we would refer to in Washington, D.C. as the trophy buildings in terms of both the demand and the economics there.
Douglas Linde: We're seeing the same thing in Boston. And as noted in our discussions internally this last week, for our Boston portfolio, we're at 4.4% vacancy and Cambridge is 2.5, which is just phenomenal. We are seeing -- I wouldn't say that this is outstanding trend, but we are seeing users that normally would not be in our office building, where they want more square footage in, let's say, a Class B or C building, looking to us for reaching up with smaller square footage just used more efficiently.
Douglas Linde: So I would tell you that the D.C. market is the most -- one of the most interesting markets from our perspective in the sense that there are more, what I would refer to as over finance buildings with institutional owners that are no longer interested in providing capital to those assets, which is manifesting itself in an inability for lease transactions to occur in those transactions. And Jake and his team are, I would say, highlighting our financial stability and the things that we are doing in our buildings. And there is no question that the lease transaction that he just pulled off with Finnegan Henderson was a direct result of the lack of opportunities for a large tenant to go to other existing buildings, the inability of any new construction to commence and BXP's ability to both provide TI capital as well as figure out a way to reposition that building to be as close to a brand-new trophy building as you possibly can have. And Jake, you might just sort of describe the choices that are out there and how the distress in the market is impacting our ability to transact.
Douglas Linde: This is Doug. There is no termination option on the lease that we just signed. As part of the lease, we allowed them to terminate on 140,000 square feet at the end of 2024. The remaining 467,000 square feet is going out for 10 years starting in 2026 to 2036. So Mike can describe any conversations that we've had with the lender, but we're very comfortable with the refinancing opportunity associated with that building and how that will play out, relative to both the new leasing that we hope to do as well as the potential purchase of the ground, which is -- can occur in 2028.
Douglas Linde: And now that it's effectively a wholly owned joint venture, we have no partner. We don't need to use third-party financing. We can choose to use unsecured financing. So I mean there are lots of options.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Yes, as I said in my remarks, the lease extensions did spark the acquisitions that we made. And it's for the reasons that you outlined. So with each of these extensions came a capital requirement for tenant work, leasing commissions and, in some cases, building upgrades. And the two partners had a shift in strategy to disinvest or reallocate away from office. And that basically sparked the acquisitions. The other thing I would point out, other assets had future capital requirements as well. So in the case of Santa Monica Business Park, we have the Snap renewal, but also we have a fee purchase option coming up in 2028. That could -- if we elect to purchase the fee, that will have a capital requirement. And those 360 Park Avenue South, there was not an anchor lease renewal because that project is under redevelopment. It's in the middle of the redevelopment. So the partner basically sold out their position in the middle of funding that development. So it also had a future funding requirements. So those are really the drivers.
Owen Thomas: Yes. And just lastly, John, to the second question that you asked, never say never. There might be other opportunities to acquire interest in properties that we own, but I certainly don't think the volume would be anything like what we experienced in the last quarter. For example, today, our largest joint venture partner is Norges. And in the last quarter, they actually increased their number of joint ventures with us because we did these two major JVs in Cambridge. And obviously, they have a different strategy from the JV partners that we acquired interest from. So it could be more, but I don't think it will be anything close to the volume that we experienced last quarter.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I think the -- Alex, to answer your question on the debt side, Mike should answer. But in general, as you know, we primarily finance with unsecured financing, and we have great access to that market and have been accessing it and we think it's very attractive. And in most cases, we've been able to extend or refinance existing mortgages that we have on our joint ventures. Look, I think in terms of the answer to your question, the JV partners would have to answer it in terms of how they thought about the returns that they were forecasting from the extensions that we committed to. But when we do our own math, and we shared some of it with you on this call, we think it's very attractive and it's very accretive to our company, and we think it makes a lot of sense. So our suspicion, as a result, is that these decisions that they made were more related to a change in strategy as opposed to a lack of enthusiasm for the return. I'd also just make an additional point on this. These are two different partners, and they come from a little bit different position. So the partner on 901 has been a long-term investor in that project, and they have been in it, and they have made a good return and has been very successful for them. So maybe it was a change in strategy, but it also might have been, look, we've been in this for a very long period of time. We've done fine. Maybe this would be a good time to exit. I think on the partner on the other two deals, Santa Monica Business Park and 360, definitely, they were newer to the JVs, and I think that clearly was more of a change in strategy.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So I'll turn it over to Mike for the second question. But in terms of the first question, I mentioned the yield that we bought this and the per foot that we bought the asset on a fee simple basis, we think that's very attractive pricing. We were able to derisk the asset materially through the extension of the anchor tenant, which leases 400-plus thousand square feet of the 1.2 million square feet. And also, we think that Santa Monica Business Park is a very interesting redevelopment opportunity for our company, and we're in the process of commencing that redevelopment process. And we think over a long period of time, it's going to be a very accretive asset to our company. So we are excited about the asset.
Owen Thomas: Well, as you said, as I mentioned in my remarks, I do think there will be opportunities that will present themselves for the company this coming year. And as you said, we will -- the joint venture partner more than likely using third-party capital, and we will be using our balance sheet to fund our joint venture interest in whatever we come up with. But it's -- again, we are receiving inquiries. We are looking at things, but we're not, I would say, advanced in anything at this time. But if we look at what we think will happen in 2024 versus illiquidity in the market in 2023, I think activity will be greater this coming year.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So Nick. Good morning, so there have been more office transactions in the fourth quarter. In my remarks, I gave some stats, and it was kind of interesting to me the percentage of the commercial real estate transactions that are going on from office increased materially in the fourth quarter to the third. So what's happening? I think there are more distressed players that are out there, buying assets at very low per square foot prices. Some of these assets are challenged physically, most of them are not very well leased. And I think those buyers are family offices, for example, they're smaller deals that don't need leverage. Because again, getting a secured mortgage for an office building is virtually impossible. And I think these buyers are just saying, look at this per square foot price, we think the market will ultimately recover, and we're in at a good basis. So I think that's the kind of market that's out there. Those aren't the kind of deals that we want to do. I mean we're looking for premier workplaces. We're looking for assets. They may not be fully leased. Maybe there are some challenges with it or an asset that we can make a premier workplace, and they're going to be larger and they're going to probably require funding from the financing market in some way. And I think there's much less competition for anything like that. And I think, hence, that's BXP's opportunity.
Owen Thomas: No, those are both correct. And that also has, as you know, 75,000 square feet of office and then some ancillary retail. And we're working on a couple of deals for the retail space. And we've got, I would say, a real prospect for about half of the office space that we're speaking to, but not at LOI stage with at this point in time.
Owen Thomas: I would tell you -- I didn't go through it this quarter because we had so much other stuff to go through. But the premier workplace data that I generally provide on this call shows accelerating distancing between premier workplaces and the rest of the market from a vacancy, net absorption and rental perspective. So at least at a high level, the trend to premier workplace continues to run unabated.
Owen Thomas: Yeah. I think it's a mix. As we've just described some partners that are trying to reallocate away from office. And -- but there are others that are interested, they're intrigued. I think they see the same opportunity that we do. You know that – you know there is the all of these negative sentiment about office is creeping into the premier workplace segment, which doesn't deserve it, given all of the color that we just gave you on this call. And I think there are investors, who have capital that see that and are interested in co-investing with us. And so in terms of pricing, I think it's to be determined. I think it depends a lot on the building, leasing status and what exactly the issues are. There's no doubt that pricing has changed. And we demonstrated what some of those changes are with the deals we did last quarter.
Owen Thomas: Floris, you're asking a very good but unanswerable question, and I'll explain why. We tried. I try every quarter to give all of you comparable market deals. So we all understand together what pricing is. And this quarter, I could not come up with one. The only one was the deal in West L.A., but it had a lease buyout, and I'm not sure it was per se, a comparable deal. We gave you some data on partner buyouts that we did. Each one of those deals have different facts. For example, the Santa Monica deal was an unlevered fee simple cap rate. Well, that's got an assumption in there about Land Valley. So how accurate and how usable is that cap rate, I don't know. But we did just give you 3 cap rates on deals in New York, West L.A. and Washington, D.C. on partners that we bought out. So that is some data. And then lastly, in terms of what would be interesting to us, we pay attention to what is the look through cap rate for BXP and what would be accretive to us. And today, I think that number is around 7.5%. And we need to -- if we're going to do things that need to accrete our earnings. And so we're going to be focused on that, look through cap rate as a guidepost for what we do.
Owen Thomas: I can't imagine you all want to hear any more remarks from us. So I thank you for your patience. This is a complicated quarter. We got through a lot of data. And again, thank you for your time and interest in BXP.
Michael LaBelle: And I would just add that a lot of what we're looking at is doing things more on a capital-light basis, and taking a lower percentage interest percentage potentially or entering assets in a different way and kind of similar to these transactions that we did, and this didn't require a lot of incremental capital. We took on a little bit, obviously, their share of the debt, but the overall impact on our leverage was very, very small with these transactions. And in fact, we've kind of delevered overall because we brought in the equity from the Cambridge transaction. Overall, we deleverage. We're -- we don't expect that we're going to increase our leverage significantly. And our goal is to kind of maintain it in a range that is pretty close to where we are. So I think that when we think about investments, we keep that in mind.
Michael LaBelle: So I'll start with that on the same-store question, which is really related to kind of the trends in our occupancy that we expect. So we gave the range of that. And our anticipation is the first half of the year has some of these larger expirations, there's one in New York City. There's one in Carney Center and then there's one in San Francisco, and Doug kind of described how big they were. And then the leasing that we have signed that are going into vacant space is more spread across. So my expectation is that you're going to see occupancy decline a little bit in the first couple of quarters, and then it's going to build back up through the year. And that's what's built kind of into our guidance ranges. And then obviously, our boundaries are kind of the upper and lower boundaries of what that year-end occupancy range that we provided is that Doug talked about. So that's kind of how we build that range. And I think that pretty much answers your question, Nick.
Michael LaBelle: So Camille, that was really in my notes, I kind of described that the deliveries in '24 are these deliveries we're talking about. And we don't expect '24 to have a really significant impact from those, but we do expect to have some leasing momentum in '24, with income starting in '25. So our expectation is that that's when we will start to see more revenue come from these buildings.
Michael LaBelle: The one other thing I would add is the performance of Reston Town Center. I mean again, the majority of our portfolio in the Greater Washington areas and Reston Town Center. And Reston is 94% leased, and we've had positive absorption there. In this past quarter, we did a 60,000 square foot new lease with a technology company coming from another place into Reston Town Center. Again, because it is such high quality kind of a live work play kind of place, and these clients really, really value that. So we're outperforming from a rental rate perspective, and we're seeing positive absorption there.
Michael LaBelle: And Peter, the loan is with a syndicate of banks who are relationship banks of ours. It does expire in 2025. And I'm confident that those banks will be supportive of us, and we will likely extend that loan for, I would say, a bridge period that will get us through the purchase of the ground lease. And after the purchase of the ground lease, because it's an above-market ground lease, there will be an improvement to the economics of the asset and we would probably do a longer-term refinancing after that or focus on a portion of the part that might be redeveloped, and then we could split it into a portion that is going to stay as is for a while in a portion where we might do a kind of mixed-use redevelopment.
