Douglas Linde: I'll start and, Mort, please, chime in if you think I'm being too aggressive here. I think what you heard us say, Chris, was that while we do feel that the macroeconomic conditions are not terribly robust, we continue to see a pretty strong growth trajectory in our core markets with regard to the locations and the tenants that are looking to be in the buildings where we operate. And so we're seeing on the margin an improvement in the conditions in those core markets. And that happens to be where the majority of our availability is. And so I would say, we're not in any sense changing our leasing perspective and focus because at the moment, we're not seeing any sense of change in our tenants' appetite for space other than, as I've said, potentially a slight slowdown in New York City. But again, that may very well just be summer.
Douglas Linde: That -- if I could answer you with great conviction, maybe I would be figuring out where interest rates are going, too. Our perspective is that the overall economic conditions are going to be a challenge for a while, but the overall U.S. economy will, in fact, work its way out of this mess that we are in but it's going to be a lot of the same as opposed to some sudden change. And so as long as the types of companies that are prospering today continue to have the revenue streams and the innovation and the margin improvement, on a relative basis, that they're seeing, we're not pessimistic about the ability to see growth in places like suburban Boston and Reston, Virginia and California, both in the Peninsula as well as in the city, and in Cambridge, Massachusetts and in the Back Bay of Boston and the Plaza District of Midtown Manhattan.
Douglas Linde: Sure. And I'll -- Ray, feel free to do the additive here. The majority of our government leases are long-term leases or they're sort of mission-critical locations. And I think that in the short term, what we're ultimately going to see is if there were a lease that were expiring, and we have very few other than the contract, continued stuff that's going on up in Annapolis Junction, that those leases would just simply be extended on a short-term basis because there's no ability for the U.S. Government to go out and put a prospectus out there for a long-term commitment. But I think that particular types of buildings that the GSA is leasing from us and the fact, for example, the DIA commitment. They just made it a 20-year commitment. Really don't put us at risk for any changes in our existing portfolio with regards to the U.S. Government.
Douglas Linde: I think that we are -- there is no immediate plans to sell the multi-tenant property in either D.C. or in Boston. We really like the product that we created. We really like the timing associated with our lease-up. We are -- we recognize that we are not as savvy an operator of these assets as a public real estate investment trust company or somebody who's got 12,000 units across the country, so we recognize there's some amount of big that we're losing there. But I think we like the growth prospects on the assets that we have from a rental revenue perspective, and we're going to have a wait-and-see decision. And if we are in a position where we are looking for capital and we're not sitting on big balances of cash, it may be an appropriate transactions to look at disposing of, but there's no immediate plan.
Douglas Linde: Sure. So Biogen signed this 15-year lease with us. Biogen has a 15-year lease with us. Biogen is in the process of determining how much of their current footprint is going to be in the suburbs and how much of it's going to be moved into Cambridge. And Biogen, once they've determined what the timing of that is and how much they're leaving, we expect we'll be looking to sublet that property on a long-term basis to other tenants.
Douglas Linde: My answer, Michael, would be that it certainly was for some of the distressed assets. I think the term distressed is no longer one that's used in sort of the normal course of describing the New York City office building market. And while there may be some buildings that are in and around the downtown market or in markets that are south of 42nd Street and off of Eighth Avenue, places like that where there may be some recapitalizations going on that I think are in line with your suggestion which is a building that really was being starved from capital suddenly has an opportunity to be more aggressive about leasing space because it now has the ability to do transactions. I mean, clearly, that was the case with Worldwide Plaza prior to the sales that come through from Deutsche Bank, there was nothing going on there. The majority of these other recaps are high quality buildings. The one building that I would say, again, was in that sort of dialogue and is not is 280 Park Avenue, with the ESSO green in Granado [ph] having recapitalized ineffectively. They are certainly in a position where they can do transactions. I'm not sure the building was ever out of the market, because I think everyone appreciated that given the location, that building would in fact have some capital come to it at a point in time when there was a real lease to be garnered there. So I think most of the buildings have gotten to the point where they are stabilized and are no longer -- there's no longer a have and a have-not list when tenant reps are bringing their clients through buildings in Midtown Manhattan.
Douglas Linde: I would tell you that I think they're all stubbornly high, because they're -- it's just where the market is. We are in our downtown markets, be it Boston, Washington, D.C., New York City or San Francisco, giving $65 plus or minus a square foot on second generation spaces. And in Washington, D.C., as shocking as it may sound, $90 to $100 a square foot is sort of the norm for a "new premier building." You're also getting a new premier rent, which is somewhere in the mid-50s on a triple net basis, so it goes sort of correspondingly hand in hand. The TIs haven't really pushed down significantly. The -- I think that the contribution that the tenants are putting into the spaces are starting to pick up again. So there was a point where tenants were saying, "Well, we really don't want to put any capital into the buildings and we really want you to do it." And because of the cost associated with redoing a floor for 10 years or more, there was not an insignificant amount of capital that would have to go in there. And at that point, some of the numbers were slightly higher, so you might have seen $70 or $75 a square foot in the San Francisco or Boston or New York City market. And it's come down slightly from that, but it's been pretty sticky. And then in the suburbs, in suburban Boston, suburban Washington, D.C., your still depending upon the transaction. If you're doing a 10-year lease, you could be at $50 a square foot. And it's the -- you got to have the perspective that as good as things have gotten relative to where they were, they're still, in almost every one of these markets, a double-digit mid-teens availability rate. So it is not a landlord's market from a demand perspective.
Douglas Linde: I would say we are very much bullish on Manhattan. I think we have recognized that be it the summer or be it the uncertainty in the world with regards to, in particular, how financial institutions are being reviewed and understood in terms of what their business models are going to be, there's sort of been -- sort of a slight pullback from those institutions. And while that is occurring, I don't think anyone is suggesting that the Manhattan market has gotten soft. It is just not as robust as it was 60 days ago. And as I said, the transaction activity in the month -- in the second quarter was fantastic. No leases were sort of put on hold because of what's going on in the world, but our sense is of that there is not this -- quite the sense of urgency that there was in January, February, March that there -- today in July of 2011 from tenants' perspective.
Douglas Linde: Alex, let me answer that question. There have been some sovereign funds that have gotten into this. So for example, GIC has gotten into a couple of these deals and bought the -- sort of the subordinated pieces of the money. CIC effectively is doing it, because they have investments in Bank of China and places like that. We have not seen any of the "Canadian sovereigns" or the Middle Eastern sovereign funds by themselves say, "We're interested in making loans." They're not -- at the moment, none of those companies are set up to originate loans. It may very well be that are giving money to some of their U.S. partners. So that an insurance company may have a pool of capital from a particular fund like that, that they are using to supplement their own particular lending strategy, but we have not seen direct investing from any of those folks.
Douglas Linde: The answer is we certainly -- we have certainly had conversations from people who were sniffing around the transaction and who were not chosen to go forward, who'd say' "Hey, if you ever sell the property again, we'd love to take a look at it." This is sort of where our bidding was, which we already knew where it was. At this point, we are not engaging in those conversations. We're engaging with tenants to try and reduce the amount of available space in the project. And again, if the moment is right and we think the right thing to do is to sell the asset, we'll -- we would execution at some point in the future.
Douglas Linde: I don't think anything has changed, Sri. The large tenants that were -- are looking at the West Side rail yards or the site across the Port Authority bus station or the Farley Building or the other " mega-sites." I'd soon have long-term perspective, and they want to be in New York City long term. And they're looking to consolidate or change the way they are using real estate, and they continue to be thoughtful about their alternatives are. We are competing with a group of tenants that are not looking at those types of buildings, because our delivery is going to be 2014-ish. And those other building deliveries are going to be 2016-ish or later for the most part, because they have to build platforms, in theory, before they get going. So we haven't really seen any meaningful change in the dynamic for those other potential competitive new developments in those locations in Midtown Manhattan or in -- or downtown.
Douglas Linde: And there are components that go into a convertible discussion that are not easy to put your finger on an answer on, which is so what's your stock price going to be in 5 or 7 years? What's the growth rate of your stock price going to be? And do you feel -- are you getting paid fairly for that option? And what's going to happen with your dividend? And if your dividend is going to be going up because your earnings are going to be going up, how does that impact the overall coupon on the convert and what that cost of capital is? So we're dealing with sort of a pretty complex set of issues. Big picture, we're going to take out the convert. If we think interest rates are going to be at a terrific level for a long time, we're less in a rush to do that. If we think that there's a choice -- chance that rates may possibly spike up a little bit, we're probably more inclined to do something. But it matures in less than 6 months, so it's going to happen in the next 2 quarters.
Douglas Linde: So David, this is Doug. Here will be my perspective. If you believe that the cuts that are going on in the New York City investment banks are a -- going to result in those people leaving the market and finding employment in some other parts of the United States, that would lead one to think that this is sort of a structural change and then therefore, things are lagging. Our view to date has been that the type of person who wants to live and work in New York City is more mobile than an institution and that in many cases, the cuts that are occurring are really not an elimination of a job per se but a decision to change the business focus of the institution and so that those people may in fact be able to find meaningful employment at other institutions or other start-ups or other midsized firms in Midtown Manhattan or downtown Manhattan but in the metropolitan area. So it's not necessarily a 0-sum gain when those people leave and that they may in fact be going someplace else. And when you have a -- for example, Nomura, as I understand, it is moving from 550,000 square feet to 900,000 square feet of space. Presumably, they're going to be hiring people. I don't know what kind of people they're hiring, if they're research people, if they're hiring asset management people, if they're hiring structures finance people, if they're hiring investment banks, but they're going to be hiring people. Similarly with Jefferies -- and again, what we saw in 2008 to 2009 when we sort of felt the first shoe like this drop when there was a major financial panic, a lot of the smaller institutions grabbed market share, and they grabbed people share by grabbing very smart, sophisticated, well-educated people who want to live in New York City and just were able to find another alternative to where they could work.
Douglas Linde: So you asked a couple of different questions in there. I don't personally think that the investment banks or the universal banks have been driving rent growth in Midtown Manhattan over the past 2 to 3 years. It's really been driven by the smaller financial institutions that have been growing and by smaller firms and the hedge funds and the private equity firms and some of the non-financials that have been making moves in and around the city. The -- I think we've been pretty consistent in our view, which is we don't think there's going to be tremendous rent growth in Midtown Manhattan in the short-term, because there's just enough available space, and there's not a lot of lease expiration growth occurring. But that doesn't mean there won't be pockets of rent growth, in particular, submarkets, in particular, classes of inventory, in particular, the high-quality premier buildings in places like the Plaza District, because we have, in fact, seen pretty strong rent growth in those markets over the past couple of years. With regards to cap rate and rental rate growth, I -- we have obviously not been successful at purchasing assets in Midtown Manhattan since we purchased 510 Madison Avenue, and we have been looking. I don't believe that the purchasers of those buildings are underwriting 30% or 40% rent growth over the next 1 to 2 years. I assume what they're doing is they're underwriting 5% or 7% or 10% little spikes here and there and then getting to 40% or 50% rent growth over a 7- to 9-year period of time, which quite frankly, is probably not unrealistic. It's a question of how it's weighted. That's really the most dramatic impact in terms of what that is. And then they're looking at overall investments in the world and how they think real estate in Midtown Manhattan's going to -- is going to fare in a very volatile economic environment, and I don't think those types of the things are going to change in the short term. And so even if there is a dropoff in payrolls at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America and Merrill Lynch and Barclays and JPMorgan and the other banks, investment banks out in the city. If, in fact, the Basel rules and the other Dodd-Frank stuff sort of impacts the way they're going to be operating their businesses, I don't get a sense that, that in and itself is going to impact cap rates as much as what would happen if interest rates spike dramatically. And that said, we feel pretty comfortable that interest rates are going to be low for a period of time.  Okay. Thank you, everyone. And we will -- have a great summer, we'll talk to you in the fall.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Yes. Frankly, I don't think we have a specific priority. And it really depends on the opportunities that we encounter and the credits on which those opportunities presented we would now have to take to do it on a multi-building basis. If we like the building, then we will, I think, most likely be doing it on a one-building-at-a-time strategy just because of the nature of the market that we are looking at.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, it's in part because we are capable of taking on additional market and we are looking to do it on terms that we would feel comfortable with, both in the immediate term and the longer term. And we have the capital to do it. At some point, we had full offices in all the markets that we are in. We think we are in a position because of the very, very, [indiscernible] absolutely, I don't -- can't think of a better way to do it. The very satisfying way that we came through the last couple years and the validity of the strategy that we followed, and we feel very good about it, we think we are capable of continuing to grow the company and not just in the markets that we are in. So we're not going to buy buildings that have 3% cap rates, don't get me wrong. But I think we're in a position to do things and particularly, if we can find another market that we like. And the markets, for example, in the other parts of the world do not have the kinds of cap rates that we have in this market. So it's an opportunity, we think, and we want to get involved if it's possible in another market that we think that has the main characteristics of the markets that we are in and can provide another platform from which to grow the company. We want to continue to grow the company and we -- it's not a smooth transaction world. They're almost all one-off and you just have to be out there looking for them and just trying to put them together, and that's what we're going to be doing. And we're going to try and do it at least in one other market and if we can come up with other sauces in there too. I don't think we have any sort of policy constraints that this thing is going to gain other than the fact that we want to be in certain kinds of markets and we want to be at the upper end of those markets. And that's what we're going to be looking for. They're not -- this is not going to be easy to come by. We think that there are a lot of people that now realize that it is the best place to be so we're just going to have to play the game and see if we get our opportunity or not. We will find out when we do play that game, sooner or later if we do come up with an opportunity.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, we certainly -- we look to Toronto and we spent a fair amount of time there, and we had potential opportunity there but there is a special tax provision there that maybe makes it much more difficult for us to go into that market because the income there has a fairly high tax, at least by our standards, I think it's 31% if memory serves. And that makes it very difficult to be competitive in terms of our investment in a market like Toronto. London is another thing. Again, we're looking at it. We want to develop an office there if we can get the kinds of properties that we would like. There are a lot of foreign investors who are very interested in going into the London market so nothing we're going to do there is going to be cheap, but we are intending to, if we can, build an operating platform there and see if we can continue to grow in that market as we have in the other markets that we've been in, which is a big point still, even more just theory than practice. We invested one particular situation, which at this point is not going forward for reasons of what our due diligence can invest. But having said that, there -- we still like the market and we're going to look around for additional activity within that market. The other thing that we find, frankly, is that -- and it's, in the way, if we go [indiscernible] but not totally. Boston Properties has a very good name recognition and reputation in these markets, and that helps us in terms of the possibility of expanding our reach. But we're going to be very careful and very selective about the markets that we go into if we do go into the market, because we do believe that the fundamental strategy that we followed so far is the strategy with the intent to follow it as we go forward.
Mortimer Zuckerman: I can't say. I don't think we ought to discuss that at this point since we're in the throes of that kind of conversation, and this would not be the appropriate forum in which we went through this on an leasee -- where we come out and talk about it at the next conversation. It's just not where we would want to have this kind of a conversation. It's not because we don't want to share it with you, but we're in dialogue with various people. We don't think we ought to have an open conversation about it.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, each market has its own sort of dynamic and cap rate. Frankly, I think we would have probably have a starting off yield in some of these other markets that would be higher than we would have if we were buying buildings just to stay at the current major markets that we are in just because of the nature of the way those markets play out. But they have different features, so we have to take it into account. What we are basically looking for are markets which -- in international cities with a big financial component, where we think we have comfort, in the long term, growth of those markets and appreciation of assets over time. I think we're in a position to -- and it's not easy to find these assets, but I think we are in a position, if we do find them, to make reasonably judicious acquisitions that will meet the kind of longer-term growth patterns that we expect from our investments. From our point of view, it's clearly another platform for growth, and we don't -- we're not going to very small cities or other cities that we don't think have the characteristics that we see in the markets we're in. So we just feel this is sort of another level of opportunity, and we're not being precipitous. We're going to move very carefully. And if we find a situation that we like, we'll move ahead and only under those circumstances. And we would, frankly, use the same standards in the markets we're in.
Mortimer Zuckerman: We think it's a very good market. It's very hard to get a significant position there. There are some very serious players there, and we have looked at it off and on for quite a long period of time. We analyzed that markets in various angles, and we have yet to find a way to break into it on a scale that makes sense. But we'd be very interested if you happen to know somebody who wants to sell a number of buildings there. But it's a very active local market, and we're -- we've just -- we've never been able to find something that we would like to go to on a scale that would make it worthwhile for us.
Mortimer Zuckerman: No, not necessarily, but I think we certainly feel slightly more comfortable in English than we do in almost any other language that's spoken on the continent. And both -- it's not just the language. It's the law and the customs, and we want to build operating platforms in these markets. So I think we're going to be fairly cautious in terms of where we would enter on a large scale at the beginning.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, we actually have taken that tack as well. I mean, we really have talked to other partners, because some of the transactions are very large in London. And I think we are a very good partner for some of these sovereign funds, and we would be -- and we already talked to them, and we would be very open to working with sovereign funds. We've done in the past, and we think it's a very good way to enter into these markets on the right scale. With regard to your point, it's absolutely valid.
Mortimer Zuckerman: Well, of course, it has an effect. I mean, what we sort of look at is, first, the property and the overall sense of what we think the yield on the property is. And what we have tried to do, and I think we've done it well so far, is to just make sure that we are very, very well capitalized as a company under current market conditions, where we think the interest rates are very attractive for a company like us. And we sort of want to make sure that we can do without having to worry about where the capital markets will be, that we can do some major acquisitions based on what our current sort of financial strength and liquidity make possible. And so we've been very, very conservative in that sense and happily so. We even -- we felt there was a big bubble in the market, as you may remember, back 5 years ago. We sold a lot of real estate. And we've been in great financial shape, and we're still open to selling some of our buildings depending on what prices we get, obviously. But I think what we're -- sort of if we had to sort of describe the strategy, I don't think we're not going to be for financing. We just want to make sure we have the corporate capability of taking on almost any major acquisition that would come along our way if we wanted to make that purchase, that we wouldn't have to worry about the ability to get financing nor would the sellers have to worry that we would have to be able to make it subject to financing. And we think that is a major competitive advantage in trying to buy these buildings, and that's something we're -- we positioned ourself to take advantage of it, and we will continue to position ourself to take advantage of it.  Well, if there are no further questions, perhaps it would be timely just to thank you all for taking the time to listen to our sort of quarterly performance and talked again about where we think the markets are and where we think our growth is going to be. And we look forward to continuing this certainly in response to our next quarter, and I thank you all for taking the time to join up with us.
Michael LaBelle: I mean, I think -- I'm still confident that the CMBS market will work its way out. I think that this is -- they have experienced, over the past kind of 6 to 8 weeks a little bit of growing pains in coming back from where they were during the crisis and people looking very closely and some concern over the quality of what is in some of these portfolios, some thinness in the investor base, where you have a 1 or 2 that may decide they're not going to play, and it kind of affects a deal. But I do believe that, that market will have a place in financing commercial real estate and office buildings. On the life insurance company side, they will compete with each other as well as with the foreign institutions that come in. And before we had significant amounts of CMBS, they competed with each other, and there were competitive spreads that were -- if you look at historic standards, their spreads were not ever tremendously outside of where they are today. If you look back 5, 6, 7 years and you think about somewhere around 200 basis points as a credit spread for a life insurance company on high-quality mortgage, pretty much in line with where the history and the expectations are and where we are currently. So I feel like there's plenty of capital that those companies need to put out. I think the challenge today is financing higher leveraged assets and financing assets that are in tertiary markets or lower quality assets. For our stuff, when we go and talk to the insurance companies or the foreign banks, we are right in their target market. So we have plenty of bids to come out and -- look, even for an asset the size of 601 Lexington Avenue, which is a big loan where you need multiple insurance companies, and you think about it. Well, there's probably only 7 or 8 insurance companies that can really play in that, but that was enough to create a competitive environment so that we -- we were able to get ourselves a pretty competitive and attractive transaction. And if we were doing that again today, I would think that we would have a similar dichotomy of separate life insurance companies and foreign banks that were willing to compete and bid for those loans.
Michael LaBelle: Well, I think that -- we have this discussion pretty constantly around here given the attractiveness of the capital markets. As we look at the level of treasury rates, certainly and the coupons available in the convert market versus the bond market, I mean, both are potentially attractive places for us. We do believe that the right thing for us to do is to refinance this debt. We do believe it's going to be put to us, so we're expecting that we will be refinancing this debt. We haven't made a decision on what type of debt to use. I would say that longer term is better. So one of the negatives about the convert market is that it's typically shorter term versus a bond market, where we've accessed debt in the 10- to 12-year marketplace. Although as we look at our maturity profile and you look at 2018, 2018 is a very attractive window for us to potentially layer in some debt whether that be a 7-year unsecured bond that would have a very, very low coupon, based upon what the 7-year treasury rate is today. Or you can do a 7-year convert if you wanted to. And we're going to compare those 2 and think about those things as we consider making this decision and the timing of this decision, which is also reliant upon our view of where the market is and where rates are going to go in the short term. So maybe we'll do something sooner rather than later. I mean, we could wait 3, 4, 5, 6 months as well depending on what our view of what the capital markets is over that intervening timeframe.
Michael LaBelle: Well, the construction loans are on our JV developments. So it's 500 North Capitol, and it is the Annapolis Junction 6 project. So both of the requirements for those loans is very small. On our behalf, it's something like less than $50 million for those. So our -- we will build up our cash position to $1 billion. There's probably maybe less than $100 million of spend on the other development properties through the end of the year, so I would expect somewhere around $900 million by the end of the year is a good estimate.
Michael LaBelle: I mean, I think that we've been pretty pleased with our ability to use the ATM, especially in conjunction with the acquisitions that we made. We made $1.5 billion of acquisitions, so we thought it was prudent for us to go and utilize the $400 million that we put in our initial program. Given our success with that, we thought it was a good idea to put a new program up. We think it's a great tool to have, and we think that it's probably a tool we'll keep in our set on a consistent basis. Our use of it is really going to be reliant upon what we -- what our expectations are for acquisitions. We're very comfortable with our liquidity and our capital structure based on a kind of steady-state basis. But if we really see the opportunity to put more capital out, that's going to be the driver behind potentially using that some more. So as we investigate those opportunities, we will consider utilizing that ATM in line with those types of investments.
