Doug Linde: Alex, this is Doug. Almost all of it is "open," and those tenants are just not paying. And as you're probably aware, we don't have much that we can do other than start the legal process with regards to that. But our numbers and everything that Mike and I just talked about assumes no revenue from any of those tenants in 2020. So as we relet it or as they come to the table and start to pay, there's upside, obviously, there. But we have no sense of how long it's going to take us to move through the process.
Doug Linde: Under Armour is a tenant that's paying their current rent, and they're a company that raised a significant amount of capital in the last quarter. And they have a pretty significant revenue base. So we believe Under Armour is a viable, strong retailer.
Doug Linde: Yes. Yes. So let me break those two apart, Alex. So Fourth and Harrison, this is a project we've been working on for many years. We have full entitlements for the first phase, which is 0.5 million feet. So we have all the Prop M. It's designed and before the pandemic occurred, we were going to proceed. So with the pandemic, we've put the project on pause to wait to see what market conditions are going to be. We had an option on the site. We think the value that we acquired the site for is attractive, whether it be a pandemic world or a nonpandemic world. And then on our additional investment in L.A., as you know, we've been talking a lot about trying to grow in LA, we've talked a lot about our perimeter, which included El Segundo. We have been looking at lots of deals there, and we've also had, frankly, a long-term conversation with Continental Development Corporation, who's our partner and the leading property company in the local market. And we were in discussions on this joint venture before the pandemic. And given our interest in going to El Segundo, given our relationship with Continental and given our confidence, as I described in my remarks of the return to the office business, we elected to proceed with that modest investment in the site on Rosecrans Avenue in El Segundo.
Doug Linde: Look, Steve, I think our office portfolio is in great shape. It's well occupied. It's paying. It's strong companies. I mean you've seen the portfolio of tenants that we have. And the vast majority of those tenants are not their revenues have not been significantly impacted like the retail companies are. So the vast majority of this stuff is retail. We did complete a full scrub of our tenants. We were very thoughtful about recording charges where we thought it was appropriate based upon the credit nature of the tenants and their payment history in the last four months, I guess. And that included both our office tenants and our retail tenants. So that was everybody. There are some of these tenants that we entered into rent deferral deals with, where we think it's credit good. So we're straight-lining that rent deferral, and we expect to get that rent. And we've reviewed those credits, and we felt confident about that. There's others that we said we're not so confident. So we're going to record it on a cash basis. So I can't tell you if there's going to be additional future charges or not, we don't expect there to be future charges based upon our analysis and our view. But it's really not possible to kind of fully predict what the length of this pandemic is, what the impact on the economy is. And that may result in additional challenges for some of our tenants. But at this point, we feel we've done a really strong job of looking at our whole tenant base and being really thoughtful about what we took.
Doug Linde: So it varies, obviously, by tenant. I'd say, the vast majority of these tenants, we're getting back within the next 24 months. So it's 2021 and '22 kind of payback. The other thing I would add is that we did extensions with many of these tenants, and we're going to probably get in addition to getting the payback, we're going to get probably 50%-plus more because we extended the leases by three months, by six months, by sometimes a year. So we took we did take advantage of the opportunity and try to improve the overall lease terms when we were facing the situation of helping out our clients that were having some cash flow difficulties.
Doug Linde: And as an industry, this is Doug speaking, we have five or six different operators. We're current on almost every one of them, which obviously is good news. And as Mike said, we spent a lot of time reviewing financial statements for all of these operators. And while we're not sure what their short-term revenue prospects are at the moment, we're reasonably comfortable that we're going to continue to get paid.
Doug Linde: So Mike, I think, said that about 5.5% of our tenant square footage rolls over in 2021. And there are no significant tenants that are rolling out at that point. The largest one that I believe that's occurring over the next six months is a company called AECOM, that's moving out of about 250,000 square feet of space in Princeton, New Jersey, and we do not have a backfill for that. Again, that's obviously part of our numbers that we were describing in terms of our revenue for the remainder of the year. And we have some 50,000 or 60,000 square foot tenants that have a floor or two across the portfolio in Boston and across the portfolio in San Francisco that have expirations, and in many cases, we'll likely renew them. In some cases, they'll grow, in some cases, they'll shrink and in some cases, they'll not stay in the portfolio. But we're I'd say, in general, our ability to retain tenants picks up when economic conditions in the economy suffer because people are unsure of wanting to spend a lot of capital to relocate. And that obviously enures to the landlord. So typically, our recapture rate improves over time during those periods of time.
Doug Linde: Yes. What I would say is that to date, we've seen nobody looking to pull a building permit to do anything in their offices. And we have a number of tenants who are obviously looking at the buildings under construction, and we have seen nothing change in the way they're configuring their space. Look, I think that they're all saying, "We need to understand how long this is going to last? What the expectations are going to be from a governmental perspective with regards to density going forward? And what are the patterns of our workers going to be going forward? And then we can start thinking about how we might reposition our TIs." But the base building infrastructure and the general layout of the floors are not going to be significantly impacted where the buildings have any inability to accommodate whatever the changes might be that they choose to make. And it may very well be that it's the utilization of furniture that really solves the problems for them in terms of how they change the configuration because, obviously, most of the deals that we are doing now are with technology companies, and those technology companies generally don't have a lot of, at the moment, perimeter offices, but they do have lots of "hollow rooms" and conference rooms and then other collaborative areas. And again, they use furniture, in many cases, to sort of figure out how to divide and utilize those spaces.
Doug Linde: So this is Doug. So the answer is, it's not affecting the market yet because there's nobody out in the market looking for space. It will affect the market and rents will be lower. The fact is that San Francisco is not the strongest market that we have in our portfolio right now. The greater Boston market is a stronger relative market than San Francisco given what has happened from an employment perspective in San Francisco relative to the Massachusetts market, obviously, given the extensive life science community that is here and the ancillary businesses that surround it. There's just there's more stability right now in the greater Boston market than there is in San Francisco.
Doug Linde: There are relatively few active requirements of tenants that are looking for new space that are different than, "Hey, can you give us a six month extension? Can you give us a one year extension? Can we extend our lease by 15 months?" I mean that's what we're dealing with, not with tenant that's out in the market, wants to move, is thinking about reconfiguring their space and they are soliciting proposals for a relocation, right? I mean it's just those are few and far between. And so without having activity, it's hard to reset pricing because there's no pricing to reset, too.
Doug Linde: Yes. So we have pretty good data for all of our CBD buildings in Boston, all of our CBD buildings in New York City and a portion of our CB deal billings in San Francisco. And on any given day, those buildings are running under 10%. And in many days, they're running 6% to 8%. And similarly with the suburban locations. As I said to you before, I think that the business leaders in our portfolio are heating the and respecting the desire of the governmental authorities to ask people to work from home wherever possible. And that is going to continue until there is a more sustainable reduction in the spread rate across the economy. And as we look into the fall, I don't think September is going to bring a meaningful change. Could the number go up from 8% to 10% at 10% to 15%? Sure. But it's not going to be at a level that is going to make us feel like that everyone is back to work until, as Owen said, the virus has shown some degree of maintenance from a vaccine and a therapeutics perspective.
Doug Linde: Yes, the so the number was 1.5 million square feet, and there's about 500,000 square feet of space that we believe is going to stay. So the number has declined. And the ones that we know about are have been known for a long time, meaning a number of months, if not years.
Doug Linde: We're we can't we have not bid anything on a base building basis of significance in the last, call it, three months. On the larger capex projects that we're doing across the company, we're seeing reductions of a minimum of 5% and sometimes more. As the pipeline for future business starts to get shallower for the construction industry, we believe that there will be competitive pressures, not unlike what we're going to see with regards to rental rates. That are going to drive the contractors and the subcontractors to be more hungry for business and, therefore, lower their margins and put us in a position where we're seeing reductions in the rate of escalations as opposed to increases on an annual basis. So we won't know for until we actually did something. And we have right now, nothing is sort of in the pipeline to be bid.
Mike LaBelle: And Alex, there's only two tenants that are bankrupt, Ann Taylor, which I spoke of, and there's also 24 Hour Fitness. So we have a 24 Hour Fitness at 601 Lexington in New York City, and that's part of the write-off. It's a couple million dollars. They are going to vacate that space. And we have a unit also in Santa Monica, and we're not clear what they're going to do with that space.
Mike LaBelle: So I do not believe it will require a special dividend of that money. And the primary reason is that, obviously, our cash flows are lower because of the loss of all the revenues we've been talking about from the hotel and the retail and the parking. So that creates room in our current dividend. With regard to reinvestment of the Capital Gallery money, which is about $250 million of the $300 million, we've got to identify something in the next, I think, 20 days or something like that. And there's nothing that we are focused on right now. So I would consider it to be a relative low likelihood that we would find something for that at this point. So that would come out and just add to our liquidity. The rest of the money that is in restricted cash is basically security deposits and stuff like that for tenants. So that doesn't have anything to do with any of the 1031s. And the 1031 money from the deals in the first quarter have already been invested in Fourth and Harrison. So there's nothing left in restricted cash for that. I don't know, Doug, if you Doug and I don't want to respond on investments at all, but no. Okay.
Mike LaBelle: And Vikram, thanks for your question. I just we spoke on the first quarter call about our coworking exposure in total, and there was an accrued rent balance associated with coworking tenants that was roughly $30 million. So we've mentioned that in the first quarter. That still exists. We did a full analysis of WeWork, and we're comfortable with their credit based on that analysis and the liquidity and the financial support that they have.
Mike LaBelle: And with respect to Starr Indemnity, which is C.V. Starr, there continue to be a tenant at 399 Park, there's been no change in their lease. The only reason they moved off is that other tenants moved up. And that's primarily Microsoft. Because Microsoft took on, as I said, a portion of the space we leased to them in Reston, they took immediately because that space was available. So they moved up the list.
Mike LaBelle: Well, I think the biggest thing that affected NOI was the $15 million of accounts receivable charge-off, right, from a charge perspective because that was expected to be paid, right? Whereas the accrued rent would leak in over a long period of time. So I mean, some small percentage of that, I suppose, would have been allocated to 2020. But most of it would be spread through the life of these leases. So it's really the $15 million from the retail side that would be ongoing until these tenants either make it, then they start paying us or they don't make it, and we have to replace them.
Mike LaBelle: So this is Mike. So the to answer your last question first, I guess, it's really an accounting judgment. And the NAREIT worked with FASB to give people kind of a shortcut to be able to put deferrals up on accounts receivable instead of straight-lining them like we would in normal lease modification, provided that deferral did not result in a change a material change in the overall amount of rent that was being paid by that tenant. So basically, if you're just saying somebody, you don't have to pay for the next three months, but you pay double rent for the three months after that, there's no change in the lease. And companies could do that and just put the three months on accounts receivable, the cash income, and then when it gets paid, relieve the receivable. The vast majority of the stuff that we did, we had lease extensions that we wanted to get out of these things. So we made the election that we're just going to treat these all like lease modifications. And so we basically straight-lined every single one of them. We took the reduction in our cash same-store for the deferral period, and we're going to have higher cash same-store later because of these deals. That's how we decided to do it. We thought that was the most appropriate way. With respect to the breakdown, I mean, there was a few office tenants. The vast majority of number of these tenants were retail tenants. And most of it was deferral. Only 20% or 25% of this was kind of an abatement in total, and the majority of it is deferral. There is some additional deferral that will come later in the year because some of these were longer than a three deferral. So right now, I would expect another next quarter to have a similar it's a little bit less, but somewhat similar deferral that we have this quarter. And we it's possible we could do additional activity. We talked about the restaurants and doing percentage rent with those tenants for a further period of time. So that's kind of where we are with that. And again, most of this gets paid back over the next couple of years. And we did extensions with most of these tenants. So the overall rent that we're going to be getting over the terms of these leases is significantly higher than just getting the rent deferral back. And that was a big part of what we wanted to do to, again, just secure the longer-term lease, so we don't have to deal with downtime or transaction costs in the future.
Mike LaBelle: No. Leidos was they basically were in two buildings at once because they moved into their new building right at the end of the quarter, and they were still in their old building, and now they're out of the old building and they're only in the new building. That's in Reston Town Center, where we relocated them and expanded them. So that was it had all to do about that transition and nothing to do with any changes in lease term.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Yes. So let me break those two apart, Alex. So Fourth and Harrison, this is a project we've been working on for many years. We have full entitlements for the first phase, which is 0.5 million feet. So we have all the Prop M. It's designed and before the pandemic occurred, we were going to proceed. So with the pandemic, we've put the project on pause to wait to see what market conditions are going to be. We had an option on the site. We think the value that we acquired the site for is attractive, whether it be a pandemic world or a nonpandemic world. And then on our additional investment in L.A., as you know, we've been talking a lot about trying to grow in LA, we've talked a lot about our perimeter, which included El Segundo. We have been looking at lots of deals there, and we've also had, frankly, a long-term conversation with Continental Development Corporation, who's our partner and the leading property company in the local market. And we were in discussions on this joint venture before the pandemic. And given our interest in going to El Segundo, given our relationship with Continental and given our confidence, as I described in my remarks of the return to the office business, we elected to proceed with that modest investment in the site on Rosecrans Avenue in El Segundo.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Why don't I talk a little bit about the industry, which we have mentioned before? Look, I think, clearly, given the recession and given the pandemic, which is forcing spacing, that creates a challenging environment for the coworking model, which has generally been based on selling a product per seat as opposed to per square foot. So that being said, long term, we believe in the product, because we believe the customers will want it. We think there will be retail demand from individuals, particularly given this recession and the number of people that will be out of work. We see it in our own FLEX by BXP offering. We see the interest in small customers that are interested in getting space quickly. And increasingly, we see interest from enterprise customers who want some flexibility in the procurement of a small percentage of their space. So long term, we think the product is here to stay. And the question is, who is going to be providing that and who is going to get through this pandemic most successfully? And if you look at WeWork, specifically, we have an important relationship with them. They are backed by SoftBank. They have significant capital on their balance sheet. They have new leadership. And again, you never know exactly what's going to happen, but I think and they have 50% market share, and I think they have a great opportunity if they manage well through this pandemic to be successful over the long term.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So we as you know, we have done this in the past. We have significant joint ventures with Norges, with CPP, that we've done for past acquisitions and also past capital raising. We maintain a very active dialogue in the private equity market. As you know, the private equity market is larger than the public equity market for real estate. And we are working with these partners looking at acquisitions. We want to extend our capital further. Obviously, we're not going to be we want to maintain our current leverage levels, and we're not going to be issuing equity to raise capital. So we're basically raising equity to do some of these deals on a partial basis with private partners. And the other benefit that we get from that is it does add additional yield to our capital given the fees that are involved. So I think as we continue as we as I described, pivot to offense and start to look and are looking at opportunities during the pandemic, things that are value-added existing buildings, I think it's likely we'll be doing those with private equity partners.
Owen Thomas: Yes. I think definitely, right now, employees that are back at work do not want to work close to one another. There's no question about that. So clearly, in open spaces, that's where a lot of the spacing has occurred so that six feet at a minimum distancing is maintained. So that's why when we talk about the various impacts to office demand going forward, this reversal of densification, I do think is going to be important because even in a world where COVID-19 is much less prevalent than it is today, I do think health security is going to be very much on the minds of it's going to be on our minds, and it's going to be on the minds of our customers. And I do think dense layouts are going to be much less well received by employees for health safety reason.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So Michael, so the just to start with the part-time aspect and what impact that could have on space demand, when you say that's going to be a headwind to space demand, which it could be, you also are assuming that the employees are going to: one, schedule when they're going to be out of the office; and two, be prepared to be in a flexible workspace. Otherwise, there's no savings. And I'm not suggesting that all our customers or some of our customers won't do that, they probably will. But that is an additional challenge. I do think a lot of the types of workers that we have in our buildings when they think about work from home, I think they feel that they want to do that on their schedule and when they come to the office that they have a workstation. And if that's your configuration, there's no savings on space. Now to go to the second part of your question, which is to how to quantify all this? Look, I think it's difficult. I mean that's why I mentioned that there are these four factors out there. I actually think the most important factor right now in the short term is the recession. That's what's driving most of the challenges that we're seeing in the office market conditions, it's the recessionary effects. So any acquisition that we are going to be and we are that we are currently or will look at, we're going to be very conservative on where market rents are and what their growth prospects are. And it's not just driven by this balance that you suggest between work from home and densification, it's driven by the whole menu that I described. And most importantly, I think, recessionary effects in the short term.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Michael, I think it's a challenging question just to answer definitively because every business has different characteristics, different ownership, different dynamics that are going on. I think the evidence what we can go on is the evidence that we see. And the evidence that we see, particularly, say, for example, here in the New York area, is the commutable residential locations are have very strong market conditions because with COVID-19 being an accelerant, individuals, young families who were maybe considering leaving the city, they're saying, "Okay, this is now maybe the time to do it." But I do think a lot of these locations are commutable and I think that we're not seeing a lot of companies saying, "We're going to move to Westchester, to New Jersey to chase this talent pool." I think the talent pool is looking at locations where they're going to be able to commute back into New York and go to work. So that's what we see right now.
Owen Thomas: Yes. No, Doug, I think you covered it. I would just add, again, it's to me, it's all about the virus because it's and I think businesses, business leaders are going to be reticent to make financial commitments until they have some feel for the course of the virus. We've already had, I guess, a first spike in certain areas of the country, but certainly a second spike across the whole U.S. The vaccine looks like there's good progress that's being made, but there's nothing definitive yet. And so I just don't see activity returning until there's a business leader has some better definition around when the recovery can happen more in earnest.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Be aware, if you go around our portfolio, there's regulation on this as well. Boston and New York are at 50%, D.C. area is at 25% and California and New Jersey are closed. So there's also those caps as well. I think you'll have a tick up. My guess is you'll have a little bit of a tick up after the summer after Labor Day. I do hear that. But I agree with Doug. I don't think it's going to go back to "anything close to normal," but I think it will get above certainly where we are right now.
Owen Thomas: I let's when you say lower, I'm going to assume you're talking about prepandemic levels. I think that you have to look to answer the question, I think you have to think about the characteristics of the building. So I think if you've got a building in an innovation market that has very little lease rollover to a credit to A or several credit tenants, I think those kinds of buildings' cap rates will definitely hold and they could go down. I think buildings that have more lease rollover, that's where cap rates are probably not going to go down and probably are going to go up because there's more uncertainty about dealing with that rollover. What is the market rent? What's if there's a move out, what's the time for the releasing of that space given some of the market uncertainties that we've described on this call? So I think the answer to your question lies in what's the characteristics of the building.
Owen Thomas: Yes. Well, the our strategy is always to be in the best cities, have the best locations and try to have the best properties and to serve the customers that are the most active at the time that want to be in those locations and in those buildings. And today, as we've been talking about, life science as well as tech is a very strong has a very strong demands for new office space. So and the good news is, as I described in my remarks, we already have a foothold in this business, given the buildings that we have, the biopharma tenants that we have in the development portfolio that we have that we think we can execute upon in the years ahead. I gave the figure of five million square feet of potential development. Again, that's over a longer period of time. The company today is over 50 million square feet, if that gives you some magnitude toward the question that you asked.
Owen Thomas: Well, I think the key will be the tenant activity. I mean we're actively attempting to speak with customers to prelease all or a portion of that building now. So those I would not say that describe those conversations, it's robust, given the environment that we've described on this call. But it will be driven by the demand that we see in the marketplace. And then, of course, given the Doug might want to talk about this given recessionary effects on construction costs that could be a benefit to our economics of the project.
Owen Thomas: We did get asked that earlier. I'll summarize again quickly. We acknowledge that the current environment is a challenge for coworking, given that we have a recession and given that physical separation requirements are difficult for a business that you're trying to sell by the seat versus the square foot. That being said, we have confidence in the coworking model over the long-term because we think it will continue to be attractive to various customer bases, including individuals, small business and larger enterprises. The existing coworking operators are clearly going through a challenging period given the pandemic. But as we specifically look to WeWork, they have a 50% market share. They have several billion dollars on their balance sheet, they have new leadership, and they have the banking of SoftBank. We have a strong relationship with them, and we think they have a great chance of being successful over the long-term in that business.
Owen Thomas: Okay. I think that concludes all of our remarks. I'd like to thank everyone for their attention this afternoon. Thank you.
