Owen Thomas: That’s alright. And I think the basic fundamental philosophy down there is that we have been able to find the real niche with the pharma, biotech and some other industrial companies, many of whom are growing and we have been able to both capture additional occupancy, as well as additional users where we are building a building as an example for NRG right now and our plans are, at the moment to continue to have a thriving 2.5 million square foot campus, where we have growing tenants though where we hope to see rising rents and we can accommodate future growth.
Owen Thomas: I think what we are seeing is exactly what we would have anticipated seeing with regards to the building. This building is in the premier office address in San Francisco at this point. And given the relatively higher rents that we are asking relative to other parts of the city and other properties, we anticipate that the market demand would be geared towards the financial services companies with lease expirations driven occupancy needs. And so I think we are seeing exactly what we would have expected to see.
Owen Thomas: Yes. So, we have had as you know now several quarters/years of I would say very strong capital market conditions, particularly for Class A assets. And from all the evidence that we have of deals that we are involved in and deals that we watch, that market conditions still exists. However, I made the comment, because there have been a few new things that have happened over the last quarter. We had some clear market volatility, downdraft in the equity markets in August, which is now recovered, but clearly the volatility levels are higher. I am sure that’s had impact on some investors. We are closer to the end of the year. So, everyone has got a different belief on what interest rates are going to go, but we are closer to a possible December rate hike. And then lastly and anecdotally, a lot of what we see and what we hear from the industry, there is a significant pipeline of assets for sale, both office assets and other asset classes currently in the market. So, I just make the point, again, we have no specific deal evidence of change, but there are a few of these moving currents, which could have some impact on it and we will have to see.
Owen Thomas: We have obviously been watching our stock price, Jed and we talk about it and we have even addressed it with kind of our board and talked about it. And our view is that we have got a great use of capital for our developments. If you look at our liquidity and you look at our capacity, which is actually significant given our leverage, we certainly have capacity, but then you look at the impact, the accretion impact of doing a share buyback of $1 billion or $1.5 billion or even $2 billion and it’s not that meaningful to us given the fact that we think we are going to have alternative investment opportunities and continue to have new development given our shadow pipeline over the next few years. So, we don’t want to give up that capacity for some sort of short-term gain when we have great opportunity in the future.
Owen Thomas: Sure, I will give a couple of brief remarks and then I will let Bob describe it. So we purchased an option or we entered into an option agreement on Fourth and Harrison and we have done our – we made our preliminary submission for the city and there area a series of entitlements. And I will let Bob describe them in more detail that need to be garnered in order to start that project. One of them is referred to as the Central SoMa plan, the other one is a Prop M allocation. And Bob you can describe sort of the timeframes associated with going to that process.
Owen Thomas: The thought process of the sale was that was the preference of our clients. And in my comments, I mentioned a gain, which I think is $78 million.
Owen Thomas: Well, I think it’s another indication as we were talking about earlier of the interest in both offshore and we also see interest from offshore investors, but I think it’s another example of offshore investors being very interested in high-quality U.S. real estate in core markets. And I think that there is also I think increasingly – increasing interest on some sovereign wealth part – some funds part not on all and moving up somewhat in the risk curve and trying to achieve higher return while we are taking the risk and I think this investment like Qatar in that project is an example of it.
Owen Thomas: So I think I have said this previously and it will be a consistent message, which is as a little inflation as the Fed is and others are seeing in parts of the consumer economy. Construction market in San Francisco, Boston, Washington, DC and New York is seeing significant inflation defined as right now somewhere around 6% plus per year. And so we are doing everything we can to make deals and do our bidding sooner rather than later and do buyouts on long-term lead items and get our drawings in a position where we can do that thoughtfully as quickly as possible. And we build all of that inflation into the budgets that we provide you. So a budget that for a building that’s going to commence in 2016 or ‘17 will have built in inflationary creep in the hard cost numbers to take care of what we consider to be a reality of the market today.
Owen Thomas: So Ian, my comment to you would be as follows, which is I think the thing that we first look at is we look at the amount of venture capital led investment that’s occurring in the various markets in the country and how that measures vis-à-vis the last four quarters or five quarters in years and what it sort of looks like historically and because that sort of where a lot of it starts particularly on the tech side. And then we expect that there will be failures that the changes that are occurring in the technology space and the number of entrants into various product categories are not single. And so as an example, in the mobile payment system, there are five or six tech companies that have all either attempted to go public or are moving towards that direction and have aligned themselves with other tech companies. And in my opinion, they are not all going to be successful, right. So Samsung has their own pay, Apple Pay is out there, PayPal is out there, Visa has a product, Square has a product, they can’t all possibly be on every mobile payment service in every retailer in the country because it’s just too many of them. And so we anticipate that there are going to be failures. And so when we look at things like layoff at Twitter or other blowups, on a one-off basis those are the types of things that don’t worry us. Where we start to see significant layoff due to global economic concerns and major changes in what’s going on from a GDP perspective, that’s where I think we would start to feel really uncomfortable about the demand characteristics of that particular marketplace. And it’s really hard to sort of see with the canary in the coal mine is on that in the current environment. I would just add to that. Look, I think there are metrics that we can all look at. I think the venture capital investing historically versus rents is certainly an interesting one. But I think we also rely heavily on what just what is our expense on a day-to-day basis in the marketplace. I mean given the portfolio that we have and the insights that we have and what’s going on in the market, we have watched with some wonder over the last couple of weeks, all of the negative press and commentary about the San Francisco market when our actual experience is completely inverse of it as Doug and Bob described.
Owen Thomas: Look, we will continuously be evaluating our portfolio for assets that would be in non-core areas. Some examples of that that we – of assets like that, that we have sold over the last few years have been some of our Suburban Boston, outside of the Waltham assets, some of our suburban Maryland assets. We – to sell, we not only we have to determine if they are non-core, but they also have to be leased at a level and has to be a strong enough capital market where we feel like we are getting an attractive price to exit. So what we are going – what we did at this year and what we are going continue do in ‘16 is to continue to look at those assets, see what the leasing status is, see what the market conditions are and see if we have an opportunity to sell those assets at an attractive level for shareholders.
Owen Thomas: Well, what we have tried to do following on our last call was to put out a slide in our recent Investor Relation materials and also, Doug and I and Mike spent a fair amount of time trying to describe it today. We are obviously not putting out ‘17 numbers, but what we tried to do is say for these – for a select group of assets that are again shown in the slide in our IR material, we think that the same-store NOI for those assets. And these are the ones that are – many of them are experiencing a downdraft and then an updraft. But for those assets, we see an $80 million increase in same property NOI from ‘15 to 2017. And then we also wanted to point out as we have been describing and as you have discussed, we have a very active development pipeline and portfolio. And if you do the math on that, with our projections, we believe that we will add an additional $72 million in annualized NOI from our development portfolio by the end of 2017. So, those are the numbers that we are using now to hopefully give you some feel for what 2017 could look like albeit I recognize it’s an incomplete picture.
Owen Thomas: As I mentioned earlier, another question came up about that. It was the preference of the client to purchase the site and own the buildings versus us continuing to own the buildings and lease them. So that was the driver.
Owen Thomas: Well, that concludes our questions. Thank you very much for your time and attention when we look forward to seeing many of you in NAREIT in a few weeks. Thank you very much.
Ray Ritchey: Thanks, John. First of all, in TSA, obviously we are involved in a protest there. So, it’s like we will not comment on that except to say that we would not file the protest, if not we didn’t feel good about our position. Number two on GSA in general, you may have saw where DOJ just signed a lease for over 800,000 square feet on a to-be-built complex here in the NoMa District of Washington, and I think that’s indicative of the fact that current landlords or existing landlords have a hard time meeting the space allocation needs. And that these larger requirements more likely than not will be forcing new development. And as we control several sites that would be responsive that we are encouraged that that maybe the case. Having said that, we are still aggressively pursuing renewals at a number of our buildings where leases expire in ‘16 and ‘17 and because of the strategic nature of those specific buildings, we feel really great about the renewal prospects for our buildings.
Ray Ritchey: We have got rollover at the end of the year with Gateway. We have got the rollover at 601. So, my anticipation is that it will go down at the beginning of the year and then it will grow through the years. So, we could be sub-91% at the end of the year, beginning of the year and then kind of grow up closer to 92% through towards the end of the year.
Ray Ritchey: Thanks, Alex. The original density of additional development pad in the Town Center per se was acquired where we bought the first space 2.5 years ago. And we have been going the last two years to position that asset for development and it’s really a two-phase asset. The first as we talked about today is the 508 and the 20,000 square feet of commercial space, 508 units of residential, but we are also working on another office tower that will be approximately 270,000 square feet and we are taking steps to put that in position as well. And then of course, we still have the Gateway side, which has the potential of upwards of 3 million to 3.5 million square feet of space in mixed use development that will be forthcoming when Metro comes. So, Reston is great today, it will be even greater in the future.
Ray Ritchey: Well, Tom, on the multifamily, specifically to Reston and wherever multifamily is part of a mixed use development, we tend to hold on to those, because we want to control the environment for our office and retail tenants as well. So, in places like the Back Bay or certainly Reston Town Center and other mixed use projects look to us to continue to own those. Now, the situation in Gaithersburg with Camden is completely different. That’s a greenfield suburban site. We still haven’t developed anything vertically there yet. We sold an adjacent site to lifetime fitness. Just seemed sense to take our profit on the land, sell it and let Camden experience the great joy of going vertical. So, long story short, we are going to keep the stuff that’s integrated into our projects and may continue to sell the stuff that’s one-off and not key to our mixed use development.
Ray Ritchey: Well, I guess I will take that one. So, we have competed for the headquarters of TSA and it was awarded to another party. We had a sense that the GSA did not conduct the award as anticipated and we filed a protest. That’s all we can say about it at this point in time. We are awaiting the final resolution and we will see what happens when the judge makes his ruling.
Doug Linde: I think our appetite is to maximize the revenue and maintain the image of the building. And if it comes in the form of two or three transactions, that’s okay and if the right brand awareness organization wants the whole 65,000 square feet and they are prepared to pay what we consider a fair rent, we will do deal with them as well.
Doug Linde: Yes, I think the – I don’t think there is anything in my remarks that are targeted towards any one specific market. I think we have mentioned before, the asset – attractive asset pricing that we are seeing exists across all of our four markets. And these factors that I mentioned, I think would have impact on all of them.
Doug Linde: Jamie, this is Doug. So, it’s hard for me to sort of describe what is in the bag or not in the bag. I mean, as an example, I described and might put some numbers around all of the rollover that we have in Embarcadero Center. And I also – I put some perspective on the activity we have in Boston and we have previously talked about what’s going on at 100 Federal Street. All of that, I think is activity that we are confident is going to progress in the appropriate manner, but none of it is “in the bag”. But I – we feel pretty good about it. With regards to ‘17 and interestingly I actually went through and looked at our entire portfolio from 2017 to 2020, because I figured somebody – someone might ask if there are any other really large rollovers in our portfolio. And in ‘17, aside from the square footage that I described at 399 and I think I gave some clarity on the fact that much of that space is likely to going to be leased prior to those leases expiring. In fact we may get some leases done in early 2016 on that space. I think that we are feeling relatively comfortable that, that space is not going to be a drag on our earnings on a going forward basis. And then when you skip until the 2018 and we have space at $45 a square foot, a big chunk in Cambridge that’s rolling over. I wish we can have the space back today, so I can lease it today. Then in 2020, we have the Estee Lauder space at the General Motors building 757 Fifth that’s just going to rollover, which has got an enormous amount of embedded upside in it. So on a going-forward basis, while I think we will continue to see downtime between major lease expirations, it’s nothing like what we are seeing at the moment where we have the concurrence of both the assets in Boston at 200 Clarendon Street, 120 St. James, changes at 100 Federal Street, what we are doing at 601 and what’s going on particularly with the retail space at General Motors building all happening within the same 12-month period of time.
Doug Linde: It’s called Dock72 for future reference and John Powers, I will let you describe our arrangement without talking about the specifics.
Doug Linde: Some of that will be – will start to commence in ‘16. So, as an example, if we lease 5 vacant floors of Embarcadero Center rent at $80 a square foot, I think Mike said it was $9.5 million and if per chance all of those leases commenced in August of 2016. We get the bump in 2016 and it would obviously be there for ‘17 as well. So, the $80 million is the totality of the incremental cash flows and some of it will be occurring earlier than the end of ‘17.
Doug Linde: So, I am going to – this is not going to – to be very satisfactory, but given that we are talking to specific tenants, I just don’t feel comfortable front-running what we might charge any particular tenant for the space. I can tell you that the contribution from that 65,000 square feet was in and around $20 million prior to the termination of the lease and we plan on significantly surpassing that number. And I don’t want to – I mean, you are not going to be able to get me to say what significantly is defined as, but you are aware of what other space rents for on Fifth Avenue. And as I said before, our advantage is that we probably have one of the most highly trafficked plazas on the Avenue, particularly with the Apple Store and the demand that it generates the little bit of a challenges that we have at plaza. So, the storefront is not right out on the street, which has its benefits and its disadvantages. And so we have to work through all of that with the various tenants that we are discussing on the space with.
Doug Linde: Well, I think that if we do more residential projects, I think that we would anticipate that the yields will be in the similar ballpark when we are doing office buildings and we are generally trying to generate cash-on-cash returns in excess of 7% as I described the deals that are coming online in ‘17 for a full contribution will be in excess of 8%. So, I think that, that is our goal and that is what our mission is obviously depending upon the particular site and the particular structure of the lease and who the tenant is, it can be varied.
Doug Linde: I think WeWork is an important user of space in all of our markets and to the extent that it makes sense for their business model and it makes sense for how we are marketing and leasing our space for us to come together. We will consider those opportunities.
Doug Linde: As we mentioned in prior years, we and the board will make that decision at year end based on our net income. We did provide the gain associated with the sales to try to help you understand what the potential for that could be. I did mention that we don’t contemplate having any additional sales for this year. And I also mentioned that the acquisition environment continued to be challenging, but the final – any dividend and the amount of any dividend won’t be finalized until later in the year.
Doug Linde: So the podium project is approximately $285 million. Right now, we are assuming that Delaware North if he started we will go forward with it, so obviously it would be half of that. And we also assume that if we have Delaware North as a partner that we will put some additional third party financing on it. So that’s sort of the magnitude of that. And then next piece would be the residential and hotel sites, which are pretty integral to one-half of the building. And then the last piece of the Office Tower, which is I think is the longest lead item from our perspective because it’s more tenant specific. And I think we will have a better sense of where Delaware North is on those two projects in the next quarter. And as Owen said, when we talk to you in I guess early January or late January we will have more flesh to put on the bone.
Doug Linde: So, Alex, first of all, we didn’t say who the tenant is, so those are your words not ours for the record. So, when we think about that site in North San Jose, which is Mountain View in North San Jose and Sunnydale and Santa Clara all are very different types of markets. The net rent that you would achieve today on 1980s vintage building is somewhere around $2 a square foot. And so you can sort of back into what the economics might be on leasing the space recognizing that in order to lease those buildings there needs to be tenant improvements and brokerage commissions on all sort of things. And then, obviously, while we have been able to and very thoughtfully create additional density there. In order to do that, there has to be a change in the configuration of the way the parking is currently operated, i.e., there needs to be structured parking garages. And it’s not a paid parking type of a situation. So, you also have to consider what the costs are of replicating the parking for the existing buildings as you build the additional 500 plus thousand square feet of density and what the cost of that is. So, all of those things factored into the pricing that we think was a strong price, a fair price for both us as the owner and for our potential user.
Doug Linde: And I just want to reiterate what I said earlier is how pleased we are with this transaction given the price, given the vacancy that we will not be experiencing in the company and the new client relationship that we have in the development assignment. So, we think it’s a terrific transaction for the company and for shareholders.
Mike LaBelle: So, on our G&A, we have really just assumed cost of living adjustments on our 2015 general G&A. And then we do have a long-term compensation plan that is identical to the plan that we had in ‘15 that is in there and the difference is that the plan that is rolling off from ‘13, the unvested piece of that is just less than the charge for the first year for the plan that is projected for ‘16, but that plan is identical – projected to be identical to what the plan we had in ‘15 is. There is really two pieces.
Mike LaBelle: Well. Yes. I mean obviously, I had some comments there relative to our same-store cash being higher. And I made some comments on what our free rent and straight line rent is going to be which is significantly lower than it’s going to be in 2015. The other thing I would point out is we have done a lot of leasing in 2015 that has – in ’15 and that was just a lot of this early renewals and take-backs and deals that we did. So the leasing transaction costs that we are seeing in 2015, I think are higher than what they have been historically because there has been so much volume of leasing. So as I look at our occupancy projections and I look at 2016, I mean I am looking at probably doing 3.5 to 3.7 million square feet of leasing in order to achieve our projection. So you can throw whatever transaction costs you need to throw at that based upon some renewals, some being new. But if you use $45 or $50 a square foot, you are talking about $160 million, $170 million. And then we talked about our cash rents and our CapEx, I would expect it to be similar next year to this year. We expect this year to be somewhere in the $70 million range, I would expect that to be similar. We do have some more significant work going on like this year we had Hancock lobby and we have started the 599 lobby and the elevator work at 599 and that’s going to go also into next year. And we will do some work at 399 next year and some other buildings. But overall, I mean I would see it being an FAD of somewhere around $4 somewhere $3.80 to $4.20, something like that per share, which is higher than this year by probably 10% to 15%.
Mike LaBelle: No, that $34 million of drag is still expected. Again the cash growth is coming from 101 Huntington Avenue. We did the lease with Blue Cross Blue Shield, had pre-rented it in 2015 and a little bit of cash rent, full cash rent in 2016. That’s a big lease. The leases at 250 West 55th Street and 680 Fulsom all had a lot of free rent during 2015, no free rent in 2016. And then the renewals, I mean, in Cambridge we did three big renewals in 2014 and 2015 where we increased rents from $45 to $70 plus. And the bump in the cash doesn’t come until the natural lease expiration of those leases, which was in 2016. And same thing in San Francisco with some of the early deals that we did on some of the firms in Embarcadero Center and it just has a meaningful impact on the cash flows and the growth in them. So, that’s really where it’s coming from.
Mike LaBelle: Yes, that’s also in our guidance for net income. There is the GAAP gain within the guidance for net income and our guidance that we provided. So, there is a GAAP gain and there is also a tax gain.
Mike LaBelle: We have not included the starts of these. They don’t have a significant impact on our earnings, I mean there could be some additional capitalized interest that is not currently in our model and our guidance for this, if there is whatever dollars are spend out it could improve our interest expense a little bit because our capitalized interests might be a little bit higher, if we were to start that project.
Mike LaBelle: Well, third quarter numbers for non-cash rents, about $18 million, $19 million. And again, for the full year, it’s $90 million to $95 million. It started off around $30 million in the first quarter and it’s tailed down. I expect the fourth quarter to be kind of comparable to where the third quarter is. And then the 2016 numbers will be significantly lower than that. And it is a combination of some fair value rent going down as well as some straight line rent going down, it’s both of those things. But the big pieces I mentioned we are in the pre-rent piece, the fair value pieces, there is some 767 Fifth and Hancock, where we saw some rollovers occur in ‘15 and also in ‘16 with 767 Fifth, where you are going to see that come off and it’s just going to be greater in ‘15 than in ‘16. Those two buildings are also contributing to it.
