Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our strong second quarter performance, offer a few comments on the strategic rationale of the pending Ralcorp acquisition and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. In other words, John is saying that the price mix of 4 leans more towards price and a little less towards mix.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. As you know, our portfolio is extremely broad, so it's a bit different by each segment. But I can tell you that we clearly have our finger on that from a threshold standpoint, as we take a look at market share in particular. I would tell you that we're where we expected to be at this point in the year and that in the second half, you're going to see us show more top line improvement. And that's really primarily timing. We were probably a little bit later than some of our competitors in terms of where we took the bulk of our pricing. So at this point in the year now, we're about 70%. We've overlapped about 70% of the pricing that we took from last year. That's why as we go through the rest of the year, you'll start to see more improvement. Obviously, we've made some good investments in marketing innovation, et cetera. So I think, maybe, and I'm going to turn it to André here in a minute, André's team is not chasing the volume. They're being very careful about this balance, and that truly is reflected in the margin improvement. So let me ask André for a little bit more color on that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. David, that is a really exciting, significant growth vector for the company. Big opportunity that we have really shined the light on. And let me ask Paul to give you just a little bit more color on that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Bryan. As we've talked a bit about before, we've got an extremely disciplined process that is not only on the front end but on the back end from an integration standpoint. So we keep the spot light on these acquisitions for quite some time before we basically turn them into our base business model. We clearly have a number of metrics that we review regularly, and I would tell you that the answer is yes. Every one of the acquisitions, we feel very good about at this point and continue to believe that long-term, that they will be, as I said, top and bottom line accretive.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken. I would tell you you're asking exactly the right question. It's the kind of debate that we have with the management team on an ongoing basis, and it's all about the right balance, whether it's between the different brands or it's between the trade spend, merchandising and marketing. It's really something that we have to continually rebalance over time. And as we watch what happens in the marketplace, obviously we'll try and stay as disciplined to our strategy as we can be, but we're pragmatic and realistic at the same time. So this will continue to evolve but right now, as André says, we're pleased with where we are, and we'll continue down this path.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. We really can't talk a whole lot about Ralcorp right now. But what we can tell you from the public disclosure information is that there were clearly some discrete events this year that won't be repeated next year. So the numbers are really kind of apples and oranges as we look forward.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just add to Paul's comments that the numbers continue to be very, very good, double-digit growth in the emerging markets. So we saw that same news on Yum, but there's a big emerging market out there, and we continue to have a lot of confidence in that segment.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Eric, I would tell you, kind of the headline is we're not doing private label the same way as everybody in the industry is doing it, meaning a lot of -- there's a lot of players in this very fragmented industry. And I think the reason we feel so good about it on a go-forward basis is there's a number of reasons: One would be, as you take a look at other developed economies, you see a significantly bigger percentage of the food business being done in private label. And then if you take a look at the customers that are doing the best, for the most part, in this country, they're the ones that are emphasizing and, in some cases, almost exclusively private label. So there is clearly a consumer pull for what has become a much higher quality product. Very, very different than it was -- that we remember, say, back in the '70s, '80s when it was much more generic. Consumers continue, particularly in tough, challenging times, to try store brands, and they are pleasantly surprised, and they keep coming back. And we expect that will continue beyond the recession. We have very little overlap in the private label businesses that are coming from Ralcorp with our core or with our current base business. So we're not looking strategically, for the most part, to compete in the same basic segments from a private label and a branded standpoint. And maybe the most important factor of all when it comes to the better financial viability is that it's going up market. There's a lot of gearing of the private label business. In some cases, some would call it good, better, best. In some cases, the stores, the customers are looking to make a statement with their own products that they have an awful lot of interest in, in growing their own brand and making product that is very high quality. That's what gives us a lot of confidence as we go forward that it's not going to be just about the lowest priced, half-penny bid. And I think Ralcorp has already done a pretty good job in terms of being selective in the kinds of private label businesses and categories that they've gone after. There's a lot of value-add opportunities because of this consumer/customer pull. So when you wrap it all together with the significant amount of synergies that we will bring, along with the significant capabilities that we can add to an already strong, biggest leading private label player, wrap that altogether, that's what gives us a very, very high degree of confidence again that this is going to be both top and bottom line accretive for us.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. The answer is it's kind of all of the above. So clearly, there is very strong development and opportunity in channels that really emphasize store brands. So, for instance, Ralcorp does a great job with folks like Trader Joe's and Costco. And clearly, there are products all over the stores there that reflect that. One small example would be some of the frozen pasta meals in Trader Joe's that are a terrific product. Maybe you've tried them. But that would be one example of, I would call, a very much value-add product. In our own shop, what we've done with our bar business -- so for instance, at 2 of our -- 2 biggest customers, you've seen us not just emulate product in the nutrition bar space, but actually create new product that has done very well. And that is very much value add. If you go into some of the categories that you talked about, it's really a different story by category. So you're right. There's a lot of tough, big players with big resources in the -- like the RTE cereal business, and we'll have to be very selective about how we play there. Ralcorp's done extremely well thus far. We expect that to continue. But we'll place our bets selectively, and it's really both a category and a customer channel story. And we think there's enough pockets in both of those places that we can continue to do really well.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Andrew, this is John. I think you certainly named a number of the drivers in terms of what's working well in the margin line. Clearly, inflation was down a little bit from where we expect, and productivity and pricing are all well. I think we have seen some gross margin improvement. I'm not sure where the expectation would have been but certainly, I'd say we might have had a little bit of unfavorable mix even though our pricing mix overall was very positive. So I would say that's probably the one decliner of the bunch.
John F. Gehring: Yes. So let me start with a couple of things, David. As we look at H1 versus our -- first half versus second half, the first thing I'd tell you is that we still expect both business segments, both of the operating segments, to perform well and have good fundamentals and show good results at the operating profit line. One thing I just -- I'd remind everybody of is that if you look at the first half, we have had some softer laps in the first half. And in particular, I think we were very clear that our first quarter a year ago was very soft. We had a number of things, especially in the Commercial business, that we lapped in a very strong way this year. So on average, the laps, and in the absolutes, the laps are stronger in the second half. The other thing I would note is that -- to kind of piggyback on to André's comment about really focusing on investing behind our brands, we are maintaining a fair amount of flexibility for what I would term to be some fairly significant increases. And maybe I should say ongoing increases in our investment behind our brands. So we're certainly, I think, maintaining a fair amount of flexibility there. And then the other thing, just mechanical I would note, is that we do end up with some negative impact at the EPS line because we're going to terminate or essentially terminate and restrict our share repurchase activities. So we would have a plan -- we would have planned for some accretion there, which won't happen. But I guess the other comment I'd make is that we feel very confident about the 206, and part of our change in raising our guidance was to be clear that we don't see this as coming in below there.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Gary, I think you covered a lot of it. I would probably emphasize a couple of points. Year-to-date, our base Consumer business at the operating profit level has contributed an awful lot of the growth. Acquisitions are making a good contribution and in line with our expectations. So I think things are on track, and we're very pleased with how the contributions are coming in. And again, I would reiterate Gary's point that while the bases contributed less than half at the consumer line at this point, we also do want to remind people of the significant increase in A&P that we've got in the base business numbers.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I'll take a shot at this, Ken. This is John. First of all, we won't say absolutely no to anything. I think it is important to recognize that -- probably, even more so than the financial constraints we're putting on again, and we've got -- we feel very comfortable with where our debt rating is going to be and investment grade, and we think we'll have some room in there. But probably, more important than that is just making sure that anything that comes to light in the next 12 months is so compelling that we -- and we have confidence that we can take it on from an additional integration standpoint. We've made a big bet on the Ralcorp acquisition, and I think our management team and our board are very aligned around making sure that we execute the integration as flawlessly as possible. So again, that's not an absolute no. We still probably have our line in the water for things. But we're going to be pretty disciplined and focused on the task at hand.
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me -- this is John. Let me take a shot at that. I think most of your question was revolving around the Commercial business, and I don't have all the margin stats in front of me. But one of the things we get mathematically in terms of margin compression is just driven by the milling business. Because as wheat prices go up, we tend to manage margin dollars in that segment versus margin percentages, because it's a large pass-through. So that over the years can certainly have some impact on margin percentages, because I think overall, during the last few years, we've been pretty comfortable with the margin dollars we've generated in that business. As it relates to the inflation environment, I do think -- in some of those commercial businesses, it can be really kind of be a mixed bag. In the milling business, you got something that really is much more of a pass-through business. But certainly, as the competition for acres has heated up over the last couple of years, some crop prices and some key input costs I think that we face in the Commercial segment have faced a lot of pressure. And I think that's -- that's been one of the challenges that Paul and his team have successfully navigated through. But Paul, I'll maybe turn it to you, to see if you have anything to add to that.
John F. Gehring: Hey, Eric, this is John. Let me start on the equity piece of the transaction. It is a relatively small part. And again, just to reiterate for everybody, what we said is we will issue up to $350 million of equity. It's a small part. I think it was -- it's included primarily to make sure that we have some cushion, sufficient cushion in our debt rating. And quite frankly, I think it's something that our bondholders and our rating agencies viewed as -- even though it's not significant as a percentage of the transaction, I think they viewed it as an important acknowledgment that we are going to continue to balance or promote a strong balance sheet. So again, we'll be able to tell you more about the exact amount as we get closer to close. But it really was just to give a nod to our commitment to a strong balance sheet.
André J. Hawaux: Yes. Thank you, Gary. I'd say, Andrew, you -- we've talked about the discipline and the resources we've put against revenue growth management. So from your -- your first question's perspective was around what are the thresholds. I mean, we look at our plant absorption, we look at market shares very critically and make sure that we've got the right balance. And it's not only -- what you saw in this quarter was not only a good operating profit flow-through as we've talked about, but really, this investment back in our brands. I mean, we've been very deliberate at talking to folks about -- this was an organization that historically relied a whole lot more on trade than it did on classic pull. We're trying to change that balance a little bit and really invest in our brands. And you saw in this quarter relative to the amount of investment we made against the marketing, which we believe is critical as we build the brand. So I think we've got the balance right. We have a lot more metrics than we've ever had, and the team works really hard against that. So we are poised to course correct when we need to. But right now, we're staying really disciplined, and you saw that in the net realizable price flow-through that you saw and the margin flow-through, and that allowed us to invest back in our brands.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Ken, this is André. Let me take some of that and if Gary has something to add to it. I think -- again, I would say that we are spending appropriately behind our business on the brands that make sense and have a meaningful point of difference in terms of the marketing mix. So I'll get -- we've given Marie Callender examples time and again, and that brand is performing very well against that. But we've also talked about PAM, PAM cooking spray and the whole non-residue formula being a point of difference to consumers and really communicating that message. And that brand has responded very, very well. The same with Reddi-wip, which is a combination of both the messaging there, as well as the ability to merchandise that with host foods such as our pies, but also in the summer and in the springtime with berries and fruit and things like that. And then Hunt's Diced Tomatoes, where we're really putting an effort on our point of difference there, which is really on flash steaming. So we believe we need to do that to make a meaningful difference and to show consumers that there are meaningful differences in our brand. But that doesn't mean that all our brands get marketing. We have brands that play a different role. So there are brands in our portfolio that don't get a lot of the marketing mix that really rely more on in-store merchandising and promotions. So we actually balance, I think, that equation very well. I would tell you, though, Ken, at the outset of the year, we said that this organization has to make sure that it puts some of its money back into the pull. Historically, it has not. I see competitors. Depending on the category, it's very different. You cited a few that are downplaying marketing and putting a little bit more in trade. Again, that's their strategy. And in some cases, it's right for their brand and right for that segment. For us, we believe that we have a lot of the things working well, and that's why we are very, very pleased with the results you saw in the first half of our year and right now in Q2.
André J. Hawaux: Hey, David, this is André. So you're absolutely spot on. That has been the #1 volume drag for us from the beginning of the year, and that's largely because we took over 10% pricing on that brand. So absolutely, as we come out of Q3 and Q4, as it laps that pricing, it significantly gets better. So again, for us, a lot of it -- we said this upfront. As Gary articulated, 70% of our pricing has been lapped in Q1 and Q2. Q3 and Q4 obviously have the remainder of that, but it's much more moderate. You'll see the advertising that we've talked about that we're putting against the business. That doesn't kick in day one. Obviously, you don't get an immediate bump for the work that you're doing there. You get -- it improves over time. So we see the advertising and what we've been putting on help us also sequentially get better. So we do have our forecasts and plans for the back half of the year, see our volumes sequentially getting better from where we are today based on those things: lapping the price and the marketing. And the innovation that we've launched also starts to benefit from obviously getting full distribution. Then we have some new innovation. Gary articulated Pop Crunch. That's going out in January. And we have a couple of other C-store items that we're launching as well, that we feel pretty good about. So you'll see new innovation and then the benefit of all of what we launched in the early part of our year, getting to 80, 90 ACB distribution, and then you'll see the benefit of that as well.
André J. Hawaux: I mentioned some of those brands already. I mean, we continue to just -- I can't say enough about what the marketing team and the brand team on Marie Callender's have done, not only in the core business but what they've done kind of in the dessert space as well, winning -- we've really started the holidays off very, very strong there. I see it in areas like PAM. I see it in Reddi-wip. I see it in Hunt's. Our Chef -- canned pasta business has done very well from a market share standpoint, both in units and in dollars. So I can -- I see the marketing campaign on that brand working. So we see a lot of those things working, and it's going to be different by brand. But overall, I feel very confident that, that's working in the marketplace.
André J. Hawaux: Well, Thilo, this is André. I think the large -- the largest issue we have, as I articulated earlier, is the pricing comps we have year-over-year. So I think what you'll see in the back half, is you'll see a steady improvement in that. If you looked at our Q1 to Q2 comparisons in both IRI or Nielsen, whichever service you subscribe to, you'll see that our -- of our top 15 categories, you'll see that we significantly moved both dollar share and unit share in 10 out of those 15, and it was a significant improvement Q1 to Q2. We expect that same improvement to continue to flow out of the year as we lap the pricing.
André J. Hawaux: Thanks, Rob. I think you're absolutely right. We saw the same numbers that you've just quoted. I think to understand the backdrop, we took 2 price increases on Orville last year in period 4 and period 7. So we were lapping that. So we're finally getting through most of that. And as you look at the back half of the year, we have gotten through -- we will have gotten through most of it. So you'll start to see that rebound. What we're seeing with consumers is a move from microwave -- still a big, viable business -- and to this notion of ready-to-eat bagged snacks. And we're actually capturing that trend as well. We've had really good performance with our first launch of our Orville ready-to-eat product in standard flavors. And then now, Gary articulated we're launching Pop Crunch as well. It's being launched in January, or being shipped as we speak to retailers. You'll see us doing more of that as we see consumers moving to that convenience and that ready-to-eat. We believe the Orville franchise is very strong, and we have a lot of opportunities. And Al Bolles and the innovation team are looking through what exactly can we do with that franchise beyond the ready-to-eat offerings that we have today and other things in microwave? We think we also have some opportunity in microwave as well with various blends and other things that we can do with popcorn. So we feel really good about the franchise. A very strong franchise.
André J. Hawaux: Yes. So Chris, let me start with the latter part of that question. We are -- as you know, we are touching the frozen space now, not only in meals, our single-serve meals, which historically has been where we played, and we're doing really well there with Marie and doing reasonably well with Healthy Choice. The whole healthy segment, though, where we compete, is one that is really a challenge. But we're also going into these adjacencies, so you've seen us recently with respect to Marie Callender pies, both the full-sized pies, but also introducing smaller, single-serve desserts pies, if you will. Our launch of Healthy Choice Frozen Greek Yogurt, which has had specific advertising for it, has actually done very, very well. We're very pleased with that. So -- and you'll start to see us do some things as we get into more snacking occasions in frozen, as well as breakfast. You'll start to see us do that more there. And we obviously, with the assets we've acquired in multi-serve, or totally in [ph] P.F. Chang's, are really excited about that, that brand, because those equities are very, very strong with consumers, and it brings a new consumer to that franchise, a consumer that typically makes $75,000 a year or more. So we're bringing other consumers into our franchise, which has been heavily weighted towards value consumers in the past. So we feel really good about the marketing we're doing there. And with respect to our promotions or our in-store activity, we do put a very significant emphasis on -- when we're launching new items. So some couponing, sampling, store demos, if you will, really to get people to try and taste the food, which we believe -- the proof is in the eating, so to speak, and we do very well there. We're very happy at the launches that we've done so far, our innovation. It's tracking against the forecast that we have for all the products. And we feel very good about where we are.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. And one I'd just highlight, they've mentioned the Boardman, Oregon, plant expansion, and that's an important strategic investment for our Lamb Weston business and is very much aligned with our growth in the emerging markets and what we see there. And we have a lot of momentum there. We feel really good about what we are executing, and we're making the right kind of investments to continue that growth going forward. I don't know, I think you had a question around the specific size. We probably won't get into that. I just -- I would say double-digit growth is what we're experiencing, and we're doing the right things to make sure that we maintain that.
Paul T. Maass: Yes. I think just in operating the business, we'll price accordingly the pass-through inflation or deflation and really focus on driving business improvement through operational efficiencies and mix, as well as really lean hard into the international growth opportunities.
Paul T. Maass: Yes. So I won't get into specific comments on customers by name. Overall, what we see in emerging markets continues to be very, very positive, very favorable trends, and we look for that to continue. And we're positioned well and continue to penetrate those markets and really support our customers' growth. And I think quarter-over-quarter, you may have some ebbs and flows. But over the long haul, we feel very good about it and very optimistic and think the growth trajectory is very good. And, just maybe one of the comments just on our ability to execute. We're very focused on efficiencies, and we've got an ability with our manufacturing footprint in the Pacific Northwest to reach those markets in a cost competitive way. And we like that position very well.
Paul T. Maass: I would just comment that overall, the trends are better and improving. Yes, I would say October was kind of a little bit of an outlier kind of across the industry, we saw that, and with a decent [ph] rebound in November. And yes, I think -- I don't have a specific number I'd give to you, but I think the trend that we've seen over the last 12 months is really kind of the outlook for us going forward.
