Gary Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning we'll talk about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter, and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Gary Rodkin: Our A&P dollars in the back half are actually down a bit. Not a lot, but down slightly. What I would tell you is that in the first half of the year, despite the fact our A&P dollars being down due to the vehicle media mix efficiencies, our impressions actually were up. So we are, again, willing to make a bit of this tradeoff. However, I would tell you that we're going to see net pricing increases so you're going to see it plus versus a year ago. We're not looking to subsidize with A&P cut.
Gary Rodkin: I would tell you that the potato crop issue was more focused on yield, meaning the manufacturing efficiencies, and as it came out of storage being in tougher conditions than we expected it to be, and that was a primary issue that hit us harder than we thought it would in Q2. Fortunately, as we worked our way through the quarter as the new crop has started to come in, we are already seeing a significant turnaround. So that's behind us. And on the net pricing front, I would tell you, again, we're not looking at major spikes, but we will see, particularly as we get deeper into the second half, by the fourth quarter, we will see net sales increase versus a year ago. And that will be driven by the net pricing actions that we've talked about.
Gary Rodkin: Well, I certainly think about it a lot. We all do. I think the most important point is to understand that this is not a ConAgra issue alone. We believe all of our competitors, all of our customers, are suffering from the same issues of pricing down and commodity costs significantly up, and that is not a sustainable strategy for anybody. So we do believe that we will see more rationality in the marketplace come the second half. We also have, as you know, easier overlaps, because last year's first half was stronger than the second half. So when I put that all together, again we believe this is the right, the appropriate, strategy. We've taken the tradeoff of, as I said, modest volume impact potentially into account and are comfortable and confident that this is the right way to go.
Gary Rodkin: On Banquet in particular, it's become a way of life for that business, and we've looked out pretty far and are not intending to break that price point. We believe we've got the right margin structure, the right work underway, and the right mix so that we will continue to deliver great value on that product line.
Gary Rodkin: Well, Terry, I believe that it's innovation and marketing that drive this category, and that's where we've focused our energies and that's what we'll continue to do. It's still a very very large category and you're right, it has gone through a bit of softness as we've entered this economic challenge, but we believe the same dynamics are going to drive this business, and that's what we're going to keep doing.
Gary Rodkin: And I would also tell you that our primary market, food service, which is the big majority of our business, we've got a different set of competitors than the ones that you mentioned. Those are somewhat different dynamics than the retail side.
Gary Rodkin: You know, unemployment obviously hits the consumer very hard and we probably are more mid-market oriented. I think there's been a bit of a shock to the system. There will be an equilibrium that we reach at some point, whether it's this stock-up pantry inventory or however you want to look at it. We do believe that even after taking some net pricing actions that we will have a portfolio that continues to deliver outstanding value for the dollar, and it's up to us to make sure that we get full credit for it with the consumer and the customer and you're going to see us do more of that. So we do believe that we've got a portfolio that will play well in a tough environment, and I think you'll see that from us as we go forward.
Gary Rodkin: You know, it's not really an either-or. It's an and. Again, our net pricing is a combination of list price and merchandising strategies, so we are all about the balancing act. And we believe we've got it right given our insights, our merchandising strategies, our pricing architecture. So it's all about the balance.
Gary Rodkin: I'm really not in a position to get into specifics. I guess from a macro level I think it's important for people to remember that last year we outperformed our targets for the year so we were paying higher incentives this year. Obviously we're in a position to be below our targets. I don't want to get into specific dollars, but it will be a significant, sizable difference.
Gary Rodkin: And I would also mention that our customers would benefit from some turnaround in the pricing in this large category as well. We've heard that and what's happening in the category from a pricing standpoint today is not a healthy thing for anybody.
Gary Rodkin: I don't know that I can look that far ahead. Obviously, our bar business has done well. We have put a significant amount of capital behind that. I think as we move forward we're going to look at any and all opportunities through the same lens and those that create the most value for our shareholders, whether they're in private label or somewhere else, will be the ones where the dollars go.
Gary Rodkin: You know, it will be purely my conjecture, but I really do believe, as we got into 2010, that the consumer settled into what they see as a long-term economic malaise if you will, versus it being just like a normal, fairly short-term recession and snap-back. So I think people started to truly change their behaviors. We've talked about things like the stock-up being less, more just-in-time inventory. We had customers, retailers responding to this by trying to drive foot traffic with more and more deeper discounting. And I think everything reaches a point of equilibrium. The good thing is people have to eat, and I don't think people are consuming fewer calories than they have historically. So some of it's just about getting past the worst of it, which I think you're going to start to see. And then part of it is at some point everybody has to be more rational in understanding when your costs are up as much as they are you cannot sustain those kinds of margin pressures, whether you're a retailer or a manufacture for the long-term health of your business. So when you put all of those things together, I think we'll hopefully look back at 2010 and say the worst is behind us.
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I think the second part of your question was, as we've announced some of these increases, what have we seen to either give us comfort to the modest number that Gary mentioned, and I think so far based on what we're seeing in both the consumption [uptake] in syndicated channels we would say that the right word is modest. We haven't seen significant declines in our volume. I would say, though, that not all that pricing is through, and as you well know there's still timing that needs to happen for some of the merchandising to sort of flow through. The third part of your question was around frozen, and I will tell you a couple of things on frozen. One is that category historically, and I believe in the future, will continue to be a very promoted category. It is one where on average one of the major companies has something going on every week. I don't believe that's going to change. That's the nature of that category. What I do think we are going to do, based on some of the inflation that we're seeing, is we are going to continue to try to maintain the same level of frequency but the depth is something that we're going to have to come off of. So we're not going to be able to maintain the kind of depth of promotion, and therefore depth of pricing, that we've seen in the past because of the inflation. So the goal for us is to maintain the quality of merchandising that we do get, certainly at higher price points.
Andre Hawaux: I would just add, to echo Gary's thoughts, our focus really has been around the news and the innovation and then really getting consumers to understand that change in terms of point of reference. So, as Gary alluded to earlier, the whole "time to savor" radio campaign we're doing with Marie Callender about the choices you have as a consumer to make. And so that's where our emphasis is. So we're putting good, solid dollars behind those programs.
Andre Hawaux: Let me take some of that. So as Gary mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see total supermarket trips over the last 13 weeks down about 2%. The biggest impact there has been this pantry stock-up occasion that is actually down 5% in terms of total trips. What we do see increasing are what we call quick trips. So those are quick trips that are typically significantly fewer items, and smaller dollar range. So basis that, we see that trend potentially continuing and what we're doing now is trying to make sure that we tie in a lot of our merchandising toward that quick trip mindset. So as Gary mentioned, we're taking a look very strongly at our multiple pricing and a lot of other merchandising vehicles that we currently use today in our arsenal and looking to make slight adjustments to that basis what we see the consumer patterns being.
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I think we've got some merchandising things that are on the calendar that we're not going to take off, obviously, that have been planned months in advance, and we're going to continue those, but yes, absolutely, as our brand teams and our sales teams put together their plans into the new calendar year we're looking at all those elements.
Andre Hawaux: I think it's a very good question. I think in some cases, I want to just be clear for those on the call, that not every brand doesn't respond to 10 for 10. There are places when, as we go through and dissect our portfolio, where that merchandising strategy actually does, believe it or not, still make sense with respect to some brands. We have a lot of brands in our portfolio and going through all of those systemically to determine which ones, based on our analysis on lift, will still work. And then, yes, you're absolutely accurate that we have some trade commitments and some merchandising commitments out there that we just unwind as they go through. So look to see a lot more change as we come out of that into the next part of the calendar year or the back half of our fiscal year.
Andre Hawaux: Yeah, I'd say that again, it's not one-size-fits-all, because there's some areas where we actually saw promotion effectiveness okay, but I think by and large, overall on the portfolio, yeah, we did not see the level of lift that we're accustomed to with the same kind of merchandising activity year-over-year. And that gets back to what the consumer's doing in terms of less stocking up.
Andre Hawaux: No, I think across the board, certainly on the volume side for Banquet, we've been very pleased across the board, so no difference necessarily between what I'd call measured channels and IRI type things and non-measured channels. The performance of that business is very well, and we've been very pleasantly surprised with how strong our fruit pie business has been as well.
Andre Hawaux: I don't know exactly what my competitive set is doing account by account, but I can tell you there that we are in fact on frozen leading in terms of changing that promotion depth. Our frequency is staying where we want it to be, but we'll be taking the depth off the promotion there. And I've got to believe, from my perspective, as I look at our input costs there around things such as proteins that Gary alluded to before, that that is actually the smart thing and the prudent thing to do in that space. The second part of your question was around as we look at our pillars, what we define as our pillars, between convenient meals frozen, and convenient meals shelf-stable, and things like meal enhancers, would you look at the consumer eating at home more, using more ingredient type things to cook, and while that's true, and we've seen a drop-off, and seen some correlation between unemployment and what's happening to single-serve meals frozen and single-serve convenient meals shelf-stable, we've not seen the commensurate pick up again in the meal enhancer business. Part of that, I think, on the dollar side, is the fact that there's very little to no inflation, actually a little bit less in tomato, so that meal-enhancer business for us is really anchored by Hunt's tomatoes. We're seeing decent velocity in that Hunt's continues to gain share, but we're just not seeing the dollars move through as we initially thought in that space. And a lot of that gets back to, I think, that stock-up occasion and we're also seeing pretty heavy competitive responses in pasta sauce, which, again, is a pretty big category for us as well, where we see some of the mid-tier players playing at a fairly high value.
Andre Hawaux: I think our strategy is the one - I believe it's prudent based on, as we look at our financial algorithm going forward the balance of the year and beyond as we see inflation, and I really can't comment on what our competitors are going to do or not do.
John Gehring: Well, what I'd tell you is we're going to evaluate all our options. We are very confident that we can deploy the proceeds from the PIK notes pretty quickly. We expect that to happen over the balance of the year and we're confident that the options available to us will enable us to do that as quickly as possible.
John Gehring: I think for the balance of the year we see our total inflation probably being in the range of 5-6%. We do have a lot of coverage on the commodities where we can take hedges. Obviously some of our inputs are not hedgeable, but a pretty large percentage of our buy for the balance of the year we have covered.
John Gehring: We expect the gap between inflation and cost savings to get a little bit tighter, but the inflation's still going to be a formidable challenge up against the cost savings.
John Gehring: Let me see if I can take that in a couple of pieces. First of all, I think as I commented in my original comments and I think in some responses to questions, the $554 million from the PIK note proceeds, we do expect to deploy that in a share repurchase program, and we would expect at this point to be able to execute that over the final two quarters of our fiscal year, which ends in May. We have about $200 million of additional authorization, which I commented on. Again, we will look for opportunities to deploy that over the next several quarters. The $350 million of debt maturities you referenced, I believe that comes due in the fall of calendar 2011, and again at this point I don't know that we've fully committed to whether we'll refinance that or pay it off. The one thing I would want to remind you of is that we are also looking at other growth opportunities from a capital allocation standpoint and we'd like to be able to retain some flexibility to be able to execute on those opportunities as we see them come available.
