Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. This is Gary Rodkin and I'm here with André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, André, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter, but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks, John. I just want to close with a couple of key points. Make no mistake about it, I am disappointed in our performance in Q1 and we have already and will continue to make adjustments. But I am confident in our outlook based on the strong foundation we've built and our ability to operate in this environment. To start, the year gets progressively better because we're lapping easier comparables. We have greater SG&A and productivity savings coming and because we'll have a commercial profit issue behind us. More importantly though I'm confident in the quarters and years ahead, because our brands and fundamentals are sound and our efficiencies and cost savings keep getting better and better. We have the wherewithal and the ability to adjust to changing marketplace dynamics. And we will always do what we believe is in the best for the long-term health of ConAgra Foods. Thanks for joining us and I'll turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Bryan, I'd say the good consumer behavior is a little bit further in a more cherry picking and more, or I should say, lower inventory or less stock up behavior. So it really was a more challenging Q1 from a consumer standpoint than we had anticipated. Customers are really driving food traffic with aggressive discounting, sometimes extremely low prices for major brand names. This is not how we want to do business, but sometimes your hand is forced to sustain the game. A good example is our frozen business where there were more and deeper deals this summer than we've seen in the last two years. When deals are layered on top of more deals, the ultimate effectiveness is going to be reduced, particularly when the consumers as I said are not stocking up as much. Though net-net, we spent more than we planned to, and didn't get as much for it, but we do believe this is going to abate in the next few months for two key reasons, one, that the commodity costs like proteins and grains, which impact margins will bring more rationality. And two, this consumer pantry deloading is going to bottom out as consumers work through their own inventory pipelines.
Gary Rodkin: I think we see it a bit overall. We see it more clearly, as obviously we've got more insight into our numbers. But we do see a bit of that in the overall data.
Gary Rodkin: I think, Q1, obviously our merchandising was not as great as our competition. We saw much more than we had in the last several years from one of the biggest players. We have made some adjustments. We have chosen not to go incredibly deep but in a bit more measured way. But we think between the innovation, the marketing and some adjustment in our merchandising that we will have a good year in Frozen.
Gary Rodkin: I'd think a couple of areas there. Terry, I imagine you're looking at total distribution across all channels. But again, the innovation specifically in Frozen, where with respect to our steaming platform, the things you're seeing with both are on Healthy and Marie Callender. And actually we've had good distribution additions to Banquet as well, including things like food pipe, et cetera, et cetera. So we feel very good about what we're doing. I think that was the lion's share of your question. I don't know if I caught all of it.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that a basic principle we've got is that the innovation is both top and bottomline accretive. So we keep the bar pretty high on that, and that is what we've got in our expectations.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that what we are not going to do is burn the furniture to make our numbers. So we are keeping the balance of the short-term challenges and the long-term perspective. And therefore we really don't believe that we can really make up the debit that we've created in Q1. Yes, we are seeing the topline start to improve. There is still in a way a significant challenge ahead of us in terms of the way we balance our trade spend. But as the second half approaches, we do believe that there will be moderation in that and we will clearly benefit from both the top and bottomline in the second half.
Gary Rodkin: Vincent, there absolutely is. There is very significant opportunity for us, and we have started to capture that, but there is a lot more to come. So you are right on the mark.
Gary Rodkin: Let me take the second one first. I don't think we've had any substantial change in flow of our cost savings from the beginning of the year. I think the first quarter was planned to be our lightest quarter. And it certainly picks up and is more even over the balance of the three quarters that the balance of the year, although there is still some waiting towards the back half. And your gross margin question, I am not sure I followed it all.
Gary Rodkin: John, I'll take that. Robert, I think it is mostly about the comparables. So the first half was a lot tougher in terms of the improvement that we made on the margins a year ago. Things will flatten out. Margins will improve more in the back half. And part of that obviously is the cost savings versus inflation as well. So a lot of it is just almost mechanical, the math that we've built into our plan. So that's why we'll see it improve in the back half.
John Gehring: I would say I'm going to comment on the first part and then ask Gary to comment on the second piece. Clearly in the first quarter, I'd say two things on the cost side that were probably worse than our expectations, one would be inflation, was probably just north of 5%. And I think when we came into the year, we're looking at that number being more in the range of 4%. And then also I would tell you that the crop issue in Lamb Weston, the quality of that crop deteriorated probably even further and faster than we had anticipated. We knew we had a problem, but the crop did not hold even as well as we though as we ran out the rest of it. I'll turn it back to Gary for the comments on pricing.
John Gehring: David, your math is about right. I wouldn't project quarter-by-quarter. We've talked about the growth coming in the second half, but the basic math is right and we do believe there are a number of things that give us a high degree of confidence in the back half. We talked about the Lamb Weston issue. As we already know, that's going to improve the new crop and the sweet potatoes come on board. We are seeing signs in our consumer foods that the volume is gradually improving, and we'll get the benefit of the recent new product launches and there's more to come in the back half. We've got our acquisitions. The recent acquisition, the American Pie, clearly the math is much better on our cost savings which are stronger later in the year, which will more than offset inflation in the back half. We talked about our SG&A coming down in the back half, and you clearly know that the comparables are much easier in the back half. So when we put that all together, it gives us a very high degree of confidence in what our guidance is.
John Gehring: I think you captured most of it, Gary. Certainly, I would say this doesn't really represent any change in our basic capital allocation approach. I think we've talked about having a top tier dividend. I think we've talked about also looking at growth investments, but also understanding that that share repurchase is a part of the equation. So I think generally there is no real change in the balance there. I would echo one of the things Gary said about what we try to focus on. Our dividend policy is our payout ratio, and bluntly, I think our payout ratio was lagging some of the earnings growth we had over the last couple of years. And we think this increase kind of gets it back in line to where we thought it should be.
John Gehring: Obviously the opportunity arose to take pricing with costs going up, we'd certainly be there. But right now we are not planning for that in this environment.
John Gehring: I think its like anything else. Any kind of organization with inventory, there does come a point where it kind of bottoms out and it kind of self adjusts. And we think we are starting to reach that point. And we've got pretty good insight into this; has been draining their pantries, their freezers, their refrigerators. And there will come a point where that kind of bottom's out. So, I'm not saying that we're going to go back to huge stock up purchases. But, we think that delta will change.
John Gehring: I don't think lot of it is due to that. I think it's more of the inflation and cost savings spread. And one of the reasons I say that is we don't have a big penalty in terms of absorption. That may be ultimately where your question gets at. We're not seeing a big issue there. So I really think it's more of the inflation and cost savings related.
John Gehring: David, we have not talked to the trade about pricing. I don't think they are in an extremely receptive mood to be looking to raise prices at this point. Obviously, we will be opportunistic, but we don't think it's prudent for us to plan on that in this environment. And therefore, all the things we're doing from a productivity standpoint are really the way. Both productivity and mix are the way that we are choosing to deal with this, at least in the near term.
André Hawaux: Let me try and touch on that. I think those are several things that we're looking at right now, some of which as Gary mentioned we've already put into place. But couple of things; one is, we need to look at what's working and not working relative to this notion of multiples. You see multiples a lot. You see given are out there, and given that you see consumer behavior being different relative to stock up and cherry picking, we have to take a look at that. We see some movement right now to where people are going to single price points as opposed to multiples, and if not, they're certainly reducing their ten for tens to maybe five for fives and things like that. So we have to take a look at that to see what ultimately benefits the list. We also have to take a look at some frequency in some of the categories. And then we need to take a look at certain key price points and what still makes sense in the new environment.
André Hawaux: Well, I think two things David. Just to make sure we're talking apples-to-apples here, on the one matter you're talking about our share performance. Some of our categories were significantly down, and we gained share in them because we were down less than the categories if you will. The other piece that you referenced also is our volume. That we also shared in the release also includes what we actually shipped. So there are two different numbers, one is share, and that's consumption and what consumer offtake is, and the other is our volume shipment. But the largest piece of the gain in share piece was driven by the fact that a lot of our categories are down and we were not down as much in some of those categories and we did pick up share.
André Hawaux: I'll make another comment too Andrew, just to build on what Gary said. I think your math is correct. I don't believe we have to do, from my perspective anything heroic in the back half of the year relative to volume. I think a lot of the new items and the innovation that I talked about which really takes hold now, Q2 and beyond, the acquisitions that we've added on really help us get there. So again, we're not expecting our portfolio in this environment to do anything heroic volumetrically. So I think that's number one. Number two, on the merchandising question, there are elements obviously of our promotional planners and calendars that are locked in with customers. I'd say at the beginning in any quarter, I'd say about 60% to 65% is locked in. But I kid you not, there's still a lot of discussion that goes on between ourselves and customers during the quarter as we come up to events, everything from price points to feature and display to what kind of things that you going to get as a result of the price that you are providing. So there's still a lot of room and a lot of latitude with respect to a lot of our customers and our plans in any given quarter when we start that quarter. Obviously as you get further in, you get further locked in.
André Hawaux: There was a little bit of positive mix. There were some categories that were down further than the 1%. We have broad portfolio placed across a very wide slot of the consumer landscape. So I'd say the unbalanced, we netted out about 1%. There were some that were deeper and some other that were in a better shape.
André Hawaux: Yes, that's pretty fair. Certainly as years goes on, we'd lock in a lot more of our commodity needs. So we've got more positions on substantial amount for the back part of the year. So I think your assessment is pretty clear there.
André Hawaux: Let me take the first one. Your first question about the percentage of our sales coming from innovation, I think we measure it correctly in terms of year-on-year innovation. It's about 5%. And as we take a look at your second question on platform innovation, I think we've said it multiple times we're not going to be the ones that are the most prolific with number of SKUs. We're going to look for sticky innovation, and that's all platform-based. So the things that you've seen for instance relative to steaming and frozen are things that we're continuing to do now that will bring a net offering to lunch steamers. The things you're seeing us do with our Trade technology with respect to Marie Callender base, you can see that application is going to go into other platforms as well or other things we do in Frozen, they are very much platform-based, very broad. And again, as Gary has said, we look for that high batting average for our innovation.
