Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. We're pleased with the overall accomplishments during the quarter, and here I'll mention a few. We grew profits in the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods operating segments. This occurred as we significantly increased our marketing investment to build for the future and take advantage of better margins. We completed the acquisition of Ralcorp, which is truly transformational for our company, putting us in a position for faster growth and participating in a very exciting space within our industry: private brands. While it's still very early, we're making good progress on integration and identifying growth synergies. And shortly after quarter end, we announced an agreement to form the Ardent Mills JV, which we expect will also be transformational and which brings together terrific leadership in the milling industry to meet changing customer and consumer demands. John and I will provide more detail on those accomplishments and update you on our business, and then we'll open the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. I would tell you, obviously, we are really very positive on being able to get this deal closed and on that long-term opportunity being very consistent with our Recipe for Growth. And as you said, it is only 27 days. And actually as of today, I think, we're in week 9, so it's still a very steep learning curve. There clearly, as we expected, are some normal disruptions, including some top line challenges, as you noted. And I would say those stem primarily from some disruption -- their own integration, which they were about 6 months into as we entered the picture, and then, of course, our integration on top of that. And then I would tell you, as we get into it, we've seen that they had gotten upside down on several key commodities, and those tactical pricing adjustments you mentioned, clearly, those are in process. As we take a look at things that need course correction and employ our Center of Excellence on revenue growth management, risk management, et cetera, we are in process of making those adjustments. So I'd say that clearly is probably -- those 2 things are clearly right in our -- on top of our radar screen that we are working on and are -- have impacted those results in that first 27 days. But we are very, very confident in terms of the numbers that we have shared, both at CAGNY and here today, and that is really driven by a very strong sense of conviction on our supply chain efficiencies. We're well underway there and believe we will deliver all of those, and we also believe, as we get into it, we are starting to see some top line growth synergies as well. So this whole notion of very strong vision or conviction on leveraging our scale and our CPG capabilities into this very fragmented space, that's going to play out. We remain very confident on that, and we don't take -- we really don't take too much message from this first 27 days.
Gary M. Rodkin: Bryan, I don't think we've seen any evidence of that. There's the normal customer impatience, I would say, with, "Hey, the deal is done. We want to see all the benefits of it today." And obviously, as we talked through it, they start to be -- understand that the integration takes a little while. But I can tell you from a customer standpoint, we've had one major top-to-top recently really talking about our story of trying to move from a very transactional or procurement-based model in private brands to a much more strategic partnership long term that would leverage those capability and scale that we have, and it was extremely positive, very engaged, and gave us a really good feeling that we're on the right track. But to your original question, I don't think we saw any evidence of inventory loading.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken, I think you're right on the money there. There's no question that we made a conscious tradeoff. We could have dropped those marketing dollars that -- those big incremental marketing dollars into EPS growth. We chose not to do that, because we really don't guide every single quarter to try and land exactly at a specific number. So we're committed to the annual number and believe that, because we have improved our margins through the pricing architecture and our productivity, that it was a wise long-term move that we could afford to do to invest against the brands the way that André just articulated. So we saw that as an opportunity this year that we should start to bolster the pull side of our business and do it in a very smart way, as André articulated, rather than just rent the volume with short-term pricing actions, because it's not sustainable. So that's the basic thought process. There's always challenges in the marketplace, and different competitors do different things, but we've stayed pretty disciplined to our model of pricing architecture here. And that's allowed us to invest against a more long-term marketing benefit.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ken, I mean, I would always love to have people compete on a marketing basis, where you've got the brands articulating the benefits and letting the consumer make the choice, rather than the short-term price discounting, because, as you know, that can lead to a very bad place ultimately, and we've been there. So yes, I would prefer it to be there, but we have to recognize that we can't really dictate what competition does. So we'll try and play our game as best we can, and so far so good.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, David, I would say they ran a very successful model. It's just a very different one. Theirs was acquisitions and cost savings. We are starting to talk, and they have responded extremely well to our Recipe for Growth, that keyword being growth is new muscles for them, and that's something that we're going to bring to the party.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just say, as we look forward, both the pricing architecture in our revenue growth management center of excellence and our risk management skill set both will be brought to bear on a go-forward basis. And I believe, as we integrate, you will see us perform differently in that regard as we look ahead.
Gary M. Rodkin: Ardent Mills and the combined business going forward. That gives you a little bit of sense. If you look at -- ConAgra Mills, today, is about $1.8 billion and Horizon Milling's about $2.5 billion. To give you a little bit of sense of scale. I don't know if that helps, Jason.
Gary M. Rodkin: Eric, there always have been kind of short-term episodic blips driven by price gaps between branded and private label, and that has narrowed over the last several quarters. But there's a really long history of these patterns. And the long-term trajectory, we are very confident, is going to continue to go upward. A couple of pieces of insight, maybe. Our research says that 74% of consumers now are more open to buying more private brands than they were 2 years ago. Another factor is you're starting to see more of this tiered business. So as we've talked about leveraging our capabilities to take private brands a bit more upmarket, you see that in some accounts, but that's a trend that we see continuing to see this almost good, better, best. And again, there's this big runway ahead, if you take a look at the U.S. penetration at 18% of sales in food and private brands and Western Europe, Canada, Australia, et cetera, significantly bigger than that. I think U.K. is double that. So when you take all that and take a look at the customers, some of the customer channels that are performing the best, and you put all that together, I would say this kind of short-term flattening on private brands is exactly that. The long-term trajectory is still very strong.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, I think what we've been articulating is a while back, we -- as part of our Customer Connect initiative, we developed a part of our organization in customer development that was around revenue growth management, and it was all around how do we take not only pricing architecture and look at that, how do we link more closely with our procurement arms and how we buy so that the presidents are really taking a look at, holistically, at our whole margin management? And it's putting all those disciplines together, if you will, and it’s been something we -- a journey, Chris, we've been on for quite some time now, and having seen the very positive effects in the business this year and tail end of last year.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A document or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: Sure. On the Ralcorp, I'll just remind you that we put out some goal at the CAGNY that had to do with the incremental EBIT and synergies and EPS contribution from Ralcorp, and that's where our heads are about defining success with that acquisition. And also, just to bring you into context for, I believe, the third part of your question, John's remarks about the -- John and Gary's remarks about the commodities of Ralcorp were really more about explaining the context for why there is the requirement for tactical pricing adjustments, not necessarily to explain a margin differential in the quarter. So with that, Gary, do you have anything else you wanted to...
Chris Klinefelter: Jason, this is Chris. I'll say that those are beyond the scope of the details we're going to offer now. There'll be more visibility when we get to the date of close of the transaction.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release, and we're available for discussions. But this completes our call, and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André J. Hawaux: Andrew, this is André. I'm going to take that question, and I'm going to elaborate on it a little bit more than even the question that you asked. But to answer to your question, yes, we are. We're seeing much more positive scanner data, as I'm sure you are as well, for the start of our fourth quarter. And we're very optimistic that our fourth quarter volume performance trend that you'll see will be significantly improved from where we were in Q3. So let me share a little bit -- because I know there's a lot of investors thinking about our volume in consumer for Q3. Let me identify where the -- really, the issues were in 3 brands that made up about 90% of our miss, and that was Banquet frozen, Chef Boyardee and Orville microwave popcorn. So let me take each of those and talk a little bit about each one of them. One is Banquet. We've been talking about this brand all year, and it really has to do with the significant amount of pricing we took on this value brand at the beginning of our fiscal year. So we, finally, have lapped that, and as we look at Q4 numbers in the start of Q4, we're seeing that brand turnaround pretty significantly, as we expected. So that's been a pretty consistent pattern, and that was because of the volume miss in Q3. We see that getting better in Q4. Chef Boyardee was simply one thing. It was timing of merchandising. The merchandising that we had versus a year ago, which was in Q3, is now in Q4, and that corrects itself, as you'll see, in the Q4 results. The last one is probably the smallest amount of our miss, but it was a miss nonetheless, and that was in Orville Redenbacher's microwave popcorn. It's probably one that's going to require us to get -- to do a little bit more work on how do we get this microwave popcorn category back to growth, and that's something we're continuing to work on. So based on the shipment trends I'm seeing early in the fourth quarter as well as the IRI consumption numbers, I think we're very optimistic that we're going to see the Q4 results on volumes significantly get stepped up from where they were in Q3. And hopefully, that provides the audience some perspective on our volume issues in Q3.
André J. Hawaux: Bryan, this is André. I'm going to take that. Let me tell you where we're spending the money. I'll give you some color as to the brands. But it's really in, I would call, 4 buckets. The ones -- the primary one is brands that we're seeing very solid growth in. Gary articulated some of those. But we're doubling down some of the spending on brands that, I would call it, that have the hot hand. So brands such as Marie Callender's, PAM and Reddi-wip, which were cited earlier, where we're gaining unit share, we're gaining dollar share and our marketplace performance is very, very strong. The other areas we're devoting marketing to is in our innovation space. So one of the areas where we put some money behind in the quarter was, as we're starting to launch and get this to more scale in Orville ready-to-eat, as an example, we're putting some money there. And obviously, we're doing some development work on the innovation that will be launched in the new fiscal year, fiscal '14, with respect to a lot of the innovation you saw at CAGNY. So there's dollars going behind innovation. We also are putting dollars behind brands that are expanding that are very strong regionally today that are growing, and we're expanding their footprint. So Gary mentioned one, which was Ro*Tel. We're also doing that with a very strong brand we have, Rosarita, as well as Wolf Chili, as they get out of their markets. So there's dollars going there. And lastly, we're starting to get into what we call big-platform marketing in the Shopper Marketing area, so many of you -- many consumers will see -- I mean, we're kicking it off officially, Child Hunger Ends Here, our big fourth quarter Shopper Marketing promotion that will be out there that we kick off at the Country Music Awards this coming weekend. So we're starting to get into this big platform-based marketing, which really good marketers in our space do that. So you'll see that's where we're spending the lion's share of our money. Second part of your question, is this really a re-basing of our marketing spending? Should we expect to see more next year? We're not going to comment on our algorithm for fiscal '14 just yet. But I think suffice it to say that, as we looked at our marketing, we looked at it on a full year basis that we needed to, this year, take the margin improvement we saw, we had the opportunity to go back and reinvest in our really strong brands. And I think you'll see us -- that's -- a lot of that has been done, and you'll see some of that leveling off. We'll talk more about what we're going to do with marketing when we talk in June about our fiscal '14 algorithm.
André J. Hawaux: Rob, this is André. I don't see it. I haven't seen it in the marketplace with that particular property that you mentioned, so I'm not expecting anything, but we'll be prepared to deal with things if they, in fact, do come up. Our game in frozen, as we've shared at CAGNY, is very broad based. We obviously compete now in many more locations, including breakfast and desserts, as we expand our adjacencies. That particular competitor is not necessarily in the dessert space, as an example. But we're going to play our game, as Gary has alluded to before. And we'll deal with any and all competitors as they come up. So we haven't seen anything, to answer your specific question.
André J. Hawaux: Chris, this is André. It was a combination of both. We had a little bit of price, as I mentioned. We've now lapped most of that going into Q4, and -- but we had good, solid mix results as well in the quarter.
André J. Hawaux: No, I think we're going to watch every one of our categories as we do every day to determine what we need to do to be competitive. But again, as we talked about, our game plan for this year, fiscal '13, was all about taking that margin upside that we were going to be delivering, investing back in our brands and having the right balance that we feel we need between the push and the pull. I don't think we’re going to overemphasize one versus the other. We're going to be mindful that -- the reference you may have is what I mentioned about one of the big in-store Shopper Marketing events we're having with Child Hunger Ends Here, but again, that's one of our big platform bases. There's as much marketing in that as there is push tactics in terms of promotion, if you will. That's may be what you're referencing.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Let me start, David, and I may -- if I get a little bit off track here, feel free to clarify that. But I think -- I'd say the first thing is I think the history of Ralcorp was that they focused an awful lot on acquisitions, and they were rolling up various pieces of private label, and I think one of the byproducts of that is that's an organization that, historically, has not really focused on organic growth the way we have. So it's not that they don't have good capabilities, it's not that they're really -- not really good at cost. They have good customer relationships and all those things, but their DNA was not about organic growth. So I think as we've kind of started our integration and learning about the business, I think one of the learnings we've got is that -- and one of the challenges we have is we really need to orient the business and the leaders of the business towards organic sustainable growth. So that implies some trade-offs in terms of the things you do day in, day out. They're very good and focused on margins, but we think there's a balance to be had there between short-term profits and margins and long-term sustainable growth, not different from what we just talked about in our own business and the investments we've made in A&P. So I think that's certainly an area. I think another area would be certainly, I think, how we will manage commodities and some of the capabilities we bring to really connect our commodity decisions with our marketing and pricing decisions and how we go to market. I think those are some of the muscles that we've built over the last couple of years that we'll be able to leverage. And then I think related to that, the third big area is I think this whole area of pricing architecture and how do we leverage different kinds of analytics with a focus on organic growth as we apply pricing capability. So I think there are a number of issues there in terms of how we're going to run the business differently.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Eric, this is John. Let me take the first piece of that. I think right now, as we look at our debt to EBITDA, again, we came out of the gates a little bit favorable to what we had modeled, just based upon some additional cash available. I think by the end of fiscal '13, we would expect to be maybe slightly below the 4x. And I expect right now, I would estimate that by the end of fiscal '14, we should be worth somewhere south of 3.5x debt to EBITDA. So again, that's probably a little bit ahead of what we had originally modeled. And, clearly, the Ardent Mills, as well as the fast start we've got, has helped us get off to a good start.
John F. Gehring: This is John, Greg. I would expect that will be incremental. The proceeds we use there to pay down debt will be incremental to our target.
John F. Gehring: I don't have that in front -- I want to say it might be around $10 billion, but -- it would be just south of $10 billion. I don't have the exact numbers in front of us -- in front of me, but yes, so that would be the case. And obviously, we had a lot of cash that was sitting on the balance sheet, and so that last transaction you referred to was kind of the final transaction to complete the financing plans. So it just happened the day after the end of the quarter.
