Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Happy holidays and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I’m Gary Rodkin here with John Gehring our CFO and Chris Klinefelter VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started Chris has a few words.
Gary Rodkin: Dave, that's absolutely a fair question. I'd start by saying from an industry standpoint there are clearly players that are doing well. You referenced one big one. Consumers are more and more accepting of private brands and customers that are winning are emphasizing their own label and we know overtime, the up market trend is going to continue and that will play well into our skill set and we know that customers are going to be more and more demanding on supply chain efficiencies, food safety analytics and all that will leverage our infrastructure. But frankly, we are challenged from an execution standpoint. This is truly a tactical, not a strategic question. We haven't done a good enough job on things like speed and on customer service levels and there have been some specific issues on customer service levels, Paul referenced some but we've had some supplier issues as well, that have hit us, that's not an excuse. Overall, our issues are truly our own execution and what we need to do to drive growth is to level the playing the field on service of speed before we can really start to take advantage of any other kind of CPG capabilities that we've talked about. So I can't overemphasize the point that we do now have while the learning curve has been slower than it should have been, we should have moved faster, we do now have a turnaround plan that has four pieces to it, our effectiveness and efficiency work on Private Brands has addressed some of that, but we need to go further to address the pain points and we have to break some of the bottlenecks that we have but they are really around customer responsiveness and speed, improving our commercialization processes, better overall service levels and better connectivity between supply chain and sales. So I know that's a bit repetitive from Paul's answer but I just want to point the gun clearly at our own execution issues. I know that this is fixable. These things are fixable. We just need to do a much better job and move faster and I think we now have all the resources in the focused sense of urgency to do that. I wish it had been faster, but the bottom-line is we now have that action plan in process.
Gary Rodkin: Sure Eric. Thanks for the question. I’ll start and then I am going to turn it over to Tom for some more color. The economy is still challenging for most Americans and I think we’re all aware there’s overcapacity on both sides of this industry, manufacturers and retailers, so that dynamic continues to play out. However, there are some positives you named one. The gas prices should be putting more discretionary income into the pockets of the core consumer who -- where that really could make a material difference so we hope they are going to spend some more of that on the food side, both at home and away from home. And we are now left -- have left the SNAP cuts from last November the food SNAP cuts, so both of those factors should be positives as we go forward. And it’s just important to remember, this is a really large landscape, so there’s room to grow by improving fundamentals like we’ve talked about in perfect at retail. But in general, I would say we hope that as an industry we’ve kind of bottomed out and are looking forward -- but let me turn it to Tom, because he can give you some really good color on frozen and the rest of this portfolio.
Gary Rodkin: Fundamentally yes, and one of the things that we referenced was just the accelerated cost that we have in our business today around supply chain initiatives where the benefits are getting stretched out and that does, it’s around improved distribution network, consolidation, production consolidation and we will continue to drive optimization on that it’s a really important part of the overall plan.
Gary Rodkin: Yes just in closing, I want to reiterate that basically three quarters of our business, the two biggest sectors are performing well their foundations are much stronger than year ago. And that we’re managing our cost structure very well, the effectiveness and efficiency work is really playing a part there. The Private Brand business has an intensely focused sense of urgency and resources aimed at this turnaround, but I want to reiterate we believe in the strategy. It’s a bold move that we undertook and it’s a big transformation. We have strong conviction that Private Brand will be a growth sector in the food industry long-term the issues we have again to repeat are our own execution, there’s no escaping that. These issues are fixable. We will drive growth long-term from this business. And with that, I will wish everyone happy holidays see you in the New Year.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we’re making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our Web site. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: And Eric this is Chris I’ll build on John’s point and just say that, we’ve taken the volatility that John was talking about and the impact on our numbers, we’ve taken that into consideration when we are giving you our guidance.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you, Gary. This concludes our call today. And just as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and it will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always we are available for discussions. Happy holidays and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Paul Maass: Yes, so the way I would frame it up for you Andrew is the a lot of the service progress that we have made clearly around just the on-time delivery, fill rate and structural improvements, a lot of the things we’re referencing were due to planned consolidations and their very structural nature. And we have made a lot of progress, but we have more work to do. Kind of the, what's new in the way we’re defining it is the overall service with our customer, clearly on-time fill rate those are important, but the way we interface with the customer in everything that we do to strengthen that partnership with them. And that's really what we’re getting at here is beyond those very service metric type of things, the overall relationship.
Paul Maass: Yes and Andrew let me just -- I get what you’re saying and it’s a great question. I’m just going to add pretty quite a few different points of context that will I think help connect some of the dots. And I’d start by just acknowledging that the business is clearly not where we want it to be or expect it to be and it’s a point of frustration for our entire organization. To state the obvious, it’s been more difficult and taken longer than we originally planned, but I think an important point is these issues they are fixable. The earnings revision that you see is from my perspective it’s a delay in our recovery, but it’s not a long-term problem. One point that I would share with you, I expect and have a lot of confidence that the earnings growth in '16 is real, I have confidence that we will be able to deliver it and we continue to have a lot of confidence that the Private Brands industry will be a faster growing part of the overall food industry, so our vision and our belief and confidence in Private Brands in total hasn’t changed in spite of the short-term challenges. As far as the headwinds this year that maybe you could call it more of a surprise in nature. We are dealing with softer Private Brand category performance, that’s real, impacts volumes you see that in the results. We also as John mentioned the inflation and it is intense and it is impacting our snack, nut and pasta business, because the cost is immediate. We’re taking pricing actions but it lags. And that is an element where it ties to confidence in the improvements in '16, but I would say beyond the headwinds probably what’s most important for us to do and where I would say the biggest issue is, is really around our execution. We’ve lost business because we’re not in front of the customers the right way and simply put it’s just takes us too long to do basic things that our customers expect us to do. And that’s why we have a very focused turnaround plan to get this business on-track. And I don’t want to get too windy, but I think probably not only yourself but others have questions on what are we doing to turn the business around and I just -- I want to go ahead and hit that head on and share some of that perspective. And our turnaround efforts are focused on four areas and I start with our customer. We’re committed to narrowing our focus and what we have found is where we have narrow focus, we have better performance and more confidence from our customers and more stable just overall performance and where we have stressed to too thin and added some complexity it’s hurt and so we know what we need to do and that’s really about making those adjustments so that we are more effective. The reality is our customer brands are usually important to them. They have to have confidence in their suppliers. We do have confidence, our customers’ confidence in many areas, but if there’s an area where you lose it you have to be aggressive and earn it back and that’s absolutely what we’re focused on. The second area is really is around the commercialization and the speed of that and so where we have one business is taking us too long to get that executed and into market and it’s obvious when you do that the sooner you do it the sooner the new sales is realized and it improves the performance of the business. Third I would bucket around cost and service management. And I kind of went into the service, but the reality is we have to service our customers in a cost effective way. We have made progress, but there’s still more work to do and it’s got to be customer-by-customer very granular in nature to embrace the unique dynamics by category, by customer and that’s exactly the direction we’re headed. The fourth one is really around the connectivity in our business and I would just reflect on the inflation that’s hit us this year. When you have better internal connectivity, the impact -- we have to be able to navigate through those dynamics effectively and we will with better internal connectivity. Fundamentally I would just wrap it up there with that Andrew is that as we do all these things, we truly will be a value-added partner for our customer and we can get there on a lot of that is founded in these execution improvements that we've got to implement.
Paul Maass: Hey, David just one thing I would add is the points you made on our competitor, it is an element of why I am still confident that the outlook on Private Brands is very positive. When we do all the things Gary just mentioned, there is a lot of opportunity here.
Paul Maass: Yes, so Rob this is Paul and I feel that commentary is all around our Lamb Weston business and the softness in those Asian markets are really fundamentally rooted in the -- there is a food safety issue from a meat supplier with some of our key customers it hurts our business. It is sequentially improving. And the outlook is that it will continue to improve. There are commitments on building out the market there, opening new stores continues to be very positive and the right outlook and we’ve positioned ourselves to partner with them and enable that growth. The West Coast the port slowdown very real, our exports do go through those ports. They’re running I think you see that publicly but it’s running around 50% of capacity. And like every other industry we’re working through it, the sooner it gets resolved the better. Not a real big impact on the second quarter, but something that we’d definitely want to see get resolved so we can serve our customers and hit everything that they need.
Tom McGough: Eric this is Tom McGough and let me just provide a little bit of context in frozen and what we’re seeing. As you know, it’s a big and important category not only within our company but with our customers. And as you noted, overall category has been down. But overall I think it’s important to note that those declines have been concentrated primarily in the nutrition segment. The premium and value segments are relatively stable and that’s where our two largest brands are positioned in those segments. As Gary highlighted today and as we spoke about last quarter, we captured the number one share position in single-serve meals last quarter and we actually extended our share of leadership this quarter. And I think what’s important to note, this second quarter we posted the highest profit we ever have in the second quarter on our frozen portfolio. So we built our share of leadership and we also delivered record results. If you look at the fundamentals of our business, we continue to invest to grow Marie Callender's and we’ve achieved great results not only in our single-serve meals but in the other platforms. We had a great holiday season on frozen desserts and our frozen multi-serve platform continues to grow. As I said the nutritional segment is challenged and we are building share in that segment with Healthy Choice. We’re posting very strong gains on Café Steamers and we continue to build our business around that platform. And as Gary highlighted, we introduced a line called Simply Steamers this quarter and those are products that are made with no artificial ingredients contain, and 100% all natural chicken. And it’s really on trend with the desire from consumers of minimally processed foods. And we also price those at a higher price point. And that residence with the consumer despite the higher price point we’re off to a very good start. Finally as we look at the rest of our frozen portfolio, we invested heavily in P.F. Chang's. When you go to a restaurant you then typically order an appetizer and your entrées are served with a rice side dish. And we have restaged our business to sell that bundle, improved the appetizers, improved our multi-serve meals and we just introduced a line of frozen rice and we are off to an incredibly strong start on that restage. So overall while the frozen business is challenged in aggregate, our performance has been very strong this quarter and over the last year. And this is a category that we are going to continue to invest smartly to build the category to our brands.
Tom McGough: Sure, Alexia. This is Tom McGough and let me address that. I think there is a couple of perspectives here; first and foremost as with any investment we have an ROI approach to allocating our resources. And I think you can appreciate given the breadth of our portfolio, we focus our resources where we are getting the highest return and we are increasing spending on several brands. Marie Callender's, our tomato platform of Hunt's and RoTel, Slim Jim, and specially brands Reddi-Wip and PAM. We have the fundamentals right on those businesses, we continue to invest our volume and share continues to increase. But our perspective is that traditional marketing is only one investment in our brands and we take a more holistic look at the investments that we are making in our brands particularly in getting the fundamentals right. And where we've invested rather significantly has been on, I can highlight a couple of businesses, Chef Boyardee we invested to improve our products, packaging through the easier lid. The business has responded very-very nicely with our volume up fairly significantly over the last quarter. Importantly, that's coming from non-promoted based volume grow and we see a good trajectory and a higher return from that investment. I just talked a little bit about P.F. Chang's, but we invested to get the product, the pricing, the package right at retail that's resonating incredibly well with consumers and we are seeing strong double-digit growth. And the last thing I’d highlight is that as a company, we placed a much bigger emphasis and we've made more investments to grow in alternative channels. As you know, increasingly consumers are shopping in Club and Dollar stores. The win in these channels requires us to have customized product and packaging. But marketing in these channels is very different. Driving trials, if you go through a Club store, driving trial happens in-store, that's how you get the trial and awareness and that's very different than the traditional broad-based advertising, but we are reconfiguring our go-to-market approach, how we invest to drive trial and awareness in our brands and we are investing in many of these customer specific programs that are reflected in our P&L as trade spending and not as traditional A&P. Because you take a step back, we are investing in our business, we do it in a very holistic manner, we are having very good impact from those investments and we will continue to have that lens of ROI, effectiveness and impact that drives our investment decisions.
Tom McGough: Sure our margins well this is Tom McGough and our margins are what you reflect and it’s a combination of strong productivity, being able to execute pricing to offset commodities, a strong discipline on the trade side to be very surgical, to meet marketplace conditions and we believe we’ve balanced those very-very well and our margins have been very strong. And as I previously said, we look at our investments very holistically. And we are investing in our business for the long-term, making sure we have the right fundamentals on the businesses that I highlighted as well as continuing to invest in businesses to sustain long-term performance. So our focus is certainly around building a foundation that sustains growth overtime. And I think we feel we’ve hit that sweet-spot of discipline, while still investing behind our businesses not just in traditional A&P but in other areas to make sure we have the fundamentals right. And that’s going to provide a foundation that we will consistently grow from.
