Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our fiscal third quarter performance and share our thoughts on the balance of the fiscal year, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew, I think you're pretty much on target. We're in line with what you're hearing. We certainly don't expect where we are in volume to be our long-term norm, but the near-term environment across the industry is certainly continuing to be difficult. And it's primarily because consumers, other than maybe those in the top quintile of income, are still struggling and having to adjust to higher everyday costs like food and fuel. We're working our way through this with a real intense focus on cost, productivity, overhead control, but we're equally focused on growth through innovation, marketing, enhanced customer planning and acquisitions. But the near-term environment continues to be tough. Eventually, this tough cost and consumer environment is going to get better, and our core portfolio will benefit from that. And we're looking ahead, of course, to gradually lapping all the net pricing actions that were necessitated by this high, high inflation. So we think near term, we're still in a tough environment. Longer-term, we feel good.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, this is a -- this has always been a tough, tough question, and it's really all about the disproportionate impact that this tough environment, whether it's jobs, housing, inflation of everyday goods, is having on our core consumer, which is the bulk of the population, call it the middle and lower income folks who buy those value products. They are the ones who are hurting the most, and it's not getting a whole lot better for them yet. So we're still going through a period of adjustment that hopefully, we're going to be able to lap all of this pricing, as I said before. And eventually as jobs and housing and fuel get a little bit better, our core portfolio should perform better.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, let me start on the share buyback. First of all, I would emphasize that we've -- there was certainly no intended change in our tone around share buyback from -- over the last couple of months or couple of quarters for that matter. I think it's important to note that we did use a lot of cash this quarter for acquisitions. And we've always said we're going to be disciplined and prudent about share buyback, but it will be lumpy from time to time. But there is no change in our commitment to share buyback. It's an important part of our capital allocation policy. On the CapEx, I guess, first, I just want to emphasize that the reduction in our CapEx forecast for this year does not reflect any decisions to delay either infrastructure or growth projects. We're not cutting any corners on safety or -- nor are we going to be delaying any growth or cost savings projects that were ready to go. I think the lower CapEx estimate does reflect some changes in project timing, as well as we entered the year -- we have certain amounts that are unidentified or held for unidentified projects and/or contingency, and some of those amounts we just don't see as being needed this year. I would also note that we've obviously focused a little bit more attention this year, and more capital for that matter, on M&A activity. So overall, what I'd say is we're still working very hard on growth, and we feel very good about the capital we put through our infrastructure.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Ken, this is Gary. I think the industry, certainly ConAgra, and even on the customer side, understands well how important it is to have pricing discipline. And I think the most important thing to keep in mind is that there are periods of adjustment. So you've got to be able to get folks used to the new price. You've got to overlap it. But you have to keep your margin structure in place to be able to continue to drive the business. And that's, I think, a lesson learned for the entire industry. One important thing to remember is that we as Americans continue to spend, by far, the lowest percentage of our income per capita on food. So it's very different from the rest of the world. And we'll just have to continue to make those adjustments.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, there's certainly a small percentage like that, but that's probably a little extreme. But I would tell you that until we start to see a significant turn for most folks, not just the top quintile which drives a lot of what we're seeing in the stock market today, we're going to have people make adjustments, and we're going to have to get past these overlaps because when you earn -- when your household earns $50,000 a year and you've got to spend however much more at the grocery store and at the gas station, that has an impact. And that has to get overlapped. And that has to get adjusted to. And hopefully, if this recovery -- overall economic recovery starts to trickle down, then we will see things get a bit better. But right now, it's a tough environment for most of the core consumers in the CPG world.
Gary M. Rodkin: Perfect. Thank you. Volume, what I would comment on -- first of all, volume in Commercial Foods was favorable across the entire business. Lamb Weston particular, the volume was highlighted by growth in international. The other thing I'd comment on is mix. And so focusing on innovation to drive volume, especially domestically. So we're seeing a lot of traction with Sweet Potato Fries and other innovations that we have. And so I would describe the U.S. volume as being favorable but probably driven more by mix, and overall volume being favorable, driven more by our focus internationally.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Before we sign off, I'd just like to say I know we all are aware how tough this environment is. But it's really important to think a little bit longer-term. And as we said at CAGNY, and I think articulated in some detail, we've got a well mapped out strategic plan. We call it our Recipe for Growth. We are following that road map, and we've made several acquisitions already that you've seen to advance toward the gradual reshaping of our portfolio. And that, combined with the better fundamentals that we've spoken about and the very strong balance sheet, does give us confidence in the future. And again, this tough cost and consumer environment eventually is going to get better at some point. And when it does, our core portfolio is going to benefit from that. So tough environment today, but still continue to be very confident about the future.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: David, this is Chris. I'll start and say that as far as corporate, you're right. The best thing we can do there is just to guide you that for a full year basis, we generally look at something in the mid-3s as a normalized run rate. In terms of the equity method earnings, we are definitely seeing a turnaround improvement in the potato joint venture that we cite in the release. As far as giving a hard number by quarter, I'm a little reluctant to do that. But it's definitely safe to assume that the trends are moving in the right direction.
Chris Klinefelter: That's fair. And then some of the years where it was toward the top of its range, this would be the rate that it showed. Right.
Chris Klinefelter: Jonathan, this is Chris. I'll start and say that -- we're pretty clear in the release that we have downwardly revised our outlook for Q4. We do expect growth. The "modest" that you're describing has to do with our outlook for Q4. What we generally mean there is something in the single-digit range, and that would result in a year's contribution that puts us in the range that we've talked about.
Chris Klinefelter: That's right. However, what we're telling you is that we do expect a modest EPS growth in the fourth quarter. That would put us at a low single digit for the year, which was in the range of what we've talked about.
Chris Klinefelter: Eric, this is Chris. Why don't I start with that? So to your point, we're not in position to give anything very specific on fiscal '13. It's also safe to assume, though, that when we do acquisitions here and there, obviously we expect them to contribute earnings. In our long-term algorithm, the commitment of 6% to 8%, we expect some contribution from capital allocation in a generic fashion. That could come from a small acquisition here or there, which is the period we're in most recently, or it could come from buying back stock, paying off debt, that type of thing. So it's safe to assume that it will be part of the earnings stream and that they do add a little something here or there. But to get too specific at this point, we just need to wait.
Chris Klinefelter: Now, Eric, this is Chris. Let me say we've been talking about a range all year, so we reiterated the guidance of our range. However, within that range, it is safe to assume that if we have a modest Q4, that it's going to be a low-single-digit rate of growth, which is on the low end of the range. It's because we're going to follow it in the range, which is why we use the language we've been using all year.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you, Gary. And to our audience members -- I mean, just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Andrew, this is André. We moved -- your points are dead accurate in terms of what we talked about in Q2. We did see, based on some of the factors that Gary mentioned, the need to move some of our marketing out of Q3 into Q4 to better line up with some of the things that you saw at CAGNY that we were starting to put in the marketplace. So a lot of that was just movement from quarter-to-quarter that we saw that was necessitated by some of the things that Gary articulated, but also to line up with some of the product movement and shipment of our new items.
André J. Hawaux: And, David, just to your point of me chiming in, I would say that one of the things we talked about at the end of our second quarter earnings call was the fact that we would be taking pricing on that value portfolio as well. And I would say that while for many of us, maybe moving from $0.88 banquet meals to $1 is not a lot, to that consumer, that is a significant increase, and that's what we saw in a lot of our value brands. They also are susceptible to inflation, and we had to take pricing. So we knew it would be a disproportionate short-term issue. We talked about that. And we believe, to Gary's point, that, that gets significantly better as we start to move and lap that. But that was what one of the biggest effects was on our value portfolio.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Jonathan, this is André. We did not see a significant change from when we entered the quarter, relative to both consumption in units and in dollars, and when we exited. I think the comments that Gary made about a challenging consumer environment, the fact that our pricing was about 5%, no, we did not see any significant change either in consumption. I would say that the other piece would be that our non-measured channels and the businesses there are performing slightly better than our grocery or syndicated channel business. But again, we didn't see any significant trends both entering the quarter and exiting the quarter that would be material in our view.
André J. Hawaux: Thilo, this is André. I'll take the first part of that if -- or maybe take all of it. I would say that I think you have to look at the categories in which we compete. I would say that if you aggregate the basket, your comment is directionally correct. But as we look at the categories we compete in and the pricing we have taken, in many categories we have actually led pricing. So for instance, in tomatoes, we've clearly led pricing. In frozen foods, we've clearly led pricing. So I think you have to get a lot more granular and take a look at the categories. And I would say that in many of our categories, we are at high levels of pricing against our competitive set. I think the factors that you mentioned, we're always trying to balance the right -- what's the right volume equation to manage absorption and all those kind of things. But I think we have shown -- certainly, this year, as we've put in a lot of the Customer Connect principles that we've talked about, that we have taken a very disciplined approach to total margin management. And that is -- we're trickling that down throughout the entire organization. So I feel very good about the pricing that we have taken, given where ConAgra was in the consumer space historically.
André J. Hawaux: I think there's a little bit of that. Again, our total -- we look at our total popcorn business. I would say that I would not look at one quarter as an outlier for that brand. I do think, though, it's got some value positioning. It operates also broadly, and not just syndicated channels, also has a broad portfolio outside of that in club and a couple of other areas. So I think we've done fairly well with that brand. But I wouldn't draw any conclusions for one quarter.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Ann, this is André. We continue to do very well. We've had a lot of sessions. Doug, our Head of Sales, attended business conference suites, which is bringing together a lot of retailers and manufacturers. We continue to get very high marks from retailers about the collaborative nature of our joint business planning, the innovation we're bringing to bear, the shopper marketing tools we're bringing to bear and the insights. So again, as I mentioned to you when I saw you down at CAGNY, I think it is a journey that we're on. We are putting a lot of new muscle into this area, including the work we're doing on pricing and total margin management that I spoke about. But I feel really good. And I think unsolicited, we have heard from a lot of our customers the very difference that they're seeing in sort of, I would call it, the new ConAgra. And our sales teams are doing very well against pushing those initiatives through and having really quality dialogues with our customers.
André J. Hawaux: Oh, I think so. I mean -- again, new customer wins is a -- we cover a lot of customers today, and there's not a lot of places where you cannot find ConAgra products. I do believe it has resulted in us working with them, specifically on innovation, around points of distribution. If you look at our record and our results and total points of distribution, we continue to be at the top end of the industry in terms of getting our new items put on shelf and in the frozen case, across the universe of customers. So we do a very good job there.
André J. Hawaux: Alexia, this is André. You're absolutely right. The private label really makes -- doesn't make much of a difference in that single-serve entrée business. I think, as I mentioned, we took pricing in the value end of that category, and that's probably where we saw the most softness. You'll note that, that category is really -- there's really 3 elements, so I've just spoken about the economy. The health segment there, where there's 3 key players with which we play there, has been under fire now for quite some time relative to where consumers are going. So that category was soft. But we held our own there. And where we've seen the best growth in our portfolio and where -- is really with Marie Callender on the premium side. So remember, our strategy in frozen has us really shooting to win in single-serve meals, but really pushing out into adjacencies. We've been very successful with the Marie Callender Bakes item. Our business is up and we're gaining share in multi-serve, which is also another important component of the frozen business. And we also talked about adjacencies, specifically dessert, where we are also doing very well with the Marie Callender. And the Banquet equity with fruit pies there have done very, very well. And if you were at CAGNY, you will see the new items that we're bringing to the entire frozen case, both on meals but also, importantly, with desserts and also the new Healthy Choice frozen Greek yogurt items. So we're doing -- we feel we're doing very well in frozen. The challenge, to your point, has been that single-serve meal occasion, and I hopefully answered your -- in the 3 tiers that we look at there, what is going on in that business.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. This is Paul. And the overall conditions in the -- John had commented, first of all, a very tough lap. So we had a really good quarter a year ago, so that was a piece of it. And as far as the market environment, in general, you're correct. Volatility translates into a better operating environment for us. In a lot of commodity markets, there remains a lot of volatility. Wheat actually has been less so. And when we look to the fourth quarter, part of it is the comp again. So we look -- it looks a little bit more favorable from a quarter-over-quarter comp. And then the market -- overall, the market dynamics are somewhat improving versus what we went through here in the third quarter.
Paul T. Maass: Yes, David, I wouldn't -- I mean, I wouldn't hazard a guess. I mean, I think if you look at one of our most seasonal items and one that is just spot on with the weather, it would be our cocoa business. The category, just cocoa in general, is down about 28% to 30%. So you could back that out and -- there are other businesses that we have that are very weather-related because of the way people cook at home and things like that. But that sounds to me then like a weather report and another excuse, and we'd rather just not go down that path, quite frankly. Weather did have some effect, but I wouldn't be able to correlate it to a case count number. I don't think it's -- I don't think it adds a lot of value to the discussion.
Paul T. Maass: Yes. Not only size of the crop, but I think then, when you transition from one crop cycle to the next, that all that -- at this point, everything looks like we should have a smooth transition.
Paul T. Maass: This is Paul, and I would comment just a little bit on the corn market. Clearly, the structure is -- it's in a pretty big inverse. So as you say, the forecast is for record planted acres this spring, translated into a record crop. If you play that cycle through, that should have an impact on prices, and that's reflected in the futures markets today. I think I would comment that the world has responded to overall higher prices, so you're seeing production impacts across the globe. And from my vantage point in particular, it's really critical that we stay aligned on what our input costs are and we price appropriately. And we've got a -- if we have inflation, we've got to price it through. If we end up in a situation long-term where there's some deflation, we would be expected to adjust as well. But -- so our focus here from an operations perspective is really staying aligned with input costs and pricing.
