Gary Rodkin: Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin. And I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO, and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. David, just to amplify John’s point, we’ve really started to see things moderate more in terms of that gap in the back half of last year. So it’s really the comp of first half, second half, not really the rate of anything happening in fiscal ’11.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. And David, I would say that we are not planning on significant pricing at this point in the year. So our top-line expectation is to be in the neighborhood of about 3%, and most of that would come from volume and mix.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Okay. Final question is just what was the shares at the end of the period? I think most of this repurchase would not have showed up in weighted average shares in the fourth quarter. And then lastly, can you repeat some of your comments about advertising expense growth in the fourth quarter? I think you said it was down quite considerably. But Gary, put this in context of F ’10 overall and how you see F ’11 on advertising.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. In the fourth quarter, it was down because the previous year, the 53rd week allowed us to spend considerably more. So net for the whole year, we were up on A&P at about 6% versus a year ago.
Gary Rodkin: At this point, that’s not something that we’ve talked to our Board about. We’ve constantly talked to them about capital allocation. We are well aware of, I think, various investors’ desires around share repurchase, but we will continue to look at that as a strong alternative versus our other capital allocation options.Doug Ernst – Bank of America: All right, great. Thanks, guys. I’ll pass it on.
Gary Rodkin: I thought you are going to – I'm sorry, Ann. I apologize. I thought you wanted to ask a question about Lightlife. I didn’t realize – we are currently – some of the things we are doing, as you know, are we’ve launched in the Northeast a test market for our frozen meal offering. That portfolio today is largely refrigerated meat alternatives, and we’re actually launching a vegetarian product that is in frozen. It’s going very well. The things that we are seeing in the marketplace, benchmarking them against our competitive set there give us indications that we’ve hit a very strong product offering for the consumer, and we are going to continue to monitor the test. We have some exit criteria that we will be going through over the next couple of months. And if those criteria continue to hold to where we are today, we believe that we would be prepared for a broader rollout of that product offering.
Gary Rodkin: What we’ve done there, Ann, is we’ve got a program that we’ve put in place in the back half of this year, Q3 and Q4. We believe that’s what we’ve – we’ve laid out the competitive landscape and the pricing landscape to be pretty consistent with that, and that’s the way we’ve built our plans for next year. As Gary mentioned, we also have some wonderful products on the innovations side, some of which have just been launched already. We talked about the baked item from Marie Callender, the fruit pie from Banquet. We have this wonderful product that we are launching, which is the Lunch Steamer, that will be out in the tail end of our first quarter, which is a place we don’t really play a whole lot. So we’ve got a lot of innovation coming. This American Pie acquisition we’ve announced that provides us some strategic adjacency, which we feel – we figure is going to have a lot of fun with that product with some of the other things we have in our portfolio like Reddi-wip. So we feel really good about what we’ve got going on in frozen.
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, we – I think what you are referring to is probably explained through FX. So you are right. There was a little bit of a takedown just barely on price mix. Some of that is in our – or I’d say the majority of that or all of that is in those pass-through categories like oil and spreads. That’s really where the mix comes from. It is a somewhat sluggish environment out there and the customers are trying to drive traffic – food traffic with discounting. We believe we’ve got far better analytics than we’ve ever had before. Our pricing architecture built on price thresholds is very strong. So we believe that we are at the right price points for both us and for the retailer. So we are not really planning on seeing any negative leverage between our volume and our pricing. We see it at about even.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I would say, as long as you take a look at it over enough period time, you take it, you smooth out the promotional bumps. So here and there, we could see a gap. But it tends to straighten itself out over the course of a quarter.
Gary Rodkin: I think across the board, we’d say that it is plenty much flattened out for the reasons that you mentioned. So that would be kind of a macro level. Within our own business, we’ve got some categories where we’ve actually done pretty well. Probably the two to speak of our bar business where we’ve just made that Elan acquisition, it gave us more capacity. That is going very, very well. That’s a very good business for us. And on the Lamb Weston side, our potato business is also quite good. We have a few offsets here and there on some of the less important categories that we plan on the store brand side. So I’d say we are pleased with the priority categories within that segment for ourselves. Overall, macro, about flat.
Gary Rodkin: I think it’s – I don’t want to go into a lot of details by category, but certainly the new crop of potatoes will be down. There might be some other commodities in that business that offset a little bit of that. In the tomatoes, we are also looking at probably some favorability there as we come off of this year’s crop.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. We’ve got a fair amount of those costs identified for the year in lockdowns. So we are feeling pretty good that the direction I pointed has certainly going to come to fruition. We do want to reiterate again though that those – that the potato crops, that will impact us for most of the first half because the new harvest really doesn’t impact until the middle of the fall. So it’s important to keep that in mind.
Gary Rodkin: I think – first of all, our customer relationships are better than they have ever been before. And our largest customer, Wal-Mart, is clearly is in that camp. So the partnership bond is extremely strong. We have constant ongoing dialog. I would tell you that the award that we received was largely based on our innovation. That was the key driver because we were bringing traffic and volume into the stores, given the innovation. So I do want to reiterate that it’s important to have value-add when you sit down with the customers and that could be in the form of innovation, that can also be in the form of insights that are going to drive more traffic and profit. It is a tough environment. There is no question about it. It’s relatively sluggish. There is pressure to bring more food traffic in. We feel confident because of the mix of our portfolio. We’ve got a value proposition where we can drive a lot of traffic with products like a Banquet or Chef. And we understand those price thresholds quite well, that pricing architecture, and are able to talk that kind of language with our customer partners. And on the other side, we are driving business through the insights in the innovation. So it is more challenging that it’s been previously, but we feel as though we’ve got the right tools, the right partnerships, and the right portfolio to be able to continue to do well even in the tough environment.
Gary Rodkin: I don’t know that we have a specific target. We are really about platform innovation. And that is a really, really important point because we are looking at innovation that sticks and grows over time. If you really dissect it across the industry, the batting average on the innovation if not nearly what we would – all of us would like to see, we are kind of going against that grain. So that whole concept of filling up the pipeline with lots of new SKUs and then seeing a good portion of them fail and having to restock that pipeline is not the game that we want to play. So we are happy to see ourselves continue to be where we are and kind of ramp up a bit from there, but it’s really about those platforms and incrementality.
Gary Rodkin: No. I did comment, but you may have just missed it because I was covering so much information in such a short period of time. I did comment that we expect our sales growth for next year to be in the range of 3%.
John Gehring: Good morning.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: I’d just like to start off – I've got a number of questions, some of them are pretty quick. On the cost savings side, you talked about the $275 million just being modestly down from the $300 million in F ’10. But John, in your comments, you talked about net productivity and then you were making comparisons year-over-year. Can you simply just divide these up and tell us where – two clarifications. What is your expectation for the rate of inflation in F ’11? And then how does the $275 million pace throughout the year? It sounds like you were saying something like 60%, 70% of it shows up in the back half.
John Gehring: First of all, the rate of inflation right now what we are seeing is probably in the range of 4%. In terms of the pace of the cost savings, I guess I don’t have it broken out by quarters. I think it would flow fairly normally, but I think the issue is when you look at what happened in the first half of this fiscal 2010, the gap between cost savings and inflation, partly because inflation was slow in the first half of the year. That gap was just bigger in the first half of fiscal ’10. So we’re lapping that. And you’re just going to see a different spirit throughout the year.
John Gehring: David, I think the two largest items that I’d point to in terms of the inflation trends are probably going to be energy and proteins. There are other pressures across various commodities. Those are probably the two most significant.
John Gehring: David, on the shares, I don’t have the quarter-end share count, but I think that’s something we can follow up with.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: I’d appreciate that. Thanks a lot. Great results.
John Gehring: We are gaining distribution across the board. We’ve done really well with that product. It’s – we are still getting to – we are wrapping up our HCV distribution. What I would also like to point out to the audience is that for four quarters now in fiscal year 2010, every quarter we have increased our total point of distribution for ConAgra products at retail, which again in this environment where customers are in fact looking at clean assortment of things like that, speaks a lot to what we’ve been able to do as a sales organization as well. So every quarter this year we’ve actually gained total points of distribution.
John Gehring: Yes, it was 3% of the growth in EBIT. I don’t think there is any step. We still have a fairly small international footprint. So –
John Gehring: That’s correct. There will be – certainly the insurance proceeds probably being the most significant one there of incremental cash we will receive. It’s difficult to estimate that at this point. But clearly, the $525 million would be over the amount, net of those receipts that will define as we go through the year.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: André, can – I want to follow back up on Eric’s question on new products. I really like this topic for you guys. The incrementality of new products I think is a major key for your company. Can you comment on, just in general, your expectations of the new product incrementality going forward? And I just was curious as to any insights you might have as to how the Mediterranean Steamer launch went.
John Gehring: Let me take that in pieces. I think the hit – the impact of that loss business was probably in the range of, I must say, $0.04 to $0.06. There is different ways to look at it. Our $1.74 reflects that negative factor. So we’ve not adjusted that. We’ve just let it flow through $1.74. So, as we look ahead to fiscal 2011, we are still building back the profitability of that business as we get our long-term production capability right. So we won’t be all the way to bright until very late in fiscal ’11. As it relates to the insurance proceeds, I think as I said in my comments, we do expect to have a gain in fiscal 2011 related to the settlement of that insurance claim. However, we have not included any gain in our earnings growth estimate for fiscal 2011.
André Hawaux: I’ll take that. This is André. I think overall we felt very good. Well, first of all, let me just set some context. This is for Consumer Foods. Fiscal year 2010 was the first year that we’ve gained both dollar share and unit share as an organization for the last years. I think you have to understand that context, which is really important. We feel really good about that. I think what we saw in Q4 overall is the categories in which we competed softened versus Q3, but yet again, on our top 15 categories, we held share in terms of dollars and we gained a slight unit share. Overall, the total portfolio, we declined a little bit in the fourth quarter, but that was a function of a lot of our other categories. But I think net-net we feel very good about where we were. We saw continued pressure in overall pricing and in the category softness across the board in large grocery.Doug Ernst – Bank of America: Okay, great. And then on a separate topic, on share repurchase, we had a few names in the packaged food space due to accelerated share repurchases recently. Just wondering – you have $400 million left on your authorization and over $900 million of cash on the balance sheet. I was wondering if you guys considered an ASR in the near-term.
André Hawaux: Yes, Rob, we do expect and they are going to be different by platform obviously, but absolutely. That’s one of the things we have focused top of mind with our sales organization, its point of distribution, its market share and it’s continuing to win with customers based on superior insights, superior innovation, and marketing. So that’s our goal. That’s one of the metrics that we have front and center with (inaudible).
André Hawaux: Alexia, this is André. I think we have seen retailers again work really hard, to Gary’s point earlier, to drive traffic into their outlets. So we’ve seen them do a lot of things in the marketplace relative to funding some of these things. That said, we’ve also talked about some of our pass-through categories where we have actually taken price declines. But we’ve had – since about the second and third quarter, we’ve had some pretty consistent pricing architecture, goals and price controls, as well as promoted price points that we are really driving. So we see a continuation of that. That’s what we’ve built into our algorithm for next year. And we believe we – we are providing good consumer value, and we believe that’s where our promotions will line up for next year.
André Hawaux: This is André. I think what we like about that business is what we are seeing in our core business that we have. We have a very large store brand bar business. They give additional capabilities, the things that we currently could not offer our customers, especially on the nutrition side that we see as a growing category. So we felt it was complementary to a business that we’ve seen grow very significantly the last several years actually. And these partnerships that we are developing with our customers continue to be bigger and bigger. And they are looking to us to provide more variety in our offering. And this organization provided us the ability to do that. So we feel it’s a really good complement that we are already doing, in a high growth business for us.
André Hawaux: Okay. I’ll take the second one first. The Mediterranean Steamer line has gone extremely well. We continue to be – I wouldn’t say surprised, but we continue to be flattered by how well we do with steamers and anything we do as we move that platform. We really believe that has really changed the game in frozen foods. So we’ve done very well of that. And we continue to see, again, we are just introducing lunch now, Lunch Steamers, which will go out in the tail end of the first quarter into the second quarter. And that again will bring some things to the lunch offering that – where we have not been strong and where consumers have looked for innovation. So that’s – we are very, very happy with where we’ve gone there. I think the incrementality for us is something that Gary mentioned that we talk about a lot. We are not looking to just produce fuse and line extensions and the flavor of the year or flavor of the quarter. We really are looking to separate ourselves with this notion of platform. So if you think about steaming, what that’s done, that’s a platform. If you think about – in shelf stable, fresh mixers in the Marie offering that we have now, it can be in the meal, has really been a platform. When you think about the acquisition we’ve made relative to Elan, that’s really about a platform on bars and bringing other items there. So we really look at it that way. So we’re not going to be the ones that launch 400 to 500 SKUs. It doesn’t fly with our philosophy of what we are trying to do. It really is around platform. So we believe, as a result of that, our innovation is going to be a whole lot stickier. And the last one we’ve also just recently done is this whole Micro-Rite tray, which provides the cooking capability in your microwave of what would be an oven-like feel, if you will. So those are kind of things that you will see from us that I think our stick rate would be significantly higher than most.
