Dave Marberger: Yes, just to give you some examples, so if you look at the first half, our CapEx spending is up over 50%. Right? So we're investing in CapEx now, some of the big drivers there, there's a lot of things, we have two big network optimization projects, one in grocery; one in a refrigerated frozen, that drives strong ROI and continues to help drive our margins. And then we have a big investment in Birds Eye to build capacity for the long term. So As Sean said we'd look at a capital allocation on a balance basis. But we feel really good about the investment opportunities we have in CapEx. And so it's a good situation, because we have a lot of good things to invest in.
Dave Marberger: That's correct. Yes. And you'll see in our Q that we file our estimate for the year for CapEx and that reflects that.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, so when you look at this quarter, grocery and snacks was really hit harder in two areas relative to refrigerated and frozen. One, more of the COVID related costs hit grocery and snacks. So our COVID costs include additional transportation costs, all that kind of PPE stuff, commands that we use, so more of that hit grocery and snacks in the quarter. And then secondly, inflation, more of our overall inflation for the quarter hits the grocery and snacks business relative to refrigerated and frozen. So there are really two of the drivers when you look at the two segments side by side.
Dave Marberger: You'll see on our bridge, the COVID related costs are separate than inflation. So we'll look at, our commodities and packaging, inflation transportation that's separate than COVID. The COVID things are just specific costs relate that we're incurring because of the COVID environment. So yes, that for this quarter, inflation was 2.9%. That translates to the 200 basis point headwind in operating margin you see on the bridge, but then you'll see another bridge item which is 100 basis point headwinds that's COVID related costs, so we break those out separately. So yes, I said for Q3, we expect that inflation number to be more around 3.5% versus the 2.9% that we saw in Q2.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So why don't I? Why not I start with that, so yes, we are seeing inflation, from a procurement perspective, our procurement department is very experienced, and we're looking at every area, from every commodity, and we're taking positions where we feel like there are opportunities to do that. So that's really part of our ongoing kind of process. So, at this point, obviously, we're looking at fiscal 2021. But we'll even have positions that go into fiscal 2022. So that's all part of our internal process that we always have. The key part of this and then I'll pass it to Sean is, and we've talked about this at Investor Day, that we manage margins to offset inflation in a lot of different areas. And so, we look at, obviously, we have our productivity programs and supply chain, we have our margin and accretive innovation, our pricing, trade optimization, our mix, and then the way we can sculpt margin through M&A. And so we're obviously looking at all those levers, and then more recently, obviously, with Pinnacle in the synergies that we're getting out of that. That's helping drive margin plus the fixed overhead absorption we're getting from the higher volumes from COVID. So that all comes into play as we think about margin from a macro level. Sean, anything to -- 
Dave Marberger: Yes, we're not giving specifics on fiscal 2022 as it relates to inflation right now, Jason, but we reaffirm fiscal 2022. So you can assume that we're looking at different ranges of outcomes for inflation, but we're not disclosing it at this point.
Chris Growe: Hi, good morning. I just had a question for you. And when I look at the divisions, and this is in relation to my expectations, you had really strong leverage in the refrigerated and frozen division, and then less leveraged and says that way in the snacks and grocery division. And that was a little different than what I expected for the quarter. I just want to understand maybe the nuances between those two divisions, and I guess the degree to which you're using third parties, for example, for manufacturing, that could be limiting the margin expansion say the grocery and snacks division, as an example.
Chris Growe: Okay, thank you. And then just a bit of a follow on in terms of your input costs, you also call our transportation costs as incremental costs for them. And you mentioned before, Dave, that input costs are up in sound like that upper 2s maybe 3% type range, they're going to be higher in Q3. When you give that figure is that incorporating COVID related costs as well? Is that the kind of the total cost basket? And if so, I'm just curious if that's the right number kind of 3.5% all in for the third quarter.
Chris Growe: Okay, so therefore, a little heavier hit the gross margin in the third quarter. I see that in the bridge. So thank you.
Sean Connolly: Yes, no, I think just reemphasizing integrated margin management is a capability we put in place a number of years ago, it is multi faceted, it is how we offset inflation, the only thing that I would point out that potentially different Bryan, or emphasis is different. Post COVID is brand mix, specifically, the staples business, which is stronger today. And these cooking utilities that we expected may remain a bit stronger because of these millennials cooking at home, those tend to be extremely relatively strong margins for us. So that is, that's good brands mix for us. And that's just, that's fortunate that piece of the portfolio, and these younger consumers engaging in cooking habits, and really liking our number one brands in that space, that's a positive overall in terms of integrated margin management.
Sean Connolly: Well, within the six traditional levers that we lean on to kind of offset any kind of margin compression, the one that you really poking at there are pricing, and the way the language we use internally is inflation justified pricing. Our view is always that if inflation justifies it, we will seek to take prices. And that's kind of always been our approach. It's never a joyous walk in the park, as you all know, but it is something that principally we as manufacturers have to do because we need to continue to make these investments in our innovation, so that we can keep these categories growing and keep the retailers happy, and it's difficult to do that if inflation comes in, you cannot take inflation justify prices.
Sean Connolly: Yes, so let me take a shot at that. Rob. So, obviously, starting at the top of this point to how we come out, post COVID and what the stickiness is obviously impacts the top line and that drives the sales dollars and then the gross profit, operating profit dollars, right. So but if you kind of step back and you look at this core and let me just take this Q2 and dissect it a little bit differently. So you can get an understanding of kind of what's happening in margin. If you look at we improved operating margin 250 basis points this quarter, and there's three buckets. Okay? The first bucket is improvement that we got, that's not going to stay with us. And that's 10 basis points of the 250. And what is that, that's all this COVID stuff, it's the COVID costs that are bad guy; it's the lower SG&A from Covid because we're not traveling, which is a good guy, it's favorable absorption across the P&L, which is a good guy, you net all that stuff together, that's 10 basis points of benefit we got this quarter, that's not going to return. The second bucket is what is going to recur. And that's our core productivity, that is our realized productivity from supply chain, that's our clinical synergies, and then that's inflation and business investments. For the quarter, the net benefit of that were 60 basis points, and those programs will continue to go. The third bucket is where we are still evaluating it in terms of the ongoing benefit is price mix. We had 180 basis points of price mix benefit in Q2. Now the majority of that was mix, and a lot of that's from volume. So there is a part of that that will not recur. But there's also a benefit from less merchandising and pricing in there. And some of that will recur, but we're not quantifying what amount of 180 will recur. So I say that way, because it's hard to look at some of these numbers sometimes and really understand what's ongoing versus what's not. So hopefully, that's a little helpful, kind of looking at this quarter and thinking how it could apply. But all that kind of goes into the mixture, obviously inflation, everything else we're looking at, as we run scenarios, to give us the confidence to reaffirm 2022.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Rob, it's Sean. Obviously, buybacks have been part of our repertoire before, and undoubtedly, will be again, in any given window, it's all about the relative appeal of these capital allocation options, and obviously, stock price factors into that one that you raised. So obviously, this is a, it's clearly an option for us and one that we will weigh against our other options.
