Sean Connolly: Well, I think, Andrew, in terms of how we think about return on investment, let me be very clear around what we are and what we're not doing in support of our brands. Number one, as you heard in our prepared remarks, we've got a multifaceted investment plan that spans advertising, innovation support, merchandising support and more. Number two, we've got an ROI mindset in everything we do. This Company has worked very hard to expand our operating margins over the last nine years and we did not get there by being frivolous. Number three, with respect to merchandising, I've consistently pointed out that there was room to do more in a high-quality way, operative words high-quality, now that the supply chain is humming again, especially on key brands and around key merchandising windows. And as you know, Conagra's merchandising today is very different from a decade ago. Our overall merchandising levels are below peers and our depth of discount is extremely reasonable. It's been, over the last several years, more of a frequency strategy. The last point I'll make is that part of our ROI mindset is understanding where the consumer is in terms of their readiness to reengage with more typical purchase behaviors and it was important that we test that a bit in Q2. And as you heard in our remarks, we liked what we saw. So, I think, all of this adds up to a deliberate plan in the second-half to smartly invest to build momentum with consumers, set ourselves up for a nice fiscal '25 and be very responsible in terms of the types of activities we engage in, and, again, it's everything from merchandising to advertise. But that - I think that's kind of the response I give it to the - that question.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Great question. Here's how to think about where we are big picture. Yes, the macro-environment has challenged volumes for the Group a bit longer than expected. And yes, we would all like to get back on growth algorithms ASAP. But in the simplest sense, before you can return to volume growth, you have to sunset the volume declines and get them into your base. And that's why we've been very focused on tracking volume trends. And as you saw in our deck, those trends have improved significantly, particularly, where we have invested to reengage lapsed consumers. In fact, Conagra's trend bend in Q2 has been one of the better ones in the Group. So, given the consumer response we saw in Q2, the associated increase in H2 investments and the easier comps we've got in H2, we fully expect that the volume declines will further sunset in the second-half. But to be clear, and to answer your question, we are not banking on a major improvement in the macro or are we signing-up for huge volumes. The goal at this juncture is to build momentum, move the volumes back toward growth as we approach fiscal '25, and make sure that we deliver along the way without signing-up for anything heroic. And I think that kind of best describes where we are.
Sean Connolly: Rob, it's Sean. I'll just add a point on there. As we talk to our team about delivering this year, we said at the beginning of the year two things we're going to have to demonstrate as a team and those things are agility and resilience. And part of the agility piece, from the beginning of the year, has been really trying to understand the consumer readiness to resume more typical purchase behaviors after we saw some of the shifts emerge in the spring. And so, you may recall on last quarter's call, I mentioned that our assessment was that consumer wasn't quite ready to engage in that. So, we were fairly conservative in Q1 and Q2 in terms of deploying some of these dollars, because we wanted to kind of keep those funds for the back-half of the year where we had more confidence that the consumer was really going to be ready. And we - as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we deliberately tried to assess that readiness in Q2. And we really - we're quite encouraged by what we saw. So, now that we've got - a lot of our powder is still dry for the back-half of the year, we've got some easier comps and we've got consumers that are demonstrating a real willingness to kind of reengage their more typical purchase behaviors with a little bit of a nudge from us across this multifaceted investment plan. We like where we sit in terms of the fullness of the support for the back-half of the year.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I'll give you a sense of it, Rob, because we've got a pretty - we've got a pretty large scope here at Conagra. And so, if you look at where we invest and where we want to get good lifts, we're super selective, right. We pick our spots. We're not out there spending money trying to drive lifts on Manwich or business like that. We're driving lifts, we're focusing our dollars on those categories where we know the consumer really wants to buy the category. But for other reasons, particularly, the objective of trying to stretch their budget, they've made a short-term sacrifice, and that's the way they describe it to us when we talk to them. They're depriving themselves, they're sacrificing particularly on convenience items. So, if you look at a product, like Frozen single-serve meals, where we saw such tremendous lift in Q2, what you've got going on here is some consumers who were really financially stretched were basically forced to give up on some of that buying rate. They didn't stop buying the category. They reduced their buying rate and they started doing things like scratch cooking rice and beans and ground beef. They do not want to do that. I can assure you. I have been in food for 30 years. That's the last thing they want to do, and they don't like to cook, they don't like to clean, they don't like any of that. They'd rather be buying our stuff. But when they've got to make some short-term trade-offs, especially, over the course of the summer when they were spending their money on things like travel, they'll do it short-term. But when you give consumers with that kind of a headset, a bit of a stimulus to reengage, they're super responsive to it. But, again, not every category is created equal. So, if it's a - if it's more of a staple category, where there's another alternative, where they were trading down to a store brand, maybe you're not going to get a lift. But that's not the kind of investments we're talking about. Those are not the kind of events or categories where we're focusing our energy.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Pam, it's Sean. Let me make just a quick comment upfront. I'll flip it over to Dave. The macro-environment that we talked about in Q1, I mentioned again today, it persisted into Q2. So, we've just seen fewer purchases in our first-half than we would have assumed at the beginning of the year. So, that's part of the call down the top-line. The second part of it is, I don't want to sign us up at this point for any kind of heroic volume recovery in the back-half of the year, because I think the mood of our investors is, let's be prudent, let's be up the middle of fairway, let's put some targets out there that are not making any grand assumptions that we can meet or beat. And that's kind of what's behind it, because we like the momentum we saw in the second-quarter. We have every intention of further driving that momentum in the second-half. And we have a high degree of confidence that we're going to get what we expect. And that - at this point, that's really what we're focused on, is fiscal '25 - setting up a really nice fiscal '25 and exiting this year with momentum. And the sales outlook that we've given for the balance of the last year, kind of, is right in that vein. Dave, over to you.
Sean Connolly: Sure, Alexia. So, let me take us back to kind of the pandemic for a minute. When we guide - hit with the pandemic, we fully expected that we would hit the pause button on innovation even though we had the pipeline ready to launch. To our surprise, our customers asked us in a very convincing way not to do that. And so, we slowed innovation launches modestly during the pandemic, but only modestly. And in fact, if you look at the amount of innovation we continued to put into the marketplace through the pandemic, it was probably the highest or among the highest in our peer group. So, we really didn't pause the way we expected. When we kept - we kept the momentum there since then. Last year was a much bigger launch, it was one of our biggest launches yet, and we had tremendous performance in terms of productivity per TPD and overall TPDs. And this year is perhaps our biggest innovation slate yet. So, the - we'll share some metrics when we're at CAGNY. Just to give you, kind of, what we track historically, we track this thing called renewal rate, which is a percentage of our annual sales. It comes from items we've launched in the last three years. 10 years ago, we were probably at 8%. And then, over the last five years, we probably hit a high watermark of 15%. So, that's kind of the ballpark we like to be in, is that 13% to 15% depending upon what we've got coming into the marketplace. And, again, this year is our biggest launch year yet. And we've also, as Dave pointed out, backed that with customer investments and slotting investments, both in the front-half and, very materially, in the second-half of this year. And we'll do the full parade of innovation for you in a month or so at CAGNY, so you can see it. We hit some of the highlights today in our prepared remarks. I think the fun one is this Wendy's chili business, because we're always focused on Frozen and Snacks around here. And this thing has just emerged from zero to be a major player in that category. So, more to come on that in CAGNY. But net-net, it's a very significant year for us on an innovation front.
Sean Connolly: All right. So Nik, the first one is easy. The answer is no, no impact there. And on the second one, that is a very keen observation because I mentioned how our volume outlook for the back half of the year does not assume anything heroic. Part of not assuming anything heroic, we're not assuming that some of the away-from-home dollars begin to shift into at home, and you're 100% correct. If that happens, that's a tailwind for us and probably for the group. What's very interesting is how sticky some of this away-from-home spending has been even though we've seen a challenged consumer who is making trade-offs to stretch their household balance sheet. The one place that they've been fairly resilient is in their away-from-home spending. Should consumers stress increase from here. That is historically the first place that you would see an additional behavior shift is, you would see a reduction in away-from-home spend and you would see an equal and opposite response in home eating. That has not happened yet. But as we think about calendar year 2024, certainly, that is a potential positive if the environment remains stressed and the consumer decides they need to make further shifts.
Sean Connolly: The price gaps versus away-from-home tend to take care of themselves. When the consumer reaches a point and they say, look, my burrito and my coke to go have now gotten too expensive, they first make the switch to stop doing that. Second, they switch to buy in the grocery store. And third, hopefully, they're buying our products. But we do look at our categories and look at this volume malleability as if it is an open set, meaning it's not just what's on shelf and then what's to the left or right of it that's switching, but it could be other categories. So an example would be, I referenced in our prepared remarks today that we are going to be - one of the things we're going to be investing behind is advertising on our Birds Eye business. Well, that is in the marketplace right now. It is running, and it is directly comparative advertising to canned vegetables. And it is focused on delivering a superior relative value message because while it might be tempting to trade down to a canned vegetable in the current environment, the trade-off on quality is simply not worth that trade down, and you end up actually in a worse value proposition. So that's an example of where we're thinking about the competitive set more broadly than what's immediately to the left or right of our products in any given section, and we're thinking about where consumers might go elsewhere, and really getting after that in a very targeted hard-hitting way with a focus on quality and superior relative value.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me try to kind of re-hit what we touched on our prepared remarks for us, I'm not going to comment on Q3. We're in Q3, so we'll stick with Q2. We saw clear evidence in Q2 that where we deployed investment to kind of help the consumer with this process of kind of reengaging in the more typical purchase behaviors, we got the response we were looking for. And because that was real empirical evidence that, of course, inspired confidence that if we do more of that in the second half of the year, we will get a similar type of response. But from a planning posture standpoint, we are not banking on major improvement in the macro consumer environment or signing up for a huge consumer response. So one might interpret that as we've got the investment in there, but what we're banking on in return is conservative. Look, in this current environment, that's probably not a bad posture to be in because this volume recovery has been more elongated than people expect. But I think that's that is a fair characterization of kind of what we're looking at.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Let me try to give you some color, and kind of unwind the price mix. Let me start with Q2. So, our price mix for the quarter was minus 0.5%. There were several dynamics to that. So, if you start with our tailwinds. As I mentioned, we did take pricing. We thought we have high inflation in tomatoes. We took tomato pricing in our domestic retail and Foodservice business. We did have some other pricing in International. That was partially offset by some pass-through pricing we have basically in our oil-based businesses, which is our spreads business. So, when you net those together, pricing was actually a tailwind. So, it was positive in that price mix. The other component was investment in slotting. Slotting was pretty significant. This quarter, it was about 30 basis points year-on-year of investment to support our large slate of innovation, which we talked about in the prepared remarks. And other piece that was negative this quarter was mix. And this is simply selling a higher percentage of our lower sales dollar per unit item. So, for example, lower sales on a multi-serve meals like Bertolli relative to higher sales on the Banquet pot pie, that is just a negative sales mix. That's the timing thing, Peter. So, over the course of the year, that tends to work-out, but quarter-to-quarter it can flip a little positive or a little negative. So, that was negative in this quarter. And then, the remaining piece is the trade and merchandising investment. And that was less than the slotting investment for the second quarter. So, there is a lot in there that gets to that 0.5%. I did comment that in the second-half, we do expect price mix to be down. Those dynamics are pretty much the same. We would expect less negative impact from mix in the second-half and more increase in the, kind of, the trade and merchandising investment. So, the second-half price mix will be a little bit down a little bit more than we saw in Q2, but directionally in that in that area. So, that - hopefully, that gives you some color on price mix.
Dave Marberger: Sure. So, we're always looking at all of our options. Obviously, we have our commercial paper. We have a lot of liquidity. As you saw in the first-half, our free cash flow was very strong. Usually, this Company, we don't deliver really strong free cash flow in the first-half. Our conversion is usually very low with all the free cash flow coming in the second-half. Well, given our focus on working capital and Ardent Mills cash distributions, we had a very strong first-half, and we expect the second-half free cash flow to be very strong as well. So, it puts us in a nice position, where come May, when the bond is due, we're going to have strong free cash flow. We have access to our commercial paper and then, obviously, we're always looking at the capital markets to see if there's an opportunity to refinance. Rates seem to be coming down. We watch them very closely. So, we look at all the options and we figure out what's the best combination. Maybe, we use our free cash flow to paydown some of it and refinance the other part. But we'll look at all our options as we go-forward. But - I like where we are, given our strong free cash flow.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Rob. So, let me answer that a couple different ways. So, if you just look at the total year, our guide - our operating margin guide is approximately 15.6%, that's where we came in, in fiscal '23. And when you look at gross margin, you look at A&P and SG&A, we generally expect to be in-line with where we were prior year. So, to your question, if - we were 2.4% last year, if we come in again at 2.4% dollar-wise, that's a little bit lower than where we were, and we're still looking at that. There is opportunity to spend up if we want to. The way we look at it though is if you look at A&P first-half versus second-half, our A&P spending is going to be up around 20% in the second-half relative to the first-half. So, we're just looking at what's the run-rate on spend now and what is it going to be in the second-half to support the advertising that Sean talked about in our other kind of digital advertising that we've been doing. So, we feel good about the second-half and the trajectory of the A&P relative to the first-half.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, Pam, if you just take the midpoint of our guide for the year on organic net sales, that implies a second-half organic net sales of minus 1%. And that's going to be a combination, based on the way we forecasted it and incorporating the comments - the important comment Sean just made, is a combination of price mix - slightly negative price-mix and slightly negative volume. The combination of those two to get to the minus 1% organic, that's H2. And that's improvement on total sales and volumes as we've seen Q1 to Q2, and then H2, we expect that improvement to continue, so that as - we continue to track towards growth by the time we get to the end of fiscal '24.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So, if you look at the second-half, gross margins - if you look at where we landed the first-half in gross margins, we were at 27.2%, I think, is our first-half gross margin. Our second-half should be generally in-line with that, maybe a little bit below that. So, the second-half, where you're going to see the reduction in operating margin is coming from the higher investment in A&P as a percentage of sales and the timing of SG&A being higher in H2 than it was in H1. So, that's really the second-half reduction in operating margin. So, when the dust settles and you look at the full-year, we've guided to 15.6% operating margin, that will be in-line with fiscal '23. And if you look at kind of where we land with margin A&P and SG&A, we'll be pretty close to where we were prior year.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So if you just look at the guidance and you kind of say, okay, where are we going to land? We guided to operating margin of 15.6%. In that is gross margin, and gross margin is going to come in pretty close to where it landed in fiscal 2023. So you look at that and you say, okay, we kept gross margin flat to prior year when we've wrapped on pricing, our sales are going to be down for the year based on our guidance, and we've had a pretty significant impact from negative absorption, right, because volumes were down all of last year and they're down first half of this year. So being in manufacturing when you start to get your volumes more stable and actually start inflecting them to be positive, that negative absorption headwind goes away. So the focus now is we keep gross margins flat this year, we're increasing our investment, which gets our total investment when we finish this year back to more normalized trade levels. So we're going to have a business where the margins are consistent with last year, our investments back to where it was, and we have a lot of negative absorption that's in our base. So in fiscal 2025, we can get back to growth. We have some opportunities to leverage our cost base. We have an investment base that's where it should be, and it sets us up well for fiscal 2025. So there's a lot of things bouncing around, but when you copter up and you just look at where we're going to finish the year, that's how I think about it.
Dave Marberger: Yes I - really interesting question. Basically, what we're saying is that, yes, the consumer is still deploying some value-seeking tactics to stretch their balance sheet, and that has had some impact on how they prioritized categories. And not every category is equal there, Max, in terms of what we've seen in the category. So we've seen tactics like this from consumers before, and they tend to serve their purpose over a short horizon and then they tend to disappear. But interestingly, even in some of the categories that remain softer than usual, we are seeing volume malleability via investments that drive share. But over time, frankly, we will take what the field gives us in the moment, whether that's improved volumes through share gains or improved volumes through improving category momentum. I think we're going to see both going forward.
Dave Marberger: Yes. We - really almost all of the delta and SG&A in the quarter was driven from incentive comp. So that really drove the delta in the quarter. We do expect SG&A as a percentage of net sales to be higher in the second half. So it will get our SG&A as a percentage of net sales, close to where it was a year ago. So, there's some timing elements to this, especially with incentive comp, because it can it really can be a timing item relative to where you were in the prior year in your forecast. But as it relates to Q2, it drove all the variance in SG&A.
