Sean Connolly: Sure. Thanks, Andrew. Good to hear from you. Hope all is well. Well, the short answer is that that concern is totally unwarranted. But let’s copter up for a second, just look at the big picture here. Over the past six years, we have totally transformed our company and our culture and the magnitude of the portfolio modernization we’ve delivered is arguably best-in-class. And that incredible work by our Conagra team put us in a position to capitalize on the unique and unprecedented trialing opportunity that COVID presented. We knew that our modernized products would perform and that our repeat purchases would be excellent. So what did we do? We invested during the pandemic to maximize trial and try to capture the lifetime value of these new mostly younger consumers, look, no further than our aggressive stance on transportation solutions and e-commerce in Q3. So if you flash forward to fiscal 2022, our conviction around getting our products – our modernized products into consumer’s mouths won’t change. We play the long game and we do not burn the furniture to create better margin percent optics short-term. This is my – I think is my ninth-year as a public company CEO, and I’ve never taken that route. So I don’t think that concern is warranted.
Sean Connolly: Well, we’ve reiterated 2022 and we feel good about the 2022 algorithm overall Ken. And the precise permutation of how things unfold is not yet clear because things are moving around still quite a bit. But here’s how I think about 2022 in general versus what we were originally envisioning. The topline clearly looks stronger, margins look more challenged short-term due to inflation and the lags that usually follow price increases. And so given we’re still in the midst of finalizing our annual operating plan and our pricing plans, it is premature to communicate the precise permutation of how things will unfold. But in our eyes, we expect things to unfold in such a way that we deliver the guidance overall.
Sean Connolly: David, it’s Sean. We’ve talked about how these acute inflationary periods work with respect to pricing many times over the years and this lag concept is an important one, right? When you see broad-based inflation across an industry, across the basket the way we’re seeing now, you tend to see the whole industry kind of acknowledge that they’ve got to contend with these things. They’ve got to deal with it. And not as I said a few minutes ago, not all businesses are created equal in terms of when the positive impact of pricing shows up in the P&L versus the negative impact of the inflation. There can be a lag, so over the course of a full-year, that’s kind of how you tend to see it go as you see more of a headwind in the short-term. And then you see recovery as pricing goes into the marketplace. And then oftentimes, there is the benefit the following year as you begin to wrap. So we’ll see how it plays out this year. What we can say at this point is we’re flat out on all of these integrated margin management levers that we go after in times like this.
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously, we have been active over the years in divestitures and our philosophy on that has really not changed. It’s been that if there is business that doesn’t fit strategically, if it’s a chronic drag on our sales or chronic drag on our margins or somebody else just really puts tremendous value on it. We’re open to divestitures should a legitimate offer come along that we see clearing the hurdle of the intrinsic value of the business and that’s kind of always been our case. And we’re fully aware of the timing of the capital loss carry-forward and we have divested assets leveraging that along the way. And frankly, we have been open to other things as well. But it’s not strategic for us, let me put it this way to pursue utilizing the capital loss carry-forward for the sake of utilizing the capital loss carry-forward, it would be strategic for us to divest an asset that didn’t fit or was something that wasn’t a priority for us as long as the valuation that was inbound clear the intrinsic value of that. And if that were to happen at any point in time, we would be open to it. When that’s in place, we’ve done deals.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Alexia, Sean here. Just one other thing that I would encourage the investor to think about as they think about our topline long-term. You think about our business, you’ve got three consumer domains, you’ve got frozen, you’ve got snacks and you’ve got staples. And so what does a long-term investor have to believe to feel good about our topline going forward? I think they’ve got to believe that there is continued growth opportunity in frozen, I certainly do. They got to believe there is continued growth opportunity with this awesome snacks business we have, I certainly do. But what’s really interesting post-pandemic is the staples business and that’s a very strong margin business for us and it’s been performing phenomenally well and this whole dynamic with younger consumers learning how to cook, realizing the tremendous value proposition of cooking simple meals at home, beginning to form families and with this kind of at-home nesting, it’s a real phenomenon and that’s a good thing because it would lead a reasonable person to believe that that business is at least going to be staple. So if you think about the total mix of the portfolio, you’ve got a big profitable staple business and two growing domains. I like the way that shapes up for years to come.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Bryan, we’ve already been doing that across a number of our businesses and top line remains strong. We’ll continue to do that because if you look over time at the IRRs we get on numerous broad-based capital investments, the best IRRs are typically those associated with increasing capacity on our growing businesses like Slim Jim and others. So that’s a great return on all time and we’ll continue to look for opportunities to do that and we spread it out based on how we need it, but we’ve already been making those investments in added capacity both internally and with co-packers. Interestingly the way, as you all know, works with some of these co-packer investments is, those can be a headwind to margins in the short-term, but if you believe that the demand on the other end of the consumer there is sustainable. Typically when you repatriate that capacity back in-house, that’s expansive to margin at that point in time. So that concept remains intact as well and we’ll look for opportunities to do that going forward.
Sean Connolly: As I’ve mentioned many times, we’re agnostic to where we put brand building dollars as long as we get good impact and a good ROI. And so your example on media, I think a number of years ago, I said look a lot of people could have come to us and offered to deploy media, medias what we choose to run, and it’s a question of what’s the effectiveness and what’s the ROI on that. So we’re open minded to different kinds of investment. But by the way, that’s not all that we’ve invested in an e-commerce, as we talked before the importance of investments in search and other things so that we show up well in the digital shelf, so to speak, are very important, but we have been pretty good at keeping our overall level of total marketing investment rock solid over the years. We just tend to move it around from pocket to pocket based on what specific opportunity in any given window gives us the greatest impact and the greatest return on investment.
Sean Connolly: Yes, that’s typically – and by the way if we just principally, if we were ever going to add incremental investment to what we would do, it would be because we see a return for that and that’s where – that’s where, you know what I mean by that is, it was incremental investments to me when you see opportunities where they’re not a tax on EBIT, but there actually an accelerant to EBIT because of what they do to the top line. That’s positive ROI. We’ve always been open to that kind of thing. That’s not something we’re forecasting, but it’s just principally how we think about those kinds of investments.
Sean Connolly: Well, with respect to the stickiness, stimulus and other things aside, we obviously think it’s real and that our conviction there is growing even stronger day-by-day, but we don’t need that stickiness, as I said before, to get to our revenue algorithm. Hopefully as the database case for stickiness becomes more concrete, some of the reflexive cynicism in the market around stickiness will pivot to justified optimism and I think that’s obviously going to unfold, based on how the data continues to unfold. In terms of, you know things, regulatory changes, tax changes, stimulus changes, things like that, SNAP, we do our best to try to prognosticate exactly how that’s going to land and factoring it into our – into our forecasting processes and you should assume that we do that, we’ve got – I think you guys know, we’ve got a really impressive demand science team and they look at macro factors like that that could have an impact and we leverage them to get to the best forecast we can get to.
David Marberger: Andrew, we’re right on target with synergy. There was $24 million of incremental synergy in the quarter. That brings us to $270 million cumulative and we’re still on track to hit our target of $305 million by the end of next year.
David Marberger: Yes. Sure. So Sean hit the pricing. As it relates to realized productivity, first of all, we have a very experienced supply chain organization with really strong processes across the entire network. So if you look historically, we’ve approximated 3% of cost of goods sold realized productivity savings, if you go back historically. Efficiency in the plants, network opportunity, sourcing, there’s just a series of different areas and we continue to execute projects to drive the cost savings opportunity. So obviously, this isn’t changing as we look forward. There is other levers though. As Andrew had asked previously, we are on track with our Pinnacle synergies to go from our $270 million where we are year-to-date this year to $305 million by the end of next fiscal year, less COVID-related costs in fiscal 2022. As people become vaccinated, the entire end-to-end supply chain is going to benefit from less supply disruption and that will enable us to reduce excess cost being incurred in fiscal 2021 to support demand. The Q3 incremental transportation investment that I discussed in my remarks, that’s one example. That was $15 million of investment just in this quarter. Another area is supplementing volume with [co-mans] [ph], both the incremental cost of the co-man and the incremental distribution cost to get it from the co-man to the customer. And so that’s another important lever. We’re over $100 million year-to-date in those COVID-related costs that as we looked at 2022 should really be an opportunity for us to get that out of the base. We will have some headwinds with fixed overhead absorption and overall segment mix, but we think product mix is an opportunity for us. And then as we always talk about margin accretive innovation, our innovation continues to be strong and we are really bullish on making sure that it’s margin accretive. So, yes, there’s a lot of things, a lot of dynamic that’s driving this right now, but based on the analysis we’ve done in the different scenarios, we think we have various ways that we can reach our 2022 profitability numbers.
David Marberger: Yes. So I’m not going to give you the specific. We do expect additional investment in Q4. I’m not going to say that it’s exactly $15 million. It’s a little fluid. The overall objective is to optimize getting product to customers as quickly and efficiently as possible. So for certain categories in staples and snacking where inventory has been tight, we made the decision to bypass our normal DC distribution system network and ship directly from plant or directly from one selected DC. So that gives us better inventory and it allows us to meet customer demand more efficiently and it improves product availability. But it comes at an incremental cost, inefficient shipping lanes and sporadic frequency of distribution route. So there is a lot of dynamics there that’s going to continue into Q4 and we’ll manage that number the best we can.
David Marberger: Yes. David, we’re not going to get into specifics on fiscal 2022 right now. As said in my comments, we expect the inflation rate to accelerate into Q4 and into early fiscal 2022. But we’ll give more color in July when we give our Q4 earnings.
David Marberger: Well, David, it entirely depends upon what is the barrier to maximizing trial in any given window. So Q3 is very instructive example in this regard. You can look at our topline in Q3 and say, wow, we beat our guidance on the topline, was that because of the A&P increase? The answer to that is no. We planned for a double-digit increase in A&P and we still over delivered on our topline. So what was it exactly that drove the incremental lift on the topline? It was a deliberate and spontaneous choice by our management team to invest in transportation solutions that are atypical for us. They come at a higher cost and we chose to do that and make that investment. Why did we do that? Because we’ve got phenomenal repeat and depth of repeat data and so we’re very confident in the ROI of that investment because we’re very serious about investing in the business in the short-term during this trial period in order to capture this lifetime value. So we’ve been doing it. Also the decision to continue to lean hard on e-commerce where we tend to get the best ROIs, we tend to over index most with the younger consumers who are going to be the ones that deliver that lifetime value. This is very purposeful in our regard and we are absolutely – we don’t have any comments today on beyond 2022. But what we can say is, we’re playing the game hard to optimize what beyond 2022 looks like in terms of our consumer base because we’re having such good fortune generating loyalty.
David Marberger: Hey, Alexia. Just roughly of the price mix benefit we saw in the quarter, it’s roughly 50-50 mix kind of price and promotion. I’ll kind of put it into those two buckets. As it comes to the mix part of it, a lot of that is really segment mix. So we are growing our domestic retail segments significantly which are strong in terms of sales mix relative to our foodservice business, which is down, but we’re also seeing favorable mix within the business. So it’s really a combination of segment and kind of brand product mix, if you will.
David Marberger: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is that Jason, that’s why I said price and promotion because we really look at them together. When you’re looking at the impact of price, obviously you have to look at not just the list price but how you promote what your strategy is to promote as well. So it all goes into the net realized price calculus. So just wanted to clarify that.
