Sean Connolly: Okay, sure Andrew. Let me tackle that. The concept you’re raising is that because we’ve got this crisis situation and people are eating much more at home and not away from home, products like ours are getting levels of trial that were not anticipated and that could turn into consistent users over time as that trial converts to repeat.  I would tell you that makes sense to me, both intuitively and in terms of the very early data we’re beginning to see. There has been a massive amount of transformation in our categories in the last five years, frozen in particular. It doesn’t even closely resemble the category that it used to be. The quality of the food is in a completely different place and we’ve seen consumers so far who have tried that new food respond extremely favorably to it, and large established brands that had long been forgotten are growing strongly again. Now because of this crisis situation, people are at home. As you know, everybody can see it, they’re stocking up and they’re stocking up with foods of all kinds, across all temperature states including categories like frozen, so just logically we know we are getting higher levels of trial here during this phenomenon. In terms of data that backs it up, quite frankly it’s just too early to point to a lot of data points. The one place I can tell you that we do look, that tends to be a leading indicator, is ecommerce. In the world of ecommerce, what we are seeing is that we are reaching a large number of new triers that we had not reached previously.  Now, as you think about how that might convert to repeat, you all are probably accustomed to looking at national average repeat rates. Repeat rates will vary depending upon the user, so early adopters, super heavy users will have higher repeat than light users. When you get new triers like this, you tend to be getting lighter users, so it may not be the kind of repeat rates we get from super heavy users, but the point of all of this is it should help categories like frozen, it should help some of our other categories that people may have forgotten about, but it’s just too early to quantify the impact of that. I would also tell you that we do expect as this thing gets behind us that we’ll see a return to people eating out. Americans love their restaurants, they love to eat out, and obviously the food service space is hurting badly right now, and so we’re rooting for that side of the business to bounce back as well.
Sean Connolly: Well David, it’s customer by customer, so some customers at this point are articulating that they will move ahead as planned. We’ll see if that happens. Nobody really knows what tomorrow looks like or next week looks like, and right now everybody is literally trying to get as many items of all the foods they sell in stock. But if what they’re saying plays out, I think you’re going to see some customers take it sooner, some customers take it later, and it’s not as if those who take it later would be in a deficit position if this pandemic does not abate anytime soon, because as we’re seeing right up until today, the consumer pull remains extremely strong across the board.
Sean Connolly: Yes, not a lot other than some of the in-store activities that we would plan in support of new items hitting the shelf, so you get a new product on shelf, you want to sample it, you want to do some promotion. We’ll sync that up to what’s going on at that particular customer. As everybody knows, we’ve been putting more emphasis on retailer level investments, so those are very turnkey. If a product will go into market later, we’ll turn that later. Our base A&P programming remains highly digital and it also remains extremely easy to curate. As you might imagine, with people eating at home now at a level they haven’t done in a long, long time, if ever, we are trying to provide them with cooking ideas and recipes and things that will help them understand how to use our products at home in a way that their family finds not only healthy but delicious as well. Digital and social is a perfect place to do that. It’s kind of a utility for our consumers.
Sean Connolly: Yes Rob, we’re telling them to make everything they can right now and to keep themselves safe and healthy as they do it, and we’re helping them to do that. But simply put, until we’re on the other side of this pandemic, sales growth is likely to remain elevated because you’ve got most of the food away from volume is moving to food at home. We’ve got obviously lots of experience with how pantries and warehouses get filled by customers and consumers around situations like hurricanes, and you always see big volumes move into warehouses at the customer level and into pantries and freezers and refrigerators at the consumer level. But how long the pull remains in this particular case is directly a function of how long does this thing last and how long are people sheltering in place, and I don’t think anybody can predict right now when that is going to end. Obviously the latest thinking here is that we will go until a minimum the end of April with people really spending lots and lots of time at home, and who knows how much further it can extend beyond that, so the way this works is the initial surge of volume is volume that is going to fill warehouses and to fill pantries, but with people not eating out away from home, I think a reasonable person could conclude that they’re then in the mode of consuming that volume aggressively, and as they work down those pantry levels and warehouse levels come down to normal levels, then it just becomes a just-in-time replenishment as long as the elevated level of consumption remains. It’s just too early to pin this with any accuracy, but that’s kind of the mechanics of how this works.
Sean Connolly: Well in this particular case, I don’t think there is any comparator to what we’re experiencing right now, because people are eating at home right now breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacking, dessert - I mean, it’s all being consumed at home. When you think about all those departs and you think about the family being together, you’ve got departs like dinner where you’re probably going to be leading on multi-serve products, which his very different from how our normal society has been operating because everybody is together. But if you think about lunch, it’s very much a single-serve occasion because kids have online classes, moms and dads have video conferences, people are eating individually, and people continue to snack throughout the day, so I see--and we see it in the data, we see incredibly high velocities across multi-serve, single serve, snacks. You name it, right now it’s moving.
Sean Connolly: The only thing I would add to that, Rob, just to cover a little bit of a different perspective on what you call the shelf stable business, I would call it the staples business, and that’s how we talked about it at CAGNY. We’ve got a decent sized chunk of our portfolio in what we’d call staples, and these are products that people rely on. These are products that drive a lot of foot traffic to our retailers, they’re very important to the retailers, they tend to be high gross margin, good cash flow businesses. As I pointed out at CAGNY, just a small handful of them add up to a big, big chunk of our total staple sales. These businesses are very important to us when they are reliably contributing, and most of them have been reliably contributing and they do a lot of good for our portfolio. On occasion, we’ve seen competitive activity or other dynamics drive weakness, and our philosophy historically has been, look, if we don’t have a line of sight to stabilizing something on the top line and the bottom line, then we’ve divested it, and we’ve always been open to that.  What Dave is pointing out is these are just different times, where everything is moving, so it takes any kind of compulsion to want to move and do that and reduces that, because these are contributing a lot to us right now. But in general the point that I wanted to make is our staples business across the board almost are very strong, valuable businesses to us, and we’ll continue to monitor them to make sure that they are contributing reliably once we get through this pandemic, and then we’ll go from there. 
David Marberger: Yes, I will. Thank you Andrew. You summarized it very well. I think right now, obviously with the volume we’re seeing in our domestic retail business, you do get benefits there from operating leverage, but fixed costs are fixed over relevant ranges, we’re always taught, and the significant volumes resulting in incremental costs that we’re incurring in the form of overtime, higher spot freight rates, expediting certain supplies, and then additional costs. When you net it all together and you factor in the significant declines in food service as well, we do expect an increase in gross margin year-on-year for the quarter but we didn’t want to give specificity around that.
David Marberger: Sure. As we’ve consistently said, Steve, our financial policy has been consistent, that we remain committed to solid investment-grade credit rating. Since we’ve closed on Pinnacle, we’ve paid down over $1.5 billion in gross debt. For Q4, we expect to be cash positive at a higher level than we previously anticipated, and that additional cash flow we’re going to use to pay down debt, so we don’t expect--we’re going to be net cash flow positive in the fourth quarter at higher than expected levels, so as we finish the fiscal year, we’ll have our full $1.6 billion revolving credit line, which will be undrawn, and we don’t have any debt maturities in Q4 this year.  As we look to fiscal ’21, we have $1.1 billion in debt maturities for the full fiscal year. Our August maturity of $127 million, we expect to fund that from cash on hand. Our next maturities of $775 million are in October, and we’ll have flexibility to fund that from the higher expected free cash flow from the business, and we’ll just have to see where we land with that given the upside that we’re seeing right now. We can access our revolver where we can refinance in the form of either term loans or investment-grade notes, so as we’ve been doing every day with our advisors, we’ll continue to monitor the markets and evaluate the best structure for Conagra and stay in a position of readiness, because if you look at the markets today, as you know, the bank markets are significantly different than they were two weeks ago, and I expect that they’ll be significantly different a month from now, so we want to constantly see what the markets are saying.  But the good news is that we’re cash flow positive, we’re generating cash and want to use that cash to pay down debt, and we have our full revolver, so I think our liquidity is very strong.
David Marberger: Got it, yes. As part of our Q4 information, we talked about we expect gross margins to improve in the fourth quarter based on all these dynamics. To the extent that inventory that we thought may not be sold has now moved through, that will be a benefit as part of Q4, so that would be reflected. In terms of the retailer investment, yes, it’s really de minimis, so a lot of the slotting and other investments year-on year, it’s just not as significant, so we’re just going to show price mix in total as oppose to break that out now.
David Marberger: Yes, you pretty much hit it. Rob, I would say we feel your pain on this forecasting. In my whole career, I’ve never done daily forecasting where you’re going out quarters and years and all these things, and so the way we approach it is almost a kind of high-medium-low type scenario, and that’s why we laid out what we did today. We wanted to tell you what do we know right now and what don’t we know, and from there you can then make some assumptions on different scenarios. Sean said it - since quarter to date on the retail side of the business, domestic retail which is 80% of our business, shipments and consumption are in line, so what I would say is consumption could be a good proxy to try to forecast quarter to go the retail business, since they’re in line. There’s no guarantee there, right, because you do have ebbs and flows with shipments versus consumption in a short amount of time, but that, I think, would be a proxy to be able to at least try to figure out how this is trending as we move forward. There’s no silver bullets here, unfortunately.
David Marberger: Let me take that, Sean, and then you can jump in here. I did make some comments, Rob, on our prepared comments. The way that we look at divestitures hasn’t changed. It all starts with our strategic rationale and then the financial rationale, and the point I made today was financial rationale means that the valuation for any potential divested asset must exceed our intrinsic value for the asset, and given the growth we’re seeing in our business, given the sales and cash flow at higher levels than they’ve historically been, that factors into how we view those assets. They’re generating a lot of cash for us right now. But my comments were meant to stress that we’re going to continue to identify assets for divestiture, but if the potential price doesn’t exceed the value to Conagra that we see the brands are worth, then we don’t feel pressure to move forward.  We have our capital loss carry forward, it doesn’t expire until the end of fiscal ’21, so as Sean said earlier, it’s fluid. But we wanted to make sure that point was clear.
David Palmer: Thanks. Just a follow-up on that. Where the retailers are not doing new shelf resets, what happens exactly? Are you just keeping some of the more standard items going that are really solutions, like the frozen vegetables, and holding off on the Gardein Healthy Choice power bowls that might have been coming, and that’s more of a back-to-school item? Then I have a follow-up.
David Palmer: Then if there are any changes that you’re making in terms of your marketing spending or any sort of reinvestment from this period or that you’re planning in the next couple months, what are those changes? Thanks for those comments on service levels, that 90%. How differentiated is that in some of your key categories; in other words, are key competitors keeping up with you on that? Thank you.
David Palmer: The other part was just simply what changes are you making in terms of your marketing, given that you’re obviously in a new world in terms of demand.
Steve Strycula: Good morning everybody. Dave, just wanted to touch base on the balance sheet and the debt pay down that you guys have had to date - impressive so far, but wanted to understand a little bit how to think about free cash flow generation as we look forward to address both maturity schedule and liquidity. I think through nine months, your slide says you’ve paid down $641 million of debt, but guidance is greater than $950 million, so you should be doing $300 million to $400 million of free cash in the fourth quarter, ex-divestitures. Can you just help us think through what we should be thinking about to understand the maturity schedule and kind of a numerator and denominator effect of how you get to that 3.5 to 3.6 leverage? Thank you.
Steve Strycula: Thanks David, that’s very helpful. A very quick follow-up question to that would be on gross margins. When we met with you at CAGNY, at the time you commented on taking an inventory reserve for the fourth quarter. I have to imagine inventory for all grocery stores want product right here right now, so is there any chance that that gets reversed out into the fourth quarter as we think forward? If I heard you correctly, were you commenting that the retailer trade investment really becomes de minimis from this point forward and kind of like a rounding error as we think forward to fiscal ’21? Thank you.
Steve Strycula: The reverse out was part one on the accounting piece as a comeback on Q4, and the second piece was just on the retail trade investments, does that become de minimis at this point or a rounding error as we think forward? Thank you.
