Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  This morning, we'll share with your our perspectives on the quarter and the balance of the year, and then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us.  Before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, I think there are -- there's really 3 reasons that we see the back-half growth concentrated more in Q4, and that's basically the timing of inflation, as we spoke, year-over-year. Specifically, our projected inflation for Q3 is the toughest cost of goods headwind for any quarter this fiscal year. The second is that we are -- we think appropriately cautious about volumes, as the recent price increases have only been in the market for a few months and the fact that we have more coming in some of the value-oriented areas of the portfolio, which, in some cases, have greater-than-average elasticities. And the third is the timing of our marketing investments are skewed more in Q3 versus in Q4. So when we put these factors together and, really, the nature of the quarterly year-over-year comparisons in general, that's why we see the growth in Q4. That's really it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, you mentioned that it's private label is just 1 of the 3 planks for us, so we want to make sure we keep that in mind. But we are clearly ready, willing and able when it makes sense for us. It's got to have the right strategic fit. It's got to have the right kind of metrics that we talked about. But make no mistake about it, we are clearly ready to jump if the right property comes along with the right kind of attributes.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Andrew, I think that's a fair question. And I would say, if you asked us that a few years ago, the answer might have been, yes, that we might not feel as confident. But I would say, that is not the case today. We've got a pretty strong infrastructure and experience level with the businesses, $1 billion worth of private label businesses that we're already in prior to the acquisitions of Elan and National Pretzel. So I think we've amped up our infrastructure. We've got the right experience. And the thing I think that advantages us the most is that we can leverage the infrastructure and the capabilities that we have as a large $13-billion CPG company, which, in many ways, can be leveraged, whether that's food safety, innovation, marketing, packaging, you name it. We can leverage those things more than we think some of our competitors can.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Bryan, it's really important. When we take a look at private label, particularly as we look from a growth standpoint, we are looking at things that are not going to be just run on a bid for the absolute lowest price. We're looking for quality products. We're looking for products where we can differentiate with innovation. I think you're going to see that over time in a big way in National Pretzel. You see that in our bars business. And we really -- our concept of private label, as we look out across our strategic plan, is that it's going to be much more tiered, not just the lowest price generics as we've seen in the past. And the best evidence of that is places like Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, Costco, et cetera. So we look to play not exclusively, but more in the areas where we can be value add and really leverage our capabilities. And that's, I think, a really important takeaway.
Gary M. Rodkin: We do. We believe that we've got a much different company than we had 5 years ago. Many people tend to have very long memories, and we believe that we've made a lot of progress. And the capabilities that we've put in place are going to be leveraged as we go forward here. So I guess the short answer is, yes, we believe that we are undervalued.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thilo, I would need a little bit more specificity to answer your question. Some of the things that you mentioned are valid. Some of it will be promotional comps. But I -- if you could give me the brands that you're speaking of I could probably reference it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, let me comment on Chef specifically. I think Chef, it's a combination of retailers certainly getting behind it. But we've just recently launched a new marketing campaign touting the value of that value product for families, and that's actually worked really well for us. And Hunt's continues on, on the campaign of -- a new campaign as well, that we're driving in the marketplace. And again, we're the #1 share in branded canned tomatoes. So that's done very well for us as well.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Thilo, I think the most important thing is availability. We don't speculate. But some properties have to be available that meet all the criteria, starting with strategic fit, et cetera. So we've got a pretty wide lens.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I would -- Eric, I'd say that, clearly, we happen to have a good bit of grain based, but that's not a specific strategy. We also have a big position, for instance, in potatoes and cooking sprays. So no, we're not looking to be just in grains. We're looking at categories where we can get growth.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, Ann, I would think that the things that we're doing -- and we talked a little bit about our Customer Connect organization last quarter, but really the focus for us has been around working jointly with the retailers around joint business planning. And all of them have a slightly different process, if you will, because there -- no 2 are the same. But we really believe that looking both in -- on a short term and really working with retailers on a long-term basis around categories that'll help them grow and being somewhat agnostic to brand or areas where we really want to drive that business. The other thing we bring is shopper insights, and really, folks are asking us much more to be focused on the category dynamics, not so much the brand dynamics. And more people are trying to -- we're trying to field a lot more custom research, so we understand the consumer that happens to shop at a club versus a dollar store versus a mass merch. So we're getting much more specific and granular about the work we do with specific retailers.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. Andrew, we never say never, of course. But our strong preference is to kind of have the separation of church and state. So we would prefer to be in categories where we're focused on one or the other. So that's really what our primary interest is.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, our Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings links, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations.  Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. I'll start. I mean, the thing that I'll tell you is that our share repurchase plans have really not had any connection to what we've tried to predict in respect -- in terms of option exercises. It's really not a strategy of trying to gain some type of short-term EPS. We know that there is EPS benefit, but it's kind of independent of any timetable that would have to do with options. Our plans, as John mentioned, are to repurchase shares prudently from time to time, given the market conditions. And you can see from our past actions, we don't let it sit too long. So just please be aware, they don't have anything to do with our expectations about what's going on in terms of employee option exercise.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we're available for discussions.  Happy holidays, and thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Andrew Lazar: One last thing, with respect to sort of the outlook around M&A and what have you. And we certainly appreciate the perspective on discipline and patience, and I think that's clearly what most would want. When you listen to some of the other sort of private label consolidators, they're certainly telling a story more recently of the potential for an accelerated rate of M&A on their own parts going forward. I guess just based on what they're seeing in the market and the pipeline that's out there and such. And I guess what I'm getting at is seeing that and seeing the private label is a big part of your -- or one of the planks of your M&A, does that give you -- is it hard to balance, I guess, a sense of urgency that you may need in that space, given what others might do versus kind of the patience and the discipline? Or are you ready to go ahead and do some things more quickly if they appear? Because it seems like the other players are going to be going on another spurt, if you will.
Andrew Lazar: Got it. Do you feel your -- this is the last thing. Do you feel your, I don't know, contact and tentacles, if you will, in sort of the private label space, more broadly, will allow you to do some things over time? Or I guess what I'm getting at is I'm trying to get a sense of whether you feel that disadvantaged at all to some of the players that have been looking at maybe some of these assets for a long time, because that's something that's come up here and there. So I'd just love your thoughts on it.
Andrew Lazar: Just a quick one. Gary, most of the businesses you're in, in your private label business, tend to be in categories where you don't operate in the branded side. Not always, but I think most, if I'm not mistaken. I'm just curious is that a dynamic you want to generally continue, meaning keeping kind of those categories separate, or I guess would you consider opening up your thought process on doing both? I know it can get a little bit more complex that way.
André J. Hawaux: David, this is André. Let me take that multifaceted question. I think we do, as we said, feel very good about where the volume came in. I would also just reiterate Gary's comment that he made about the process. We look at the out quarters and more pricing that we're going to be taking as a result of inflation. Some of that pricing will be in the value added -- some of our value brands, and we're just being cautious on what the elasticities will be going forward. With respect to non-measured channels, it was -- our growth was significantly more than our measured channel growth in this particular quarter. Our mass merch business was up double digits in terms of net sales. We also had a strong convenience business, which was also up double digits, that really on the strength of our Slim Jim portfolio. So we did very well there. Our dollar channel stores continue to grow, and we had a very good performance in our club business. So I think that answers most of the elements of the questions that you have.
André J. Hawaux: Yes. So this is André. I mean, you're absolutely right. We've just launched a bar, a protein bar and a meal replacement bar, that has those attributes that you mentioned. And if you recall from Gary's earlier comments, that's the reason we bought -- to give ourselves additional capability. When we acquired Elan over a year ago, that was for that very reason. We knew we could then sort of trade up and get into some other capabilities that we currently didn't have in our bar business, and that's largely in the fast-growing area of protein and meal replacement.
André J. Hawaux: The only thing I'd add is the whole notion of -- we're not looking just either at transformational or kind of some of the smaller bolt ons. We're trying to look at, as Gary said, everything that's available to us. And if they make sense, size alone is not a criteria that will determine whether we go forward or not.
André J. Hawaux: Yes. And I just -- to build on that also, Gary reemphasized that the marketing investment is skewed a little bit more to Q3 than it is to Q4, based on timing. So those would be the points that I raised that Gary articulated earlier.
André J. Hawaux: We -- Chris, we don't see that we had any benefit or downside as a result of retailer inventories, and the innovation pipeline for us has been relatively smooth across the year. Most of the launches were, for us, in Q1, so we don't see that being a big determinant of their volume for this particular quarter.
André J. Hawaux: No. I think -- Rob, I think it is a focus of ours. I mean, we're starting from a -- we were relatively not that big in this segment. And I think our growth rates in terms of dollars, I won't quote them right now because I've don't have them off the top of my head, but we've made significantly more investments in the Hispanic marketing. And we have more plans, as we look at our 3-year strat plan of marketing, to do even more in that space. So we're starting from -- I would say, from a small base. But we're certainly going to accelerate that as we look at like others look at the demographics that are out in front of us, and we need to be in that space.
André J. Hawaux: Alexia, this is André. I'll take that. Let me just take Frozen and a couple of areas for us. For instance, we are very happy at the progress we've made this particular season with the acquisition we did of American Pie, which united the Marie Callender pie equity. We have seen category growth rates very significantly in the double digits, and we've gained significant share as we've expanded distribution of that product and really have, what I'd say, won the holidays. So I feel really good about what we've done in the dessert area, which is -- again, is a core strategic adjacency for us. Number two, in multi-serve, with the advent of Marie Callender Bakes, which uses the MicroRite tray, we've done very well in that space as well. The category has been up for us, and we have also gained share in multi-serve. As you know, single serve in this economy probably has been the toughest element of the Frozen categories. What we're seeing is, again, across our brands, Marie Callender continues to deliver very strongly. The healthy segment of Healthy Choice, that competes with several other competitive offerings, has probably been the toughest hit relative to volume, but we're taking a fair amount of pricing in that category. And it's also one that probably is most influenced by the economy, as we see carried lunch to work decline. I -- and I'd say, we've been very happy in the quarter about where our value offering was with respect to Banquet. The competitors have been very rational. This category is highly promoted, but we're seeing promoted price points move up as all of us deal with rising input costs across these businesses.
John F. Gehring: Dave, this is John. Let me try to take a shot at that. I guess, overall, I'd say our -- again, our view for the total year really hasn't changed in terms of EPS. And just given the volatility in the business world right now, we're not going to get into parsing up narrowing the range at this point. What I would say is that, and I think Gary has probably touched on this, as have I, inflation has ticked up a bit in the third quarter. We talked about some of the headwind we have there and just the need to remain cautious about potential impact on volumes as we continue to assess pricing actions. So I don't know that that's anything new versus what we've said earlier in the discussion, but it's a -- I'd say we're confident about the full year. But these are volatile times, and we just think we need to be looking around corners at some of these issues.
John F. Gehring: Yes, John, this is John Gehring. Let me take a shot there. At the risk of maybe reiterating some of the things I've already said, I think, first of all, given our cash flow, we think we can, for a while yet and probably a long while, continue to focus on growth, as well as execute our other priorities, including some level of share buyback. In terms of our level of patience, I would say this is a strategy. And inherently, I think that means it's going to be fairly long term. So I think we're going to stay at it for a while. We are interested in growth. We think the best thing, long term, for this company is to get larger and more profitable and generate more cash. So I think the answer is we're going to stay with it for a while and -- until we absolutely see there's a flaw in the strategy. But at this point, we're confident in the direction we're going.
John F. Gehring: This is John. I don't think there's any really significant messages in there. It's just a function of we're a big company. We have a lot of projects going on. Some of them come in a little high, some come in a little low. And then we have some timing that impacts some of these projects. So I'd say there's no message relative to our willingness and interest in investing in our business.
