Sean Connolly: Well, we'll talk quite extensively, Andrew, about our plans with supply chain when we get to Investor Day. But on gross margin, obviously, there are a number of different things that are contributing to the gains we are seeing and the gain -- the size of the gains do vary quarter-to-quarter. But the important fact is that, over the past two years, we've made tremendous progress at gross margin and operating margin, and you saw that again this quarter. Quarter-to-quarter, the progress may vary due to a number of factors, but what I'm focused on is that we continue to move the centerline of our profitability north over time, while reducing the standard deviation around that centerline. On supply chain, look, first of all, clearly, the overall goal of our collective efforts is value and margin maximization. And supply chain productivity programs have always been, and will continue to be, an important component of that. And as Dave Biegger will share at our upcoming ConAgra Brands Investor Day, strong productivity has been a legacy strength at ConAgra, and you saw some of that also this quarter. We do have a strong track record of continuous improvement in terms of network optimization, procurement, T&W, et cetera, and now that we're upgrading our volume base and reducing low-margin business, we are providing a better foundation to build off of, as we plan for future margin accretive innovation. And Dave has obviously brought a fresh perspective around how to sustain that strong historic supply chain performance and build on it even further, and he'll share those views in a few weeks.
Sean Connolly: Yes, it certainly will be, and if you picked up on one of the comments I made, Andrew, in my prepared remarks, if you look at our branded businesses in the U.S. as an example, you've seen margin improvement of about 700 basis points versus the same quarter two years ago. So clearly, we believe and we demonstrated that we can do the things necessary to expand those margins and by no means do we think our work is done. We will continue to chip away at that, and we'll do it using a number of different factors. And we talked about those factors but, hopefully, investors are getting a sense of how relentless we are in terms of pursuing margin expansion.
Sean Connolly: David, the strategy that we've been undertaking to transform this portfolio, we've been at it now for a while, and we have anticipated that you will have some things that flow back against you. It's one of the reasons why we moved so aggressively on the $300 million efficiency program right out of the gate is because we wanted to stay out ahead of this stuff. Similarly, it's the same reason our supply chain team is aggressively trying to get out ahead of any absorption benefits that we might lose when we pull back on volume. So we try to look around corners. We try to anticipate it and then we try to stay ahead of it. So with respect to ConAgra Brands, sure, there will be some modest stranded as we go ahead and step through these things, but that's part of the reason why you see us getting so aggressive on costs. Lamb is a standalone company, and you'll see the details on that in the Form-10. And obviously when you set up a standalone company, you're going to incur some unique costs for doing that but obviously, we strongly believe the benefit of having Lamb as an independent pure-play company with its great performance and growth prospects is really the story there. That's a terrific equity, and we can't wait to tell investors about the story in a few weeks.
Sean Connolly: First of all, Ken, I'll start, and Dave, if you want to add any color, go right ahead. The SG&A program that we've been focused on is a $200 million program, that is not an A&P program. That is a structural SG&A program. And we are, obviously, making great progress against our $200 million goal. Yes, we are tracking a bit of schedule but also some of what you are seeing, as Dave mentioned, is timing. And we're going to get into our outlook in terms of how it will flow going forward in a few weeks when we get to our Investor Day for ConAgra Brands. But the way I'd think about SG&A or for that matter, any inefficiency opportunities, we got our targets, we're making good progress on our targets, and we'll always continue to look for more pockets of inefficiency because it just gives us more fuel for growth.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me try to be helpful there, Ken. With respect, first of all, to the Lamb leverage, the ConAgra Board has been squarely focused on how to maximize total value, and this is top of mind when thinking about decisions like leverage. And as you'll see at Lamb's Investor Day in a couple of weeks, it is an extremely strong business with excellent cash flows, and we are quite confident that it will continue to thrive. Beyond that, we're going to hold off until the Investor Day to get into details on things like capital priorities. With respect to the Lamb CFO, I think the big picture here that I don't want investors to lose is, we are making excellent progress rounding out the Lamb management team. You're going to learn more about these folks here in short order as well as populating the Board with seasoned veterans that are really going to help this company get off, I believe, to a flying start. We are very far along in terms of the CFO search process. I don't want to get into the details of that process or our motives publicly for obvious reasons, but with the Investor Day just a couple of weeks away, we are very fortunate to have John Gehring help us get things launched. And for those of you who weren't tracking with Ken's comments, you might have missed the -- in this morning's announcement that John will be the Interim CFO here over the course of the next couple of months, as we stand Lamb up. But again, we'll have more to talk about on our permanent CFO in the not-so-distant future.
Sean Connolly: All right. There's a lot there. Let me try to hit the key points there. First of all, what we're doing it's a bit like if any of you have ever remodeled a house, it's a bit like that. The process is a bit messy, but if you want to get to the desired outcome, you got to go through the process. And this is a transformation that we're undertaking here, and our approach is to value profitable growth, not any growth but we do keep a close eye on markers to make sure that the business is in control and doing what we plan. So as an example, if you get into the scanner data and you peel it back, you'll see obvious things that you should expect such as baseline trends being significantly different from promoted trends. And then furthermore, if you get into baseline velocities, you will see that our baseline velocities are, in fact, quite stable. You will see TPDs going back, but you'll see TPDs going back because we, along with being very focused on price, have infused into the marketplace over a number of years a long tail of low-margin, nonproductive SKUs of multiple sizes that we are -- frankly, they had no value, so we've to get them out. Our customers appreciate that. It's part of being good category managers. And then the key is to continue to support the items that are moving at strong velocities, contemporizing them, refreshing them and then adding to them with new innovation and then ultimately proper marketing support. Now with respect to your question of marketing support in the quarter, yes, A&P was down. Some of that is timing because we do want to align our A&P spend with planned in-market actions like innovation launches and key promotions, things like that. So some of its timing, but some of it is just good discipline and getting rid of nonworking or attempted working marketing that just, frankly, wasn't. And that is you see -- and also buying better. Your GRPs were up 7% in the quarter on a fewer dollars, so the impact was reasonably respectable. And I think it's important that we keep that kind of support out there while we're taking some of these promotion items, so we can really evolve the conversation with our consumer to be about something other than price and that's we're doing. We'll talk about this quite extensively along with things like portfolio segmentation strategy in a few weeks at our Investor Day.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Alexia, I'll take the second one first. On the notion that some retailers may be asking for more promotion, quite frankly, that tends to vary fairly meaningfully by category depending upon what a retailer's objectives are with particular categories. In general, our customers are asking us for growth and innovation. They want to see us evolve our brand so that we're not competing on price, so that we're competing on quality measures. You see customers giving more and more real state to these challenger brands that have modern food attributes like natural, organic, premium. These are the things that consumers are demanding, and this is what many of our retailers in our categories are prioritizing. And it's precisely why we're evolving the businesses that we own as well as adding new businesses that are complementarity like Frontera, Blake's and others like that. With respect to our volume piece, let's go back to the point in my prepared remarks, I think, that really describes it best. This is a -- our actions are broad-based but the volume decline, when you add it up, is incredibly concentrated. And in our case, it was in our six brands, each of which has its own story as to what we're doing and why we're doing it. But if you use Banquet as an example because that's the biggie, here's how to think about Banquet. The bottom line is locking a brand into a $1 price point for decade. It's just not a good business decision because it puts relentless pressure on margins and in turn, food quality. And at the same time, it retrains our Banquet loyalists to buy on deal. So the change was long overdue. And while the topline optics can be ugly until you wrap a year later, it's up over 300 basis points, the business and grows margin, which is excellent news. Now we've got to continue to support the business with levers other than price. And that's what we're going to do, and that's what our customers are counting on us to do.
Sean Connolly: A&P was down in the quarter, as we talked. GRPs were up so impact was up, but we spent less money. We will move -- some of those dollars are moved into the remaining quarters for the balance of the year, as we talked. But it'll -- a piece of it was timing and a piece of it was just improved efficiency.
Sean Connolly: Yes. The supply chain team at ConAgra has been doing a great job for a long time. I don't know how much we've talked about the capabilities that we've had with investors, but we intend to do that in a few weeks. And we've had very strong gross productivity performance historically, and we're continuing to work to not only sustain that but to find new ways to build upon that, and we'll outline that here coming up in a few weeks for you. With respect to the volume overall, it's pretty consistent with what we expect. And if you just go back to our last couple of quarters, I've tried to be very transparent around not only our strategy, but the implications of our strategy and the notion that it's not always pretty to look at but it's important that we go through this if we're going to get to a different place. And -- but we feel like we're squarely on track.
Sean Connolly: The way I'd think about it, John, is when the consumer looks at a brand, the brand is going to communicate something to them. For a long time, our brands communicated deal. We are a deal brand and interestingly, even low income consumers are very interested in a brand communicating with them on other means. For example, there were -- there was a period of time in our past where our PAM business was heavily promoted and the only trick in the book that we turned to was dealing. But if you look at consumer trends in oil over the last few years, you see that the oils have changed, it's moved to things like olive oil, things like coconut oil. So instead of competing on PAM on price attributes, we've evolved the PAM business, and we've got olive oil PAM. We've got coconut oil PAM. These are relevant modern-day attributes that changed the discussion with the consumer to be about something that they value and they will pay more for and not about deep discounting. That's just one example. We'll talk about more examples at our Investor Day, but that's exactly what we need to do to get really the loyalty up on our business, get our prices up and build our overall brand strength to make it as modern as it can be.
Sean Connolly: Yes, thanks for the question. With respect to balance sheet questions, we're going to get into that in earnest in a few weeks at Investor Day. But with respect to ConAgra Brands, big picture as we've said and as you pointed out, as we intend to continue our commitment to being rated investment grade, we'll continue to a balanced capital allocation philosophy with strong dividend and a willingness to buy back shares and an appreciation for smart, value creating M&A. All of those things are fair game, which is not a departure from where we've been but rather very consistent. But we'll get into more details here on that in a few weeks.
