Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew. Let me take the first part of your question. And, Dave, you can add here, and just comment a little bit on the supply chain situation. Well, as you were implying with respect to supply chain, it is a daily grind, so I am incredibly appreciative and proud of our team. Clearly when demand from consumers is this strong at the same time that the supply chain is strained, service can suffer. And to manage that to the best of our abilities and maximize our sales, we attack each of the root causes as aggressively as we can. So, with respect to the labor environment, it is about recruiting as aggressively as we can, and then keeping people healthy when they get in the door. With respect to materials and ingredients, it's about keeping the pressure on suppliers and having contingencies. And with respect to logistics, it's about being as creative and aggressive as we can. And so, in times like these, it does come down to agility and resilience, and that's really how our culture is wired. And we talked about having a refuse to lose attitude every day, and in the end these supply chain challenges will ultimately abate. And when they do, the fact that our consumers have such affinity for our products sets us up very well for the future. So, that's really out goal, is to do everything within our power to get as many boxes of our products as we can out the door to help offset some of the cost pressures. Dave, you want to add anything to that on the -- 
Sean Connolly: Yes, it's, as I just mentioned in my earlier remarks, it's a tight labor market. And it takes a lot of ingenuity and creativity and effort to attract and retain employees to the best of our ability. So, we're obviously always trying to cultivate the strongest possible relationships with our employees so that they feel good about coming to work every day. And I feel good about where we sit right now, but it's -- there's no denying, it's a daily grind. And I'm really proud of what the team is doing, because we are able, as you saw in our Q1 sales, to produce at levels that, while the service may not be where we want it to be, it's very strong in the absolute, and that's our goal, is to keep the trains rolling.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I mean kind of years ago we're 35% to 40% locked in for the rest of the year. So, there's just as I've talked about in the past, David, there's just starting commodities like proteins where we're limited in our ability to lock in, you know, things like edible oils, we do a better job and can lock in more. So, that's where we are right now. So, it's our best estimate right now, our procurement team does an amazing job really understanding the dynamics in each one of these categories. Really every one of them varies you know whether it's weather related impacts sort of wheat and resins more, the oils is more of a like capacity in terms of demand and renewable diesel. So, every category just has different dynamics, and they're all over it. So, but that's our best call as of now.
Sean Connolly: Hey, David, it's Sean. Yes, obviously, we're not going to get into specifics today on future margins. As you know, we plan on doing an investor meeting in the spring, but also as you know, our focus is not only on absolute margin, but importantly, margin trajectory in the future. And we've always had levers in place to help us capture a positive trajectory as we move forward. Not to mention, the pricing actions that we're taking today sets us up well we believe for a future in terms of overall price realization per unit and margin. So we'll leave it at that for now. And we'll share more as we get toward our investor meeting.
Sean Connolly: Yes, let me start with the last question first, we have about $10 million left in the Pinnacle synergies, $10 million year to go. And we should have those all in by the end of the fiscal year. As I mentioned previously, we expect 490 basis points of margin tailwind coming out of our realized productivity, it's a little difficult to get really precise with how much is hedging sourcing versus how much is just core realized productivity? There's a lot moving around, there's a little bit of overlap there as we're driving savings, because of scale we have in buying a particular commodity, but then that commodity is inflating, and then we're hedging it. So, it's all in one bucket, and it's why we report it that way. So we've historically averaged 3% realized productivity, and we're still on that same track, there's obviously a lot of other costs floating around, but we still feel really good about our core realized productivity delivery that's in that 490 basis points of benefit. So that's what I would say.
Sean Connolly: I just say in addition to that, we've got more pricing coming in the second-half, and some of which was not contemplated in our original plan. And if we've got to take more yet we will, it's all [indiscernible] based. And in the meantime, demand has been very strong, while elasticities have been negligible.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Bryan, Sean. With my earlier comments within the kind of strain, as I'll call it within supply chain, the three buckets that I mentioned are labor, obviously, materials and ingredients and logistics. So we're working all three of those buckets aggressively every day. And there are periodically you'll see a particular input, that will get strength. And so we've got to go the extra mile to get our fair share of what's available, but also have contingency plans so that we can shift our mix as necessary, if we have to go through a period where we get shorted on a particular ingredient, we will try to make it up with other products that we've got capacity to kind of push out the door. So, this is why I describe this as kind of a daily grind is, this is a year of perseverance, where we've got to make sure we are on top of what is available, get the maximum quantity, we can keep our people healthy, get the trucks to get the products to our customers, and get as many boxes of our stuff out the doors we can because on the other side of that challenge is tremendously strong consumer demand. And we want to take full advantage of that, because our depth of repeat helps us to capture the lifetime value of these consumers. So it's volatile, we're dealing with it, every company in our space is dealing with it and I think our team is doing a really good job in the phase of it.
Sean Connolly: Yes, it's interesting, Bryan. Somebody asked me recently, why don't customers just try to shape demand downward by taking more price than the inflation is and my answer was, that's not the way customers tend to behave. I can't say I've ever seen a price above inflation to steer demand downward. But they have been willing to accept price increments. And on our end, when you're in a strange supply situation, we do look at promotional reductions to keep demand in check and not exacerbate supply challenges. So it's we work with our retailers on some of the stuff that they like to get out on the floor during the holidays, you've got two aspects of those holiday promotions, you've got the location, getting it out on the floor, and then you've got the amount of discount, the magnitude of the discount. Certainly, we want to help our consumers to find our products during the holidays. But the magnitude of the discount does not need, we don't need to fan the flames of supply challenges. So you make a very fair, reasonable point much how we behave during the height of the pandemic with respect to promotion.
Sean Connolly: Yes, we're constantly looking at that previous I don't want to quote an exact number, where kind of debt is going to come in, we target a leverage ratio, our kind of leverage ratio target is 3.5 times. So that's what we're always managing to. So it's really kind of the dynamics of kind of the debt and EBITDA and so we kind of look at it holistically like that manage to the ratio.
Sean Connolly: Yes, we're moving towards that. So that -- not saying we'd be exactly at 3.5 by the end of the Q, but that's generally kind of where we'll be tracking to.
David Marberger: Yes, let me address your operating profit margin question, Andrew. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, given the dynamic of increasing profit from our higher sales dollars offsetting the dollar impact of inflation, the math on that compresses margins a bit. So, we expect higher sales at same operating profit. So, our guidance on operating margin was approximately 16%. We were expecting to tip a bit above that in the previous guidance. Now, we're expecting to tip a bit below it, but we're still sort of guiding to approximately 16%. So, that's the dynamic on your operating profit question. As you look at the -- kind of the bridge to roughly how we get there, last quarter I gave a bridge, just updating it now. We expect 800 basis points of operating margin headwind from the 11% gross inflation, with our inflation going up. We expect about 490 points of operating margin tailwind from the costs coming out, including our realized productivity and that includes our hedging and sourcing as well as our lower COVID costs and the Pinnacle synergies. And we expect about 190 basis points of operating margin tailwind from all of our price mix actions, including our pricing, merchandizing products, and segment mix. And then a little bit of a headwind on SG&A to operating margin. So, that's sort of the rough bridge to get you to the little bit below 16%.
David Marberger: No, we have -- you see, we had a good quarter for Ardent. And so, you might have a little bit of benefit there, but our tax rate was a tick higher as well, so they kind of wash.
David Marberger: Yes, Ken, I would tell you there's nothing like that. Really, the second quarter, we're going to see more of a benefit from price mix versus what we saw in the first quarter. The gross inflation is going to be roughly the same as we saw in the first quarter. So, it'll be the second-half where the percentage of gross inflation will start to decline. It'll still be up, but it will be at a lower rate. The second quarter inflation -- gross inflation is going to be roughly the same. So, it's going to be the increased benefit from price mix.
David Marberger: Yes, I mean we were 16.6% Q1. We'll be in that general area for Q2. So, obviously, for total 11%, we're kind of higher single digits for the second-half.
David Marberger: Yes, Alexia, so this level the four times is in line with our expectations, and it reflects the seasonality of the business as we increase our spending on inventory to prepare for our heavier sales quarters which are Q2, Q3. So yes, we expect leverage to peak in Q2 and then come back towards our target level in the second-half.
David Marberger: Yes, the biggest thing there Jason is the lapping, right. So we really started to see inflation pick up in the second-half of last year, really pick-up in Q4. And so we are lapping on those bigger basis, and so, it's kind of more the run rate of kind of where we are, but that's the biggest driver for a second-half being more high single-digits.
David Marberger: No, it's in there. And I mentioned freight and transportation in my prepared comments. So that was I did mention that, I was giving examples of particular commodities and dynamics, but absolutely it's a very challenging environment right now with transportation in terms of not just cost but the reliability of trucks and you staff up to ship and making sure that trucks show up. And so there's a lot going on there, so that that's part of the 11%, for sure.
David Marberger: Well, the actions, Rob will take place within '22. And so we'll start getting the benefits in '22 undoubtedly, and then some of the benefit will continue to spill over into next year, where we will be lapping a period where we didn't have the pricing in place. So that's one of the reasons we think the setup looks good as we kind of get through this because these cycles usually proven to be transitory in terms of the rate of change. And so the fact that the pricing in a broad based way will be in place and then the rate of change, it will abate. That is where the good setup lies.
David Marberger: Yes, you should be seeing it in the Scanner Data app. So, the next wave that comes in the second-half, you'll see show up in the Scanner Data as we get into the second-half.
David Marberger: Yes, Priya, so that's as we look at fiscal '22, we'll click up in Q2, we'll peak in Q2, and then we'll come back down in Q3 and then Q4. That's it is, it's hard to look historically because of the M&A activity we've had, but if you had a more normalized pattern that's what you would see for the business, given the seasonality, because we sell a lot of product in our second and third quarters. And so, there is a lot of investment in working capital as we go through the first-half, so yes, that's sort of how it will play out.
