Sean Connolly: All right, Andrew, it's Sean. Here's how I think about our sales in Q1. We guided to 2% to 2.5% growth and we delivered a 1.7% growth. The three tenths of a point missed versus the bottom end of our range equates to about $5 million, which can be fully accounted for by the higher than planned, above-the-line marketing spend. So, that puts us squarely at the bottom of the sales guidance range we gave for Q1. So, then the question becomes, why didn't we land the quarter higher in the range? And the simple answer to that, it's shipment timing, which is one of the reasons why we don't typically like to provide sales guidance quarterly. A good example in Q1 was on our largest brand, Marie Callender's, where we experienced a shipment slowdown near the quarter end as customers - retailers were resetting the shelf in advance of the new Marie innovation slate. Remember, Marie Callender is getting a full makeover this year. It was not the recipient of that last year. Last year, our focus was on Banquet and on Healthy Choice. So, when you [couther][ph] up and you look at the big picture, we reaffirmed full year guidance, we delivered excellent consumption trends, we gained market share and we are performing organically at the level of our 2020 growth targets in 2018. So, altogether, I'd describe it as we are performing largely in line with our expectations and very strong versus our peer set.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure, couple of points on Pinnacle. First of all, we are incredibly excited about the ConAgra-Pinnacle combination. Not only are there meaningful cost synergies but we are energized about what we believe we can do with the brands, particularly, in Frozen. That said, I do want investors to keep in mind that we are still operating at this point as separate public companies, and to some degree, competitors. That means we operate at arm's length, even though we are in intensive integration planning mode. Now, the fact that we will be closing by the end of October is a real positive. And to your point, Rob, what we will do is go deep on each and every brand and begin applying our ConAgra playbook as appropriate. But you know again, we're not in there yet. As soon as we get this thing closed, you can imagine there will be a groundswell of activity, and we will -- we would be wrapping our minds around exactly what the action plan is. Additionally, we'll begin the important prep work that is required for us to do a quality job at an Investor Day next calendar year.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think strategically, the objective has never changed, which is if we spend $1 in marketing, we want it to work hard for us. And what has changed is the efficacy of different marketing tools over the years. So, not surprisingly with the advent of Netflix and DVRs and things like that, things are traditional TV advertising and print ads have diminished materially in terms of their effectiveness. And that means that if you're going to spend on A&P, you're going to spend A&P very differently. And my comments today point it to that in terms of our significant shift toward the world of digital, which is how you really build brand affinity today below the line. The other thing that has shifted fairly materially over the last five years is the progressiveness of marketing and partnership with customers. As I've mentioned many times before, in the old days, above-the-line marketing spend was really one of two things. It was investment in couponing, which was a price discount or it was investment in trade discounting, which is the classic example of ConAgra, of course, was 10 units for $10. Customers are much more sophisticated today. They saw, you know to four, five years ago as you all saw, diminished lifts with younger consumers in those kind of deep discount merchandising events. And at the same time, they also recognize that they're sitting on a gold mine of data. Data around how consumers purchase, which consumer purchase which things, and we they began to partner much more progressively with manufacturers to unlock the power of that data and target consumers with relevant content at the point of purchase. So, there's been an ongoing -- two years ago when we did Investor Day and even beyond that, there's has been a compounding curve in terms of a progressiveness of retailer marketing and the desire they have to really leverage the database they have and partner with manufacturers to do a better job manufacturing. So, it really becomes a very simple calculus. Identifying those spends below the line that are no longer working as effectively as they did historically and then recognizing that there is real progressiveness happening in terms of retailer partnering above the line. The end of the day, retailers like manufacturers are hungry to grow and if they believe they can partner with us to drive that growth, both in-store and just in general supporting the innovation agenda we're driving, that's a win for them. And it's clearly working for them and for us, and we're going to continue to stay nimble in making these kinds of investments as we move through the balance of this year and then beyond.
Sean Connolly: Well, we've been getting pricing into the marketplace, David, ahead of our categories pretty consistently over the last several years and will continue to do it. We do it in a multitude of ways, differently than yesteryear, when it would strictly be a list price increase and now there a lot of ways we get pricing in from innovation to downsizing, many different ways. So, that's going to continue to be part of our playbook. We will push on all of our margin levers. We'll get pricing in, in a multitude of different ways and it'll play out over time. There'll be some volatility quarter-to-quarter, but margin expansion and pricing remains core to what we do, which is just going to vary depending on what we've got going on in the marketplace.
Sean Connolly: I don't think so, Jake. I mean, we, in general, expect to ship to consumption. There will be some volatility quarter-to-quarter depending upon when new item innovation will shift, depending upon how holidays shape up, but in general, they're not a lot of inventory out there right now. The days on hand that retailers keep these days versus 10, 20 years ago is significantly smaller. But I wouldn't expect any kind of meaningful change this year versus what we -- versus in terms of bouncing back from last year.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Akshay, this is where I think we really got to put this sales bit in perspective. As Dave just said, Q2 -- our Q2 outlook is really no different from what we expected all along. We obviously have full visibility to the impact of the hurricane last year. And that's what you're seeing. So, you're not seeing a fundamental deceleration of performance whatsoever, you're seeing a reversal of a major hurricane benefit in the year ago. And Q1, as I just pointed out with Andrew's question at the beginning, we landed at 1.7%, which was modestly below the low end of our range, and I provide some color why. But as you could see the fundamental strength of our takeaway and our market shares are strong. Then when you take into account that we are debuting things like our new Snack business in October at NACS and that's forthcoming as well as the other innovation that's continuing to flow into the marketplace as we speak, Marie Callender, for example, our biggest brand, which is really seeing the full makeover this year. We have a very robust innovation slate continuing to flow into the marketplace now and as we go into Q2 and we already have momentum. We're not starting in a trough. We're not declining today. We grew in all four operating segments. So, you really need to look no further than that and recognize that what we're dealing with in Q2 is a lot of noise. We -- last year, recall we looked at a combined Q2 and Q3 to try to eliminate some of that volatility and provide kind of better perspective on the underlying fundamentals. But the bottom-line here is our underlying fundamentals for ConAgra Brands on sales has been strong and remains strong.
Sean Connolly: Yes, and just if I can build on that. I commented on the beginning of this Q&A session around some of the reasons why we didn't land Q1 higher in our guidance range on sales. Similarly, on EPS, really I would point to two things: Ardent Mills; and the tax rate, obviously that impacted EPS. But neither of these items are a commentary on the strength of our core business. And I think that's an important fact as investors think about ConAgra moving forward.
Sean Connolly: Sure, David. It does create a bit of messiness when we toggle below-the-line marketing to spend to above in terms of getting a read on gross margins. We are obviously aware of that, and we've had several analysts and several investors say to us, obviously, that puts more of a burden on the operating margin line relative to the gross margin line. Because at the end, as we pointed out, we are getting positive price/mix, but we are spending marketing dollars more effectively and it just happens to be above the line, which means that the gross margin has noise in it which directs more attention to the operating margin line, which I should point out did come in strongly versus our guidance in Q1. So, we're going to continue to retain the ability to toggle some of that A&P spend above the line because it's effective and its driving brand affinity and that's ultimately what's going to create value for shareholders over the long-term. But it does provide noise and it does act as a counter to other pricing that we are legitimately working hard to get into the marketplace. We're just -- we've got the burden of communication of making sure we're fully transparent on this and continuing to emphasize the importance of operating margin, given this below-the-line to above-the-line marketing dynamic.
David Marberger: Yes, Bryan, I'll take that. Our first quarter operating margins came in at 14.6%, driven by higher SG&A and the continued shift in the retailer investment. So, we've laid that out. Q1 just for -- is our lowest net sales dollar quarter, so margins are a bit lower than the other quarters. For Q2, we guided to operating margins that are similar to Q1, 14.4% to 14.7%. There will be higher net sales dollars in Q2. But we'll have a higher level of marketing investment in the second quarter on the A&P line relative to the first quarter, but SG&A will be lower in the second quarter as well. So, that's a really big investment quarter, which really sets up the innovation that's going to come through in the second half and the marketing investment to support that. So, in the second half, we'll benefit from that sales growth. And the margin accretive nature of those sales, plus it's just higher sales dollars, we'll get a little bit leverage on the gross margin line. And then SG&A as a percentage of sales will be lower as well. We'll get leverage on SG&A as well. So, that's kind of gets you to the low to mid 15% operating margin second half to get to our full year guidance of 15% to 15.3%. That's roughly how it plays out sort of second quarter and then second half.
David Marberger: Yes, Rob, we're continuing to set the alternatives for the business. In our -- on our balance sheet, we have Wesson as an asset held for sale, which we did when we put it up for sale originally, we've continued to do that. Once we're continuing to look for alternatives there and we're going through that process. Just one clarification because this did come up as a question as it relates to -- we disclosed that our $575 million acquisition proceed rate, either from equity offering or divestitures, and there was some question is, if we would not divest Wesson, would those -- would that have to be a higher equity rates or divestiture proceed need? And the answer is no. So, if we sell Wesson in the future, those proceeds will be used to pay down debt. It doesn't affect what we put out there for the equity raise or the divestiture proceeds.
David Marberger: Alexia, yes, that's -- the plant we sold, there's sales that we're selling with that, right? So, it's just -- it's like a divestiture. So, the sales are no longer in our base. So, we just treated it. We're excluding it when we look at organic.
David Marberger: Yes, just to add to that. So, part of that too if you look on our bridge, we have the productivity but then we have operational offset. So, in the quarter, there were investments we made, business investments we made in improving customer service that hit cost of goods sold for the quarter. So, investments, you know to ensure that we're meeting on-time delivery requirements and transportation, package design, those terms of investments are in cost of goods sold and they hit against how we classify it on the bridge with price/mix. So, the benefits are in there, but there's also investments that net against that. So, it's a combination of a few different things that hit that part of the bridge.
David Marberger: Yes, so let me take that. So, as of now, we're seeing no sales impact in the second quarter related to Hurricane Florence. We laid out the impact in the prior year of $45 million in net sales benefit in the prior year from Irma and Harvey, but seeing no benefit so far related to Hurricane Florence there. Yes, the cadence in terms of the Q2 guidance is -- and I mentioned in my comments, it's planned. So, this is how we had planned the year. We knew the benefit we had from the hurricanes in the prior years. So, when we planned it, we knew that from a sales perspective, we'd be ramping on that and that's non-recurring. So, our guidance is consistent with our plans and our guidance also reflects, as I said earlier, our increase in A&P investment in the second quarter with a reduction is the SG&A percentage in the second quarter.
David Marberger: Yes, so Ardent Mills is a growing milling company that continues to improve its operations and its efficiency. But given the nature of their business, volatility in the markets can create volatility in their quarter-to-quarter results. So, if you look at Q1 a year ago, they had significant profit growth due to favorable marketing conditions. And this quarter, they weren't the same marketing conditions. So, our profit for the quarter was down $14 million or about $0.03 per share. If you'd go and compare it to two years ago first quarter, you'd actually see our Ardent Mill's profit was up $3 million. So, that just demonstrates the volatility of a milling business quarter-to-quarter different than our core branded business. We don't give specific guidance for Ardent for the year. Right now our expectations are that Ardent for the year will be relatively flat. But given the volatility I just explained, you know that can jump around. So we don't give specific guidance on Ardent.
