Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. Good morning, Andrew, let me start with the big picture here, and then I’ll flip it to Dave to give you some more color. First, you’re 100% right. It is a transition year back to a more normal macro, and that’s probably going to be true of everybody. Second, yes, there will be a settling effect that occurs as the year unfolds. Dollars will come down, obviously, as pricing gets wrapped and volume trends will improve. Third, as you can imagine, that settling effect is not likely to be exactly linear from month to month. And the simple reason for that is there are time specific factors at play. So you’ve got supply chain disruptions in the year ago period of particular months, we’ve got the shifting consumer behavior dynamic. So I’d say, given all of this, 1% growth in organic net sales dollars for us for the full year is what we expect. That feels prudent given everything we see. And while we don’t guide on volumes, from a shape of the trend standpoint, we do expect trends to improve as the year unfolds. And Dave, you can unpack that a little bit more.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And to your last question, Pam, no, we don’t see price rollbacks or price downward adjustments in a broad-based way across the category. That’s highly contained to those very limited single ingredient, more pass-through categories in our portfolio.
Sean Connolly: Hey, David. Sure. It’s Sean. Our frozen business has been a juggernaut for us for quite some time now. In fiscal ‘23, overall, as you saw in our presentation today was another very strong year. Obviously, Q4 had a lot of noise in it with Americold and the broader consumer behavior shifts that I discussed. But we remain super bullish on the future of the space. And we have lofty long-term objectives that we plan to deliver through a number of tools in our playbook. With respect to shares, overall, we’ve been very pleased with our share performance over the long-term, which you saw earlier. Obviously, supply chain disruptions in certain categories we experienced, made share gains more challenging in short-term windows, but we feel good overall. And in categories like vegetables, keep in mind, as we discussed at CAGNY, we are focused there on the premiumization of the category, not on low tier, more commodity vegetables. So there is an element of value over volume strategy that remains central to our birds eye playbook there as we continue to drive premiumization and really more of a finished prepared vegetable product than a bag of commodity vegetables. And then with respect to pick a snack or just about any other category across mainstream kind of food industry right now, there has been some slowing down where we would have expected volume trends to be up a bit and really see volume improvement more in sync with the dollar decline. So that softness, as I mentioned, does point to a bit of a consumer behavior shift. And the data we can see is very interesting in what it does point to, and that is it’s not materially related to private label trade down or something like SNAP. Rather, it is more of a multi-category slowdown that appears to be tied to shift in consumer behavior, aimed at stretching their budgets likely to cover other expenditures like travel, things like that. And again, that’s likely a short-term phenomenon, but we do have that factored into our outlook as we go forward. We’re going to invest to keep our brands including popcorn and other snacks and frozen on top of mind with consumers.
Sean Connolly: Just regarding that, Cody, is that we probably were out of stock in some stores when we couldn’t ship for a while. So I’m sure if the consumer was looking to buy one of our products, they couldn’t and they needed to make some purchase that in that shopping trip, they grab something else. We’re probably not going to get that back. But at this point, that consumption loss is water under the bridge.
Sean Connolly: Well, when we look at this, Max, we pull the data across the entire food space by category, just to see if as dollars roll off and individual categories wrap price, you see that in sync improvement in volume trends. And you are really not seeing it. Even if you look at the scanner data that just came out for the period ending 7/1 you see Conagra and our five nearing peers are basically in the exact same place in terms of unit performance change versus a year ago. And we are probably all better served by looking at the unit volume change versus 2 years ago to get the noise out of the base period last summer. And when you do that, it’s really kind of uncanny, everybody’s volume is at an extremely tight band of down just over 6% in the last several periods. And as I pointed out, what we don’t see is much of a difference in terms of that volume change versus a year ago between the 13-week data and the past 4-week data. And that’s where I think people would have modeled and us included a bit of an improvement in that trend from 13-week to 4-week because when you roll off a price and you wrap the initial volume elasticity effect, you should see an improvement there.  And that is exactly what I was pointing to when I talked about the shifting consumer behavior. And in terms of what’s behind it exactly, I think everybody is trying to figure it out. A lot of the data, to answer that question, is on a lagging basis, whether it’s diary data or channel data or things like that. And so we are studying it carefully. Importantly, it’s not a trade down within individual categories to lower-priced alternatives. It looks optically more like a cutting back and what I call the hunkering down. And one thing I know for sure, people aren’t eating less. So, it’s – they are making choices to manage their budget. As I suggested, likely to cover other expenses, and it’s just hard to imagine how that continues for an extended period of time unless people start eating less, which I haven’t seen happen.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Let me give you just without kind of tipping our hand on what we want to do competitively. This is always a hot topic is what’s the promotional environment, how is it going to change. In the simplest sense, Jason, we are okay with category building promotions that have a positive ROI. And I expect you will see more of those now that supply chains are servicing above 95%. Again, as I have mentioned in the past, for Conagra, we like certain holiday promotions because there is an incremental opportunity to drive volume there. And we haven’t really been at full speed on some of those. So, the most recent example was in the length in season where we usually do some very high ROI fish promotion because you sell a lot of fish on promotion during the Lenten season. We didn’t do that last year because we had a fire on our fish line. So, that’s an example of the kind of thing we can do more of and even some holiday type things with Birds Eye where demand was – had been very constrained because the supply chain issues previously. So, you are going to see competitors do more on that. And frankly, that’s a good thing. And I think investors should think it’s a good thing because it’s going to help drive healthy quality category volume. Now conversely, what we are not big fans of is deep discount, low ROI promotions that train the shopper to buy on deal. Conagra kind of a period of its history, where it did plenty of that stuff. We drained the swamp on all of that over the last 8 years, and we kind of got off that. We are one of the least promoted categories or companies in this space. And the reason for that is simple. It’s not how you grow categories. You grow categories with great innovation and quality display. To David Palmer’s point on Frozen, just look at Frozen from what it did for years when that was the playbook, it didn’t do anything. And then when we change the playbook around innovation, and marketing support, we drove real high-quality category growth and dollar realization. So, we don’t like those kinds of promotions. But in the current environment with the consumer that is cutting back and making other choices we probably are more likely to see some players resort to harder deals to stimulate units. We have not seen a lot of that to-date. So, that’s a good sign. But this isn’t our first rodeo, we wouldn’t be surprised to see that again. So, we monitor that carefully. And really, the only competitive detail, I will say is we will do what’s best for our business.
Sean Connolly: I think that, Jason, the simplest way I think you can think about the year and the cadence and flow that I intend it before is you got dollars and you got volumes. And this year, they ought to move in different directions, right, because we are wrapping the pricing. And so you are just going to see, yes, you are going to have stronger dollars early as pricing carryover is in there, and then that will soften. And then as you wrap that, volume trends should improve. And we are not going to guide by quarter for a variety of reasons, one is we don’t ever do that. The other is as I mentioned to Andrew, it’s not going to be linear in terms of month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter in terms of how this thing flows. I know everybody would like it to be that way, but it wasn’t a linear in the base period when a lot of these factors that we are going to wrap occurred. And we have just got – we have got to get through the settling effect and continue to drive this business for the long-term and that’s what we will do.
Sean Connolly: Hey Steve, it’s Sean. I will start with the end and flip it back to Dave for the beginning part. So, what I was getting at is because our diagnostic without perfect information, looks at some of this multi-category multi-company kind of softness. Our conclusion is it likely is transitory. Our outlook and our guide assumes some of those headwinds really in the first half of the year, call it, earlier in the year and assumes that, that will revert to more normal type of behaviors as consumers adjust. In fact, who knows, there are some people that are speculating there is a summertime phenomenon as you get back to school and people are getting back in the groove, it changes. We are not that precise in terms of trying to peg it to a day or a month. But just to give you some color directionally on how we are thinking about it, yes, we suspect it’s going to quickly go back to kind of what it normally is exactly when we don’t know, but we have baked in some conservatism there in the front part of the year. Dave, over to you.
Sean Connolly: No, I think you are looking at what you are calling elasticity is in far too simplistic a manner. You can’t calculate in elasticity by looking at total volume change, looking at total price change and saying that’s your elasticity because there are many factors that go into what happens with volumes. So, not to get too technical here, but elasticity analytics measure a consumer demand response to a change in pricing at a brand level and in a time period following that pricing action. And those analyses have consistently, including recently shown consumer response to brand level pricing actions has been benign compared to historical norms. That remains true for Conagra. It remains true for our peer set. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our elasticities, they softened a little in Q4, but they remain benign versus historical norms, and they are directionally ahead of the peer groups. The behavior shift I referenced, are a bit of a different animal. It’s not a consumer response to a particular brand’s pricing action rather it is a set of coping tactics more broadly to the overall higher cost environment. These tactics include things like just buying less for a period of time, the stuff I talked about there. So, you may look at that and say, well, the net of them both is that volumes are lower, that’s true. But if you really want to get into analytically what consumers are judging the value of a specific brand and product, you got to get into the more granular analytics whole science. And if you want to understand just the more macro consumer attitude and how they are coping with the cumulative effect of higher prices, that is you are going to get to different conclusions.
Dave Marberger: Yes. So Andrew, let me – we gave our guide of approximately 1% organic net sales. So there are a lot of different dynamics that went into landing on the sky. So I just wanted to try to go through kind of the key puts and takes and try to give you some color to help with cadence. We’re not going to give exact numbers by quarter, obviously. But – so the first thing is we will be wrapping on fiscal ‘23 pricing at the beginning of Q2. So Q1 will deliver stronger price mix but after that, it will slow significantly starting in Q2. As you know, we had several supply chain disruptions in fiscal ‘23 with our Jackson plant in canning and then our can meat recall. The kind of wrap impact on that is mostly in the second half, if you look at this year. We obviously have our strong innovation slate that we showed today, and that starts shipping. It’s already started shipping in Q1. As Sean talked about, and we’re estimating as far as kind of how we look at the year, a slower rebounding of volumes as pricing starts to wrap. So we do expect volumes to improve as we move through the fiscal year, but we’re not going to give a specific guide on full year volumes. There is some deflation in a few pass-through categories. So our edible oils, pork dairy that will result in some lower prices on a few of our brands. We will have incremental merchandising and trade with strong ROI, and it’s mostly around brands that we were supply constrained in ‘23 and couldn’t promote as much as we want to, which we will do this year. And then just for our International and Foodservice business, we expect fairly consistent growth in those businesses during the year. So hopefully, that gives you some color on how we get to the 1%.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Ken, this is Dave. We don’t see any significant difference in our customer inventory levels versus where we’ve been historically. If you look at Refrigerated & Frozen, which is really what you’re talking about, for the quarter, our price/mix was 10.4% and volumes were down 11.5%. Our consumption was 2.9% for the quarter. So there was about a – we shipped below consumption by about 400 basis points. We plan to do that, Ken. So we expected shipments to be below consumption in Q4 because we shipped ahead of consumption year-to-date Q3 in Refrigerated & Frozen. So if you look at the full year, we basically ship to consumption, which we normally do. So there were no unusual customer dynamics that drove that. And yes, the Americold situation was a 110 basis point negative impact of volumes for Refrigerated & Frozen for the quarter.
Dave Marberger: I would just add, just reiterate, Q1, we will see the pricing wrap from obviously pricing we took in fiscal ‘23. And then we have communicated to customers, and there will be pricing on our tomato-based products effective early Q2. We’re seeing significant tomato inflation in fiscal ‘24.
Dave Marberger: Sure. So the operating margin improvement we guided to is coming primarily from gross margin improvement. So the A&P and SG&A taken together should approximate the same percentage of net sales as they did in fiscal ‘23. So the key drivers of the gross margin improvement are the price mix, the Q1 and then the targeted Q2 pricing I just talked about. Productivity of $300 million, which we talked about, we’re very pleased with where our productivity programs are right now and then netting against that some negative overhead absorption and business investments. And then I talked about wrapping on some supply chain disruption costs that we had in fiscal ‘23, that should be a tailwind to margin for fiscal ‘24. So they are the key drivers, I would say, to get to the guidance.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Cody, it’s Dave. So in that situation, obviously, we were disrupted on shipments. So we were backed up and had to catch up during the month of May. So anything that didn’t get out, which we quantified for Q4 would just flip into Q1. So it’s just shipments that we didn’t ultimately get out the door. So that’s that.
Dave Marberger: We don’t guide by quarter, Cody, but we – as I mentioned, Q1, we still will have the big impact from price mix.
Dave Marberger: Yes. We have a lot of visibility, and you can you can assume that we have been through the details with Ardent. We review the business with them very closely. The level of profit we are guiding to is pretty consistent with where the business came in, in fiscal ‘22, right, so at that similar level. The thing that I have really come to appreciate personally is it’s such a great business. It’s a young business. It’s only 10-years-old. They have made investments in the business and they continue to grow. So, their core business continues to do really well, and then they have a trading aspect of the business, too. So, it’s a business that’s growing. It has a lot of competitive advantage in it. And so we are really bullish on the business. It’s a really great business.
Dave Marberger: Sure. So, if you look at fiscal ‘23, really ‘22 and ‘23. We made significant investments in working capital. So, our free cash flow did not convert to being able to pay down debt like we wanted to. But the good news is, as we end fiscal ‘23, we are in great shape with our inventories, we are at high service levels. We have the inventory that we need. So, as we look at fiscal ‘24, we guided to expected net leverage of 3.4x. We expect to pay down debt with discretionary cash flow in fiscal ‘24. And in ‘24 where working capital has been a headwind, we expect it to actually be a slight tailwind for fiscal ‘24. So, if you look at Conagra with modest working capital improvement, $500 million in CapEx, which we guided to, we should approximate a 90% free cash flow conversion in ‘24 on this business. So, that’s how we look at it, and that drives all the assumptions on debt pay-down and dividend payout and everything else on the capital allocation.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Steve, I would just say I know there is just such a burning desire for everybody to get quarterly information, but we are just not going to do that. I think in my answer to Andrew’s question, I really tried to go through pretty methodically kind of color around the guidance and some of the cadence items with the disruptions and kind of wrapping on pricing and everything else. So, I feel like there is enough there to put together a pretty good estimate.
Dave Marberger: Yes. And I want to get because then you get into then you figure out volumes. And we just don’t – given the dynamics that Sean talked through, we just don’t want to get into getting very precise with exact volume and kind of the net impact on pricing. So, I think you know the drivers. You know the outcome that we are guiding to. So, we will keep it.
Dave Marberger: Yes. No. I – first of all, we put that out there. This is the first time we have actually put a date on the 30. No, we don’t see anything material that should impact free cash flow. I tried to give some good color on kind of how we are seeing ‘24. Paying down debt is our priority. So, I will be crystal clear on that. Given where interest rates are, we are about 88% of our debt is fixed, so we still have that 12% that’s variable. And obviously, with interest rates going up, it’s pushing 6% on the cost of that debt. So, paying that down is going to have a real cash financial benefit to us. So, we are very motivated to generate the discretionary cash flow and pay down debt. That’s our priority for ‘24 and really beyond.
Dave Marberger: So generally, we finished ‘23 at the days on hand that we are very comfortable with, but we do have a seasonality to the business, too, right. So, when you look at the flow, we usually build inventory as we go through our first quarter into our second quarter. So, during the course of the year, you will see sort of an inventory build work capital build and then it comes back as the year progresses. But that’s our normal seasonality for Conagra.
