Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about fiscal 2012 fourth quarter performance and our outlook for fiscal 2013. And then we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few opening remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, David, in Consumer, we clearly have talked about how volume will be modestly down this year, but it will improve as the year goes on and we overlap the pricing. Obviously, we've talked an awful lot about shopper behavior across the industry buying less units, exacerbated by the significant price increases taken this year. And in our case, we singled out Banquet moving over $1, impacting volume to the tune of about 40% of our volume drop this year. But those moves, those pricing moves, are the right thing holistically certainly from an overall financial standpoint. We're going to overlap those pricing actions as we get through the year, and eventually we'll also start to hopefully see consumers flatten out in terms of their behavior on what kind of inventory they're carrying and how they're managing their leftovers. That's going to flatten out over time. But we're planning realistically and we're very, very confident in the algorithm. The margins will improve this year in Consumer because we clearly are going to have less severe inflation. We're moving more towards pull versus push. And that's why you see us committing to a realistic increase in our marketing dollars. But overall, we feel very good about our Consumer Foods business. We will see some modest growth on the organic business side, and we will get a good boost from our acquisitions.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And the final point I would add, again, as we are trying to shift away from being more push-oriented toward more pull. So the total dollars, it's buckets that change, it's not really total increased spend.
Gary M. Rodkin: I would say to be realistic or conservative, it's pretty much staying the same. Our plan is really based on 3 key factors. That's the moderating inflation we'll see in consumer, so we'll get the margin improvement there. It's the continued traction that we have on the Lamb Weston business. And it's the benefit of having the acquisitions that we did in fiscal '12 for all of the full year in fiscal '13. So when we put those 3 together, we feel very confident in our algorithm.
Gary M. Rodkin: We have a very clear strategy and a lot of discipline around our M&A strategy. And it's got to be opportunities that come up, that fit strategically, leverage the kind of capabilities we have, very importantly, offer us growth from a category standpoint and will be top and bottom line accretive over time. So if those opportunities come up, we're ready to leverage the balance sheet again.
Gary M. Rodkin: I would say our guidance is what we believe is appropriate for this year. We feel very confident in that 6% to 8%, and I wouldn't say that it leans in one direction or another.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, we certainly are expecting another very good year for Lamb Weston, and that does play a role in it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. David, I think André is right on target. And remember, when we talk about the trade spend, that's going to show up in improvement in our net sales line. The A&P dollars is a separate line item. So you're going to see improvement in our net pricing, and you're going to see us increase our marketing spend, our A&P dollars.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. For Regulation G purposes, I will clarify that we reported a loss of $0.21 per share for the fiscal fourth quarter. The loss is due to the year-end expense associated with the pension accounting change. After adjusting for items impacting comparability, fiscal fourth quarter earnings per share was $0.51, that's an increase of 9% over comparable year-ago amounts. I'll also remind our listeners that the associated question-and-answer document, which is filed as an Exhibit on our Form 8-K and on our website has commentary explanatory details and financial tables intended to clarify the pension accounting change discussed in today's release. This will assist with any changes to historical models. I will touch on this topic very briefly now and let John offer more detail in his comments. And then we'll also refer you to the supplemental information for help with financial models and other housekeeping related aspects. In a nutshell, we adopted changes in pension accounting to provide a clearer picture of the underlying operating results of our business. These changes impact current and prior periods. Here's a summary. The biggest of these changes involves mark-to-market accounting for pension liabilities. For context, in a low interest rate environment, pension liabilities increase, and this results in additional expense. To be clear, that is expense created by the mechanics of the debt market as opposed to anything related to our fundamental operations. Under the old method, we had been amortizing that additional expense over several years in our ongoing results. With the new method of accounting, we recognize the additional expense all at once at the end of the fiscal year. This new method provides more clarity for those analyzing our underlying financial performance, and it is also a preferable accounting method. The recently adopted mark-to-market accounting gave us year-end expense of $0.60 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 and year-end expense of $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Those are shown as items impacting comparability. Because we no longer amortize pension-related actuarial gains and losses in our ongoing results, we have removed pension-related amortization from past results, and this, along with other aspects of the changes, has revised the EPS base as presented in prior periods. Along these lines, fiscal 2012 earnings per share benefited by $0.08 per share. That's for the full year. And it includes $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2011 earnings per share benefited by $0.01 for these same reasons. Our revised EPS base, adjusted for items impacting comparability, is now $1.76 for fiscal 2011 and $1.84 for fiscal 2012. The new methodology in place as a result of these accounting changes will apply to past and future results, and thus enable fair comparisons. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: Jason, this is Chris. For – you're talking about for the total company, our fourth quarter margins were up slightly year-over-year, all segments included. So if you got a different number, we'll be glad to talk about it offline.
Chris Klinefelter: Yes, they will be margins over time. I don't have the details here sitting in terms of the pieces that fell under the quarter. But over time, that's the objective.
Chris Klinefelter: Rob, this is Chris. I think the clearest thing to do is just to say our base is what our base is. It's $1.84, and that's how we've crafted our comments. So when you look at the implied growth off of that, that's what we were discussing in terms of the estimate of roughly half. But again, that is an estimate of roughly. We're not trying to draw it precisely to the $0.01 of exactly half.
Chris Klinefelter: We have -- Alexia, this is Chris. Obviously, we have that detail. What I'll tell you is that the business would have been up at a modest rate, even without acquisitions. Acquisitions were a role, but they -- I mean, order of magnitude, they weren't even half the growth.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, David, this is André. I would say that to your question, in terms of what we saw in the fourth quarter, I think I'll just repeat what Gary mentioned. Again, the lion's share of that volume decline was in a brand we took pricing actions on that's very, very sensitive, and that was Banquet. In terms of consumer consumption, as we read the Scan data as well as the All Outlet data, I would say we've seen a slight improvement. But to Gary's point, the consumer sentiment is still where it is. We are not seeing unit consumption growth rates yet across all channels of our business. So I would say it's still kind of the environment that Gary discussed.
André J. Hawaux: Well, a couple things, David. This is André again. I would say what we're talking about here is we have a lot of innovation that we're bringing to market in fiscal year '13. That is going to require some of the products that Gary articulated. That's going to require, we believe, some consumer promotion. We also feel very good about some of our brands where we've taken pricing this year, and we've continued to gain share because we have a consumer preferred product. And we want to continue to make those investments. They'll be choiceful, they'll be in big categories where we can make a difference. They'll also span some of the new items, new types of marketing such as digital and other things that we're really pushing really hard on.
André J. Hawaux: Scott, this is André. No, we haven't seen that. I would say that our expectations and the way we built the models and the way we built our algorithm for next year, as Gary touched on, we see us obviously lapping that pricing sometime in the back half of next year or fiscal '13, I should say. So that's when we believe that the consumer will see some improvement in that business. That's pretty much been -- it's pretty much followed what our model said. So no, I have not seen any improvement.
André J. Hawaux: A couple things, Scott. We obviously, as John mentioned, we look at the commodity markets every day, and we'll be -- we have built a whole lot more pricing muscle in this organization as a result of the work we've done around Customer Connect. So where we'll need to -- we're specifically watching proteins, which continue to have a fair amount of inflation behind them. But I would say that, that's what we're looking at. The inflation numbers, you've got to remember we have very robust cost savings initiatives as well that have continued to deliver for the last 4 to 5 years here. And we're going to continue to leverage those as we fight inflation for next year. That's going to be the bulk of the fight against inflation, but we are prepared to price in places where we see our margins getting adversely impacted.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, I would say we're going to watch the marketplace. I mean, I think we've built a lot of muscle now, and we've got a lot of people that are focused on this, so we will act accordingly depending on what the marketplace gives us.
André J. Hawaux: Well, again, you have to look at the commodities that we -- or the commodities that are underlying the basket of whatever that product is. So if we're taking a look at, for instance, bars or now pita chips and things like that, I think we're going to have look at the underlying basket of commodities that support that business and determine where that's going. But I don't necessarily see us rolling back pricing in either of the branded or unbranded. Again we, as John articulated, we see inflation in our portfolio next year. We don't see deflation. So I don't see that as something that we're going to need to do.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, I'd -- David, I'm not going to get into the particulars of our trade funding. But I think what's really relevant into the discussion is Gary's points that we as an organization have recognized that historically as a company, ConAgra relied too much on push drivers to drive our business. And I think it's appropriate that we rebalance that mix so that we also have a lot of pull behind our brands, which historically we've underinvested in. So I think that's the right way to look at it. I don't want to get into specifics of what's going to happen to our trade funding. I do know that, that is what we're doing. That's what the pricing and margin is going to provide us the ability to do. And I think that's really important for the health of our brands going forward. And I think we're making the right decisions across the board.
André J. Hawaux: So the answer, David, is we have talked the talks with many of the retailers, and we've talked to them about this. They understand it. What they really want us to do is to be investing behind our brands, behind the innovation. They are very complimentary of the innovation we are bringing to market in multiple categories. They want to see their traffic counts up. They want to see customers picking up products in the center of the store. So they're very supportive of the actions that we're taking.
John F. Gehring: Well, Bryan, this is John. First of all, I don't think we're -- none of this is kind of episodic or short-term thinking. I think if you look at the full year, we purchased about $360 million of shares. The timing really, in some ways was a function of how much we had done previously, and I think as you recall, in some of the previous quarters, we were focusing a lot of our cash and investment in the M&A markets. And I'd say another factor is while on a net basis, we do buy back a significant positive in terms of shares, we also look at the amount of option exercises we have during the year that puts some excess cash to us and we wanted to redeploy some of that back. So I think some of it was just getting back to where we expect it to be on a full year basis. And we saw the opportunity in the fourth quarter to do that.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I'm not going to get into specific expectations about share repurchase. What I would say is that if you look at just total capital allocation as we look at our algorithm every year, we do expect there to be a few cents of lift from capital allocation. That may come in the form of acquisitions. It may also come in the form of share repurchases or a combination thereof.
John F. Gehring: Yes. This is John. I think I would say in the range of 5%, maybe 4% to 6% as we sit here today. Obviously, the markets are still moving around, so I don't want to get too precise in my prediction. But clearly, it's in a range that while we'd always like it to be lower, we feel that, that's a range that our business can operate much better at than double digits.
John F. Gehring: I don't think we go into those kinds of details. Suffice it to say, we have a fairly proactive procurement capability, and we're looking probably every day, every week where the markets are moving and how to hedge our positions.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And this is John. Just to add on to that. It's not about size; it's about the opportunities and the returns we can get. So I'd say we're somewhat agnostic to size. There's obviously practical limits, but it's really about the things Gary talked about.
John F. Gehring: All right. This is John, and I'll -- yes, there are -- we do expect to drive costs and capture synergies when go through these deals. I'd say all the deals have some level of synergies whether it be SG&A or whether it be supply chain matters. I'd also note that when we do these deals, there are -- from time to time, we also make decisions to the front end to address in those businesses further. So I'd say it's -- we certainly would expect to have some synergies out of those deals.
John F. Gehring: This is John, Eric. We -- I'm somewhat familiar with what Hershey did, but not expert on it. What we did is we are staying with GAAP. So ours is a GAAP method. It's not a hybrid of GAAP and comparability. It's just a straight GAAP method that a number of other companies over the past 12 to 18 months have adopted also.
John F. Gehring: I'm not sure I can answer that. Let me start it this way. You saw what happened to our FY '12 earnings base going from $1.76 to $1.84. So that's about $0.08 in the past fiscal year that it was impacting us by. Once we changed the accounting method going forward, we're now on the new accounting method, and so I don't have a number that says hypothetically, '13 or '14 would've been x, y or z. I think it's logical to conclude it would have been something higher just because of the further decline in interest rates. But the way we look at this now is we've got a new base, the amortization is out of that base in all future periods. And so when we look at our operations and the results we expect, it's much cleaner, and there's no either hidden tailwind or headwind in those numbers.
John F. Gehring: Sure. I would just kind of start with the organization is very focused on our customers, and that focus is paying off. There is some growth domestically and a lot of that growth is driven by product mix. And you heard Gary talk about sweet potatoes, and that continues to be a very positive light. But a lot of the growth is coming from emerging markets outside the U.S. and outside of Europe. And we're very aligned with our customers in supporting that growth. And frankly, a lot of the effort over the last 18 months has been with our team, effectively managing through the dynamics that we deal with year-over-year in a crop-based business. And our ability to do that and improve our ability to work to those dynamics has been a big part of that focus. But feel real good about our alignment with customers and where we're headed.
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me take those in order, if I can. So first of all, the issue of relative pension funding levels, one thing I think that's very important to keep in mind is our pension liability is measured as of May 31, 2012. I don't have the interest rate curves in front of me, but I am confident that, that is an absolute historic low point for discount rates. So when I look at 83%, and where we sit today, my concern is probably as much about a risk of overfunding if rates rise too high and too fast than it is about underfunding. So we are -- we have measured our liability at the absolute lowest point in discount rates in history. So companies that are measuring their discount rates at any other time over the past 12 months are going to have higher funding levels. So that's why you have to understand that math to understand why I'm so confident. The other question you asked, and again, I'm going to refer you to the materials because there's a lot of moving pieces here. But let me be clear. Our pension expense going forward is going to fully account for the 3 elements of pension cost that I referred to in my opening remarks. The first of it is our service cost, every time an employee works a day or a year and earns a future benefit, the full cost of that service cost is in our pension expense. The second thing that is in our pension expense is the interest on the liability that we have accrued at any point in time. The third element that's in our pension expense is the income we get from the returns on our assets. So all of the elements that you would normally expect to be in pension expense are fully included. The only matter that is going to be captured at year end is when there is a significant mark-to-market gain or loss, and there is no guarantee that there's going to be one of those gains or losses every year. But to the extent there are those significant mark-to-market gains or losses, those will be what's captured at year end as a comparability item. And maybe just for a little bit of additional color, interest rates are now at essentially an all-time low. To the extent those interest rates rise in all likelihood next year, we would have no gain or loss because we wouldn't be over a threshold where we would have to recognize any gain or loss. So I apologize for the accounting lesson here. You're probably all eligible for some CPE credit now, but again, I'd ask you to take a hard look at the materials, and we'd be certainly happy to work with Chris to clean anything up.
