Sean Connolly: Before we open up for Q&A, I'd like to say a few words about diversity and inclusion at Conagra. We are deeply saddened by the recent events we've seen unfold across our nation. It's heartbreaking and unacceptable that racism and racial injustices continue to exist around the world. Our goal at Conagra is to work together in a constructive manner where everyone has a voice and has the opportunity to be heard. D&I is not only part of our value system at Conagra, it's a business imperative. We serve a wide cross section of the population and therefore it makes clear sense our organization represents the consumers we serve. D&I has always been a focus for Conagra Brands. But like many others we can and will up our game. We are working with an external diversity and inclusion consultancy to help us identify specific opportunities that will have the most impact. We're also hosting listening sessions with employees throughout the organization. Overall, we are determined to be part of the solution and we look forward to continuing to share reports of our progress along the way.  Thank you. Now let's open it up to Q&A.
Sean Connolly: Yes, sure. Andrew. Here's how I think about this. Clearly, since nobody can accurately predict what will happen with COVID and the range of outcomes is very wide, calling ‘21 with any accuracy is virtually impossible. But when you step back and you look at where we landed in ‘20, if you look at the momentum of the business, the continued elevated demand, the new triers, the very strong repeat, and synergies remaining on track, our view is that it would be hard to argue that we're not on a path to the ‘22 targets. And the real question for us is just kind of, you think about our prepared remarks today on trial and repeat is whether these dynamics that we're seeing currently offer incremental long-term upside beyond our ‘22 algorithm. Obviously, we're not going to comment on the longer-term algorithm, but certainly, these are positive markers, and we have elected to invest behind that option for lack of a better phrase.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think the phrase I used earlier was, we see this as a unique window. Something is happening that is above and beyond what our normal marketing programs would do. COVID has introduced this dynamic where, as you saw on the slides earlier, consumers are legitimately rediscovering certain things in their house whether it's their kitchens, their freezers, being together and they like it. They're also discovering that some of the things that they thought existed actually have changed quite a bit. So, for example, the quality of frozen food. And as you know, we've spent the last five years dramatically transforming our products. So, you put both of those things together, and there is clearly an element of pleasant surprise that consumers have when it comes to cooking at home. And given the tremendous value proposition of cooking at home and that we are in a recessionary environment, it's entirely plausible that these dynamics persist for some time, especially with the news changing hourly on COVID and what's happening with positive cases. And we believe that once people try our products, this data supports that we stand a very good chance they'll come back again and again and again. So, we are investing today in order to maximize long-term value creation potential of this portfolio and really seize any option that there is further upside beyond our current algorithm.
Sean Connolly: Just to comment on that, Ken, just more broadly. Retailers are at some point going to rebuild inventories I would imagine in all their categories. And if you think of in the last several years, the focus on on-time and full was the focus we've talked about recently with retailers putting more facings against high velocities, retailers paid out of stocks. So, that is not going to change. And at some point, I would imagine that inventory levels would revert to kind of historical norms. The question of course, is when will that happen? Because, the way that happens is one of two things or both have to happen. Either demand has to slow or capacity has to increase. We've seen demand slow recently, but it's still at very, very high levels. You also heard me talk about how we are making investments to increase capacities but there's an upper control limit to how we can do that.  So, for the foreseeable future, in the near term, we are running flat out and much of what we make and leaves our plant is going straight through to the consumer. When that slows down and the inventory levels build back is one of the wildcards that’s virtually impossible to predict.  And while, I've got you, since you raised Act II, I want to link your question on Act II, back to Andrew's question which is, will any of what we're seeing now persist? Interestingly, one of the things that you're seeing now and you're reading about now is movie studios are going to direct release at-home, on-demand. And there's some questions around what's going to happen with movie theaters going forward. As that happens, people will be watching movies as a group at home at a level we probably have not seen before. We're already experiencing this. And the shift in our microwavable popcorn business has been dramatic, reflecting that new behavior. That could very well be a persistent thing, but it may depend in part on what the movie studios ultimately choose to do, but those are the kinds of things that seem to be logically tracking in our favor, but we need to see how long they persist.
Sean Connolly: Not really, Ken, at this point. And I would say it's probably a function of two things. Number one, our portfolio as you know has a very strong value segment to it. Brands like Banquet and other already offer extremely favorable value that is -- and historically have proven very resilient in a recessionary environment. The other piece of it too is that in many of the categories, you can think -- you continue to see out of stocks because the throughput is flat out and demand still exceeds that production availability, and therefore you only exacerbate that problem when you price promote in that type of a category. So I think it will be category specific. I will point out though that in our Q4, we did honor most of our promotional commitments and that's because those were longstanding commitments. We have a principle of not kind of backing out. But going forward, I would expect our average, Ken, prices may move north a little bit near term because we are likely to see less discounting price promotion activity. However, I wouldn't want you to take that as less retailer investment because it's more likely to be a shift in retailer investments really the profile of the retailer spend in the absolute level. So less discounting, more brand building, more new habit creation. To give you a specific example, a good example would be creating loyalty on our Frozen brands with millennials by making click and collect behaviors habitual, by increasing our e-comm spend with retailers. That's a positive constructive alternative in a supply constrained environment to more of a price promotional approach. 
Sean Connolly: Well, I think the way I bring it up earlier is, we have momentum on the business and we are investing to maintain that momentum. And as we maintain that momentum, we have a very good chance of continuing to bring more households into our portfolio and then converting them to multiple time repeat purchasers. That's really the logic flow as to how you get right in the heart of that, that long-term top-line profile 
Sean Connolly: That recall was got us a long way there on the bottom line side of the long-term algorithm. That alongside the additional volume and any operating leverage associated with, it's obviously a good thing for our portfolio.
Sean Connolly: Now with respect to innovation, let me before I comment on forward-looking innovation, you can see the whole perspective on Q4, because recall at CAGNY we had talked about how some of our customer base had moved up their shelf resets in Frozen, and I'm sure many of you are curious what happened with that with respect to COVID hitting? Well, you may be surprised to learn that the vast majority of our customers proceeded as planned in Q4 with their earlier Frozen resets. And that's good news. We see our exciting fiscal ‘21 innovations on the shelf and they look great and we are hustling to try to keep them in stock because they're obviously getting good trial. And also with respect to Q4 innovation in total, which includes the innovations we launched earlier in the year, Q4 innovation was up over 25% versus the prior Q4. And it definitely had some benefit in it versus the prior Q4 shipments of the following year's innovation coming a little bit earlier and that's because of those Frozen shelf resets that we talked about.  But the reality is, despite what you've heard about us do reduction to maximize throughput, and things like that, we have continued to have strong favorable reaction from our retailers on our new innovation. And we continue to feel super strong about the slate we've got out there and expect it to perform well this year. As you've seen in the last few years, every year's innovation has outperformed the prior year’s for the last several years. And there's no reason to expect this year wouldn't continue albeit we have a few more wildcards that we are dealing with than in previous years
Sean Connolly: Well, the Slide 9 that you referred to is actually pretty consistent with what I would expect having been in and around staples products for a lot of my career. Whenever you see any kind of crisis hit, people will load their dry goods pantry, which has a tremendous amount of holding power. And actually you tend to see more of a pantry load dynamic there, because of the holding power of the pantry relative to the holding power of a freezer. Most freezers are actually incredibly limited in space and that's one of the governors that you see on Frozen. Interestingly, one of the things we didn't put in the deck is the sales rate of standalone Frozen freezers, if you had gone to a Home Depot or a Best Buy in the last few months in search of a freezer, you would not have been able to find one. So clearly consumers are recognizing there's a limit to what they can fit in their freezer. I know in my household, we were frustrated, because we get to the -- you go to the store on a day of shipments came in, you want to buy stuff, but you had nowhere to put it because your freezer was full. So that's the governor you have there versus staples. That said while I might expect the two to converge, more going forward. Staples, what you see in the staples space is a super value proposition. So Chef Boyardee -- and this may be more of a function of what does the consumers’ household balance sheet look like going forward? How long does the recessionary environment persist? Items like Chef are a tremendous value proposition and that kind of environment should continue to perform well.  Furthermore, if people are learning to cook again and cooking from scratch, a lot of the staples products we have like PAM cooking spray or our beans business or our tomato business ought to remain elevated. And these are the kinds of things you can use in multiple recipes throughout the week that are different recipes as opposed using the same thing again and again.  So I'm not going to try to forecast how these will perform relative to one another. The key point we wanted to make today is that all three of our consumer domains have been elevated and are enjoying this notion of rediscovery and discovery that I talked about. 
Sean Connolly: Yes. Rob, the way I'd respond to that is, big picture, our Board has a very strong pay for performance philosophy. As such, the targets in our incentive programs are anchored in our annual and long-term financial plans and consistent with the guidance that we provide to investors. So with respect to the 2020 proxy, we expect our disclosure to mirror that of past years. We will provide details on the fiscal '20 to '22 program overall, including the growth CAGRs that are in the program. And you'll see that management and shareholder interests are aligned with respect to the ‘22 numbers.
Sean Connolly: I think, near term Rob, we're playing catch up. We're trying to keep up with demand, or have continued to come in and inventories have been depleted and it varies obviously by category. So as long as demand remains elevated, it's more of a flow-through to consumption in pantries I think than a rebuilding an inventory. Now that is going to vary by category because you don't see the same level of pull category by category. So you can almost model out categories with kind of more muted pull or probably rebuilding inventories categories were pull remains extremely strong. We're probably continuing to run flat out and scanning a lot of what we're producing. 
Sean Connolly: Well, our short-term -- for our salary employees our short-term incentives is really a function of sales, profit, and cash flow. And employees are incentivized very clearly to maximize those. In the last quarter the real focus area for us has been in our facilities. It's been in ensuring the health and safety of our employees because we've got to keep our plants running and then also honoring those employees for being such heroes during this intense COVID period on the frontlines. And we have made investments behind our frontline employees to honor them accordingly. So that's really what's been in place. And as I mentioned earlier, I couldn't be more pleased with just this incredible refuse to lose attitude that we've seen, especially on the frontline.
David Marberger: Yes. So, Ken, you saw in Q4 we shifted consumption everywhere except Refrigerated & Frozen, that was really driven by Birds Eye. In this environment, it is difficult to predict exactly when retailers are going to build inventories. And so, as we put our Q1 guidance together, clearly it started with the [indiscernible]. We try to make some assumptions on will there be additional shipments to build inventory, particularly in Frozen. But again it's -- in this environment, it's difficult to predict just given the significant demand that's still there. 
David Marberger: I would just add to that, just obviously the synergy number that we have, making sure that, that stays on track, we feel good about it, we're on track. We affirmed it again. But making sure we deliver that managing all our other core productivity programs to be able to offset inflation. 
David Marberger: I mean we had guided to greater than 95%, I think was our guidance. And that again shouldn't change. I did comment that as it relates to fiscal ‘21, because we finished fiscal ‘20, with very strong free cash flow and some of that was timing, right? So it was about $350 million of benefit that we received in Q4, due to basically inventory working capital benefits and some timing on tax payments that's going to flip into fiscal ‘21. So when you look at ‘20 versus ‘21, you're going to see a super high conversion in ‘20 that's going to come out in ‘21 for the $350 million, but ‘22 we should be back in balance. 
David Marberger: Yes. Just briefly, for organic net sales, we do expect strong growth from the domestic retail businesses. So as Sean said, and you see in consumption, just to get a little color on the other segments, International is going to be relatively flat. We had a really strong Q4. We don't expect to see the organic net sales growth in Q1 to that level and then continued declines in Foodservice like we saw in Q4. 
David Marberger: Sure, Dave. So at a high level, obviously a lot of the synergy that we're getting from Pinnacle is SG&A. In fact, more than half of the synergy to-date has been from SG&A. More will come in cost of goods sold moving forward. So that is starting to work its way in quarter by quarter into our actual results.  So as I look to Q1, because we gave specific margin guidance in Q1, a big part of the operating margin improvement versus the prior year is actually because of the leverage on SG&A. So the 17% to 17.5%, a good amount of that improvement is the SG&A leverage. Gross margin, there is a lot of puts and takes with all the different costs, so there would be more moderate improvement there, but it's mostly SG&A.  So we start seeing that leverage in a bigger way starting in Q1. And you'll continue to see leverage going forward. I'm not going to give you specific numbers but that's the color for Q1 for SG&A. 
David Marberger: Yes, obviously it depends on sales, right? But yes, we book the SG&A costs out and we're going to continue to see that benefit.
David Marberger: Bryan, I did not mention it specifically, but as we look to fiscal ‘21 based on the investments that Sean outlined, particularly investments to shore up capacity and supply, we will be increasing our CapEx. Right now our estimate is that we'd be about a $100 million above where we landed fiscal ‘20 in terms of CapEx.
