Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Yeah, there was meaningful difference in terms of takeaway being greater than our shipments for the quarter, so I think we feel very comfortable -- you know, that obviously that will meet at some point, that equilibrium will be reached at some point but the momentum in the business is very, very good. 
Gary M. Rodkin: On both fronts, very, very good. There is every sign that our innovation on Healthy Choice is going to lead to continued sustainable growth in that franchise, so the trial numbers are ahead of where we would like to see, as well as the repeat numbers. 
Gary M. Rodkin: And I think another one last point, David, is we are bringing new consumers into the franchise so that’s a good thing as we broaden out our usage. 
Gary M. Rodkin: There still is a gap, David. The Slim Jim numbers particularly as it pertains to convenience store, is a significant hit in that overall channel because we just couldn’t supply -- we had allocation on Slim Jim so that’s a significant piece but there’s still very good performance in unmeasured channels and it is still significantly bigger. I would tell you the gap is not as great and a lot of that has to do with the fact that the traditional grocery has performed better, as you’ve seen in the numbers. And once again I’ll stress our takeaway numbers are greater than our shipment numbers and that is also reflected in the momentum that we’ve seen continue in our business as we speak. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Slim Jim impact in Q1 was a couple of points of top line for consumer foods for the company and it -- we will still continue to see something close to that, maybe not quite as much, in Q2 as we start to rebuild our inventory. So right now what’s happening is we depleted all of our inventory, we are on allocation. We are now building it back up and that really won't -- it won't reach the kind of service levels that we are -- that are acceptable to us probably until the second half of the year. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, I would say if there’s one channel where we are the most proactive, that’s in food service. We’ve done a lot of rationalization there. You know, as we basically act very proactively from a -- you know, what’s good for us as well as what’s good for our customers but we can tell you there’s -- as you know, there’s pressures in this environment in terms of rationalizing SKUs, clean assortment, whatever you want to call it. We’ve been very, very proactive in this regard. You know, we have a number of number one brands where this could potentially, and we’ve already seen it, benefit us as we get the assortment clarified. But I think the real key is eliminating your own SKUs when they’ve got marginal velocities -- again, we do that very proactively. We’ve taken out several hundred SKUs, I would say, in the last few months in our active SKU management program and the real benefit there shows up in better real estate for your top-performing SKUs, which leads to less out-of-stocks and clearly supply chain efficiencies. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Yeah, I think you will see this trend continue and overall I think if we all manage it the way that we see it happening, I think it could end up being a plus for the whole industry. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, I’ll tell you what, Andrew, we feel very, very good about the momentum and the trends in our productivity being very, very sustainable. We’ve got a very long runway and I think you will see us continue to put really good numbers up there. 
Gary M. Rodkin: I guess first of all it’s fairly consistent with our plans. It was actually -- there’s a number of things that run through corporate. I think in terms of if you are trying to look at it in isolation, we typically start out the year somewhere in about the mid 300s, so 350 to 375 and to the extent that we have changes such as incentive accruals and changes in allocations, that number can move around. But that’s kind of how we look at it year to year. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Eric, it’s really not as you suggested, that we are spending a lot more trade money. It’s really the overlap so we took a lot of, as the industry did, a lot of pricing last year. That’s not the case as we go forward so overall we would say that trade spending has ticked up just slightly as we have been very proactive getting the right price points at the shelf but remember again the base prices are also higher. We’ve lowered some list prices where the predominant costs are commodity inputs like oil or margarine spreads or egg beaters but very importantly we’ve got a new and improved trade spend system that gives us better analytics, better controls, more efficient and more effective spending, so I would say overall our pricing analytics are much better than they were 18 months ago and we are very satisfied with where we are as it pertains to trade spend. 
Gary M. Rodkin: I’d say we are very pleased with the foundation building that we’ve done over the last few years and we are a much stronger operating company than we were before but we are still focused on just being a really good operating company and doing the things that are really in our control so I really can’t speculate. As we go forward, we are just going to work on continuing to be the best company that we can be. 
Gary M. Rodkin: We are really attacking it systematically, almost category by category, very proactively so we have gone in and had a number of customer calls with our team on the first half dozen or so key categories that we operate in and that has been received extremely well because we are taking very much a win-win focus. So it’s really all about how does the customer win in terms of making that category more productive, more profitable, and we have seen things like better assortment on our products where our top performing SKUs have better shelf space, more holding power, supply chain efficiencies that come through.  But I think the key is to make sure that it’s us -- it’s our idea for the most part. There is not a material critical mass impact from customers that are coming to us and discontinuing products. We’ve seen -- if you just want to take a few of our categories like canned pasta with Chef Boyardee or popcorn with Orville Redenbacher and ACT II, or tomato with Huntz and Rotel, we’ve seen big wins there with customers as we’ve gone in and made our recommendations as to how those categories could be the most productive, so we are feeling very good and a lot of it is based on the fact that our tools and our analytics are so much better than they used to be. That’s really the key. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, first I would say the answer on mix is yes yes. We are selling a great mix of products that are stronger margin. The new products that we are selling are margin accretive, so that’s all good for mix. And in terms of trade promotion, again I would say up very slightly but I think it’s really all about getting more for the dollars that we are spending versus just taking the prices deeper. So our pricing analytics are far better and we are feeling very good about where we are on the shelf with our customers having been very proactive on that front. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Ketchup is a small piece of our business. We decided on a particular strategy that was a win-win for ourselves and the customer and we basically stuck with that strategy and it has worked. In this environment, it’s something that the customers have really come to us with and we responded and it’s turned into a win-win but again, it is not a big priority for us. It’s not a major piece of business for us. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Yeah, I would say most of that is timing, Terry, so I think certainly as we watch what’s transpiring as we speak, the banquet business looks very healthy. I would say that’s more timing than anything else. The underlying trends of the core business are good. 
Gary M. Rodkin: Our appetite for acquisitions is about the same and it’s really about tuck-in acquisitions where we know we can make it work like some of the things we’ve done over the last year or two, so we are always looking for things like that but what we are not in the market for is a major transaction. So we are always looking for things that can enable us to grow. 
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today’s remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company’s direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC which include cautionary language.  Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our website under the financial reports and filings link, and then choosing non-GAAP reconciliations.  In reference to Regulation G, I will note that I reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.37 as $0.01 of net expense from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in EPS of $0.38 on a comparable basis for this quarter. On that same basis, the $0.23 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.04 of net expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.27 on a comparable basis.  Lastly, as detailed in the press release, consumer foods operating profit of $250 million was up 34% as reported and up 43% on a comparable basis.  Now I’ll turn it back over to Gary. 
Chris Klinefelter: No, we can -- however, we can let our listeners know that our performance outside of measured channels was also very strong. Our business at some of the big names that we usually get asked about was also very strong and I know you have some color that you would like to add on that. 
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. This concludes our conference call and just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods. 
John F. Gehring: I would say there are some modest costs in SG&A related to productivity efforts. I don’t know that that’s a significant delta year over year. With respect to the anatomy of our SG&A in total, what I would remind you is the two big drivers of the increase in SG&A are incentives are higher this year based upon relatively better -- relatively good performance this year versus last year at this time our performance was not as good but as I also I think previously commented, the other significant impact in terms of that year-over-year increase in SG&A is the fact that last year’s number had been reduced to reflect the several gains that we had recorded in SG&A. The most significant of which was the sale of our [Pemican] brand, which had about a $20 million gain in the prior year. There were actually also some other smaller gains in that number, so the absolute recorded number was driven by those two items. 
John F. Gehring: Those are -- the 475 is not inclusive. That was our plan coming into the year and we obviously had the Slim Jim incident, which was not obviously in plan, and then the sweet potato we accelerated the decision to make that strategic investment, so those are incremental. We did also feel like we should highlight that there are some funding sources for some of those incremental amounts versus just normal operations. 
John F. Gehring: Yes, we do. I don’t have the numbers in front of me right now but we would expect that to be the case. 
John F. Gehring: Well, I think probably a number of those things will be under consideration. I think as we’ve commented previously, we are committed to a strong investment grade credit rating, and especially in this environment we think a strong balance sheet and liquidity is at a premium. We are also committed to healthy dividend and then from there, I think as we accumulate cash, we will look at a variety of options. M&A, you know, I think internal growth opportunities such as the sweet potato opportunity we just capitalized on. We’ll probably also look at investments in efficiency but we’ll benchmark a lot of that against share buy-back and also consider whether or not there are any debt retirements that would be attractive.  So I think we will be evaluating all those options as we have the cash available. 
John F. Gehring: On the cash flow questions, more details will be in the 10-Q. I would expect cash flow from operating activities to be in the range of $250 million for the quarter and for the full year, we currently would expect that number to be in the range of $1.1 billion. 
John F. Gehring: Yeah, I think the other thing just to keep in mind is that, as I commented, some of the deflation or lower costs are in categories such as vegetable oil where we tend to have to pass that back through in products like Wesson Oil pricing, so I think if you looked at the whole group without those products, we’re probably still slightly in the low-single-digits in terms of inflation. 
John F. Gehring: No, the impact I was speaking of was on the consumer side. It was about 6% to the consumer operating profit and that includes not just translation but also transaction gains and losses related to that business that passed through cost of goods sold. 
