Gary Rodkin: Good morning and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin and as usual I am here with John Gehring, our CFO and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Gary Rodkin: Yes Andrew, I would tell you that we feel really good about the start on consumer volume. A really intense focus on the fundamentals, we call it perfect at retail, is gaining traction and it's demonstrating it's power in Consumer Foods. So I think that the traction is real. Let me turn it to Tom for some more color.
Gary Rodkin: Yes Andrew, I would tell you we certainly do see some of that. There is always smaller players looking to get in and that is the case in the freezer case. But I can tell you we have got really good feedback from our customers that given our performance in frozen and what we have been doing to try and grow the business and obviously gain share that it will impact us in a very immaterial way. Our competitors will potentially feel more of that but that really shouldn’t disrupt us at all.
Gary Rodkin: Yes David, I could tell you that we feel really good about the service levels in Private Brands, it's night and day difference from a year ago, Paul, maybe a little more.
Gary Rodkin: You know philosophically I would say the most important thing -- two things, one last year we spent heavily on some new product introductions that didn’t live up to expectations and that out of the numbers this year so that’s a big impact. Maybe more importantly we’re working smarter and deploying our resources more judiciously and that’s really about demanding and raising the bar for our folks to say, if we are going to spend the resources we need to see the growth that comes along with it. So Tom, maybe some more details.
Gary Rodkin: Rob, one other thing I would just mention as you think about it on a go forward basis, most of our competitors are pretty small in Private Brands and when you think about total delivered cost and ultimately and this is going to take a bit longer but ultimately the total delivered cost just from a logistics standpoint of being able to combine loads and deliver is certainly going to be an advantage for us. So that’s just one other example of what we have to look forward to. 
Gary Rodkin: Yes I mean so the sweating the assets clearly important. Getting the emulation right, that’s kind of the bread and butter of the business but clearly our customers are really excited about our capabilities on the innovation side, that’s to come as we go forward, we dabbled in that in a small way thus far and have some wins there but that’s going to become a bigger piece of the business as we go forward particularly as the customers go up market.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we’re making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that can influence and impact our expected results perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: As you know from our statements we expect modest growth this year for things to accelerate over ’16 and ’17. In terms of giving a hard number we haven't cited one, but I can tell you is reaching double digits in a reasonable amount of time of long term is not out of the question.
Chris Klinefelter: So thank you. This concludes our call today and just as a reminder this is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release and as always we’re available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Tom McGough: Sure Andrew. You know what we expect is the foundational progress that we made in Q1 we should sustain throughout the year. What we will be facing going in the Q2 is we’re going to be executing pricing based on the commodity increases that we have seen in several of our businesses that will create a headwind but overall we expect the volume to be fairly flat for the year.
Tom McGough: Sure. As Gary said, as with any investment we make we have a very sharp ROI focus on allocating those resources. Given the breadth of our portfolio, we are investing but we’re going to get the highest returns. Those include many of the businesses that Gary highlighted earlier, Marie Callender, a tomato crop [ph] platform, crop platform, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip. We will continue to invest, but we’re getting a very strong ROI. Overall our FY ’15 spending for the balance of the year will be roughly in-line with year ago levels.
Tom McGough: As you have highlighted we have talked a lot about these brands, we have been working to stabilize the three businesses of Chef Boyardee, Healthy Choice, and Orville Redenbacher's and it is focused on getting the fundamentals right and being perfect at retail. In Q1, we made very tangible progress in improving the trends. Specifically on Chef Boyardee it's been a combination of two factors, certainly adding our easy open lid to the product has improved our non-promoted velocities, but we have also been more effective in our in-store merchandising. On Healthy Choice, while the nutritional segment continues to be challenging we’re transforming our product line around Cafe Steamers, which is a very proprietary format for us. It's growing at strong double digit rates. This is work we’re going to continue throughout FY ’15 and then finally on Orville Redenbacher we will be fielding several initiatives in the latter part of this calendar year to get those fundamentals right and we anticipate improving trends in the second half. Microwave popcorn is a category that we believe and we’re confident we can grow and I think you can see that in our Act II performance that we’re posting very significant year-on-year increases in our consumption as we have gotten the fundamentals right on that business. So overall we expect to see continued sequential improvement from these brands as we progress through the year.
Paul Maass: Yes, especially a year ago and seasonality, the second quarter is a really important quarter and we are working through just very significant issues. Our service levels are where they need to be in the 98% range, we measure them consistently. Big focus area for us and the good news is that our sales team is on their heels reacted to a bunch of issues, we’re really managing the business the way it needs to be managed. On the color on the rebidding, I would say on Private Brands it's part of the business so it's ongoing element that we manage through. There is different things that will trigger a rebid by category, by customer, our focus is on the fundamentals, we’re building the business out the right way, developing stronger customer partnerships making a ton of progress and have confidence in how things will evolve as we go through the year.
Paul Maass: Yes and the other element I would mention John referenced in his remarks supply chain initiatives and the picture I will paint it's really about taking one step back to take two steps forward. We’re changing our broad [ph] distribution network to optimize how we execute there. In the short term that adds costs but in the long term it puts us in an advantage position to execute the business. We’re also consolidating production at certain plants, increases capacity utilization. Again these are expensive things to execute that hurts the profit performance in the short term but really positions us better in the longer term and that’s what we’re driving against and that’s what you see coming through.
Paul Maass: I would just describe national brand emulation is a critical part. We have really strong capabilities especially of the categories that we’re in as a core competence that is required for success, effective interaction with our customers and developing the right products. So leveraging our total R&D capabilities across our company is absolutely part of our total value proposition and we believe it gives us competitive advantage and we’re leaning into it and frankly back on the comments on the supply chain, I would put supply chain in that same realm and the same outlook. It's a strong capability, we’re leveraging it to help us win over the long haul.
Paul Maass: Yes and just a little color, I would start with our current margin performance is not acceptable and our focus is on improving it. A lot of effort around the top line working with customers and just basic blocking and tackling - filling distribution voids, gaining new business, getting it in market all the things that we talked about from a supply chain leveraging our R&D capabilities. So we’re making progress, there is sequential improvement, feel good about the outlook but also acknowledge that the current margin structure is not where it needs to be and the one that we haven't hit on much is pricing and we’re surgical pricing low margin SKUs that’s an element of it and that where we were a year ago we had to give a lot of pricing and that was just a situation we were in, but we’re fundamentally changing it and know we have to get a better outcome.
