Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today’s remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we’re making those statements in good faith and are confident about our Company’s direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So, if you’d like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I’ll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we’ll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website. Now, I’ll turn it over to Sean.
Chris Klinefelter: Thanks John. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I want to take a minute to update our listeners on investor relations here at ConAgra Foods. As pretty much everyone knows, our Company is moving its headquarters to Chicago and a lot of you have asked me personally if I am moving to Chicago. And while the decision to move to Chicago is best for the Company and its future, it has come with some changes on the people side of things for all the reasons that you would expect; family, stage of carrier and a host of other elements that play a part in evaluating major moves. Along those lines, I am not relocating to Chicago. I’ll be transitioning out of ConAgra Foods over the next few months, but I’ll still be your point of contact until we have all of the IR resources in place with the new organization. I have worked with many of you for more than a decade and a half and gotten to know several of you well. As well my more than 16 years at ConAgra Foods had me in the mix of plenty of the Company’s ups and downs, it’s been very satisfying to play a part in helping advance the Company’s mission. Looking back on all of this, I tremendously value the relationships that have come with the job. And I am thankful for the personal growth opportunities that have come with serving more the 16 years in this capacity. I will certainly miss the day-to-day interaction with great people inside and outside of this Company. And I want to emphasize that I feel very good about what the future holds for this organization, given its leadership and its mission.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Sean Connolly: Chris, I appreciate that and I appreciate your 16 years of service at our Company. You have been an important part of our team and we wish you continued success in the future. So, thank you and best wishes. And with that operator, let’s open it up to Q&A.
Sean Connolly: I’d say, Andrew, I am very pleased with our progress obviously and in no way is our work done. Clearly, there is some benefit in our margins from the absence of inflation but that is far from the whole story. We absolutely cannot discount the benefit of increased discipline across the margin expansion levers that we talked about earlier, things like pricing; trade; productivity; mix; stronger brands. We do expect the center line of our profitability to go north over time. We also expect that the standard deviation around that center line will decrease over time. And you are absolutely right, in any given quarter, margins could be impacted by short-term inflation or deflation. And what I would say is you won’t see you get overly exercise by that because we will stay focused on what’s right for the long haul. But yes, there is some benefit in there from the absence of deflation but our work is not done; we see further opportunities, and that’s why we are going to be relentless in pursuing.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think we’ve talked about this quite a bit, Ken. And from the beginning and as always, our focus is on maximizing value. And as we think about maximizing value, you should expect that we’re going to consider just about every option that you can dream up and then we will add into the analysis, all the information we know about our business and all the information we know about whether or not somebody’s an interested party. And our conclusion, as a management team and a Board, having looked at our options is that the spin is clearly the best way to maximize value here. And that’s our goal. All of this has been considered.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think from our standpoint, I -- clearly, a good part of what you’re seeing is really what’s embedded in the base. I mean we saw -- you saw the consumption data back in February didn’t look particularly pretty for us. That was as much of a function of being very aggressive in terms of deep discounted promotion in a year ago period and choosing not to do it this year, as well the fact that you’ve got some baseline -- the base driver elasticity because we’ve raised price on a number of businesses. Obviously, you saw that that was kind of a short-term effect because of the last consumption that was just released kind of showed that bounce back. So, look, growth has been allusive in our industry, it’s why we are so focused on innovation, it is why we’re so focused on margin expansion and efficiency, and we absolutely plan on expanding margins going in the future and we plan on improving our growth trends the right way as we continue to unfold this plan.
Sean Connolly: I’ll take that. We have a traditional food service division that we’ll retain as part of ConAgra Brands which is really to what we referenced in our peer set. So that will carry on and it won’t be -- that was a business that had a good quarter this quarter as well and that will continue to be part of our branded business, because it’s incredibly intertwined, think of large sizes of food service packages of the stuff that we sell in the retail channel tray. In the case of Lamb Weston, it is a focused, largely disintegrated business. And we believe that by being a pure play and being focused, it will continue to not only perform well but perform better. And it is very, very different from our traditional food service business which is really what you described as being embedded in our peer set. 
Sean Connolly: I’m very glad to answer this question, because I think it’s important to demystify what we are doing and what we’re not doing with respect to average pricing. Keep in mind, average pricing is a function of shelf price or our list price, but it’s also a function of our promoted volume price. And we’ve actually been active on both fronts. I think with respect to merchandising and a $100 million efficiency that we talk about within trade, sometimes what I read is that it sounds as if that’s coming across as if it’s just a cut, as if we’re ripping trade out, that nothing could be farther from the truth. We spend a lot of money on trades, we’ve identified a $100 million in trade spend that we don’t think does much to help us or our retailers. So, when we talk to our customers about being more efficient and impactful with that trade, they’re as interested in that as we are because it helps drive quality sales, it helps drive margins et cetera. And then separately, I’d say, our customers also value quality volume as much as we do. They understand that inefficiency isn’t helping anybody. So, if we can redeploy inefficiency into brand building, innovation or even more effective merchandising, everybody wins. So, think of the payoff as better margins and stronger brands versus cutting merchandising. Then, when it comes to shelf price, there are three pillars to our pricing actions. Number one is what we call inflation justified list price increases, meaning if we got inflation we feel totally justified in taking a list price increase and that’s we’ll do. The second piece of pricing is the trade efficiency we just talked about which in large part means, reduced reliance on deep discount merchandising and redeployment of those funds toward more effective, more efficient activities. And then the third piece of our pricing strategy is higher quality driven pricing, meaning we improve the food we’re selling and we charge more for it. And in any given quarter, we’re likely to have a mix of all three of these things, but the ratios could change within each quarter. So that is this strategy that we’re pursuing. Our customers are aligned with us on it, they’re supportive on it, they believe as we believe, it’s ultimately going to lead to better sales, better profit than a higher quality volume base.
Sean Connolly: As we said before that the bulk of the savings we’re going to generate through our programs hits in ‘17 and ‘18. One of the reasons why we don’t want you to start building a model necessarily right now is we’re in the process of pinning down exactly how much of that’s going to hit in ‘17 versus ‘18 as we continue to morph our organization design and things like that. So, a little bit of benefit now but the bulk is coming in the next couple of years.
Sean Connolly: Jason, I think you might have called into a different call, I don’t remember mentioning anything to shell game. We’ve got a significant spend with customers that we collaborate with very carefully and we have a zero loss mindset when it comes to analyzing that spend and partnering with our customers on how to put a red circle around funds that we think are doing little for our customers or us, and then collaborating with our customers in terms of how do you redeploy that funding to continue to support our brands and our categories in ways that are better for overall volume trends and overall margins. So, there’s waste there; we’re going to be as aggressive as anybody in the industry in terms of getting after that waste. And we’ll be open-minded with when we identify waste -- where it goes. If we’ve got a high ROI way of redeploying it, we will redeploy it; if we don’t have a high ROI way of redeploying it, we’ll drop it right to the bottom line. We’ll be very pragmatic around what to do in the lieu of waste based on what maximizes value.
Sean Connolly: Rob, I’ll interpret that along the lines of the question I’ve received sometimes before, which is in total, its’ more than 300 in our overall cost efficiency program, 200 SG&A, 100 in trade. And I think my answer before, which will remain intact today, is we’re only going to look for more. If we can find any inefficiency, we are going to try to get it out, whether it’s SG&A, weather it’s trade. Now, today, I can tell you, we are squarely focused on hitting that 300. We are on track. We feel good about the progress we are making. And we want to make sure we don’t get any slippage in that before we start getting stars in our eyes around going beyond that. But I think philosophically and culturally, we don’t view cost efficiency as a project, we view it as a way of life because it provides us fuel for investment and innovation. And it’s just helps us culturally be more performance oriented. So, we are going to continue to be relentless in that. Certainly on trade, it’s actually great to see the teams do it. Our teams get together as customer teams. They plan these events using significantly improved technology, post -- analytics tools, better systems. And we go through literally event by event, hundreds if not thousands of events. We know what they’ve done in the past now. We’ve got visibility to it. We know what we want to get rid of. We know what we want to change. We know what we want to add. And we do that by customer and it’s making a meaningful difference. So, we’re going to continue to work it. So, if there is more there, we will get it. We’re not ready to speculate on that right now, but philosophically, that’s our view.
Sean Connolly: Rob, we’re not going to get into anything that could look like guidance for next year at this point, because we are not ready to do that. Clearly, we feel very good about the direction that we are headed in terms of margin expansion, in terms of our ability to rebuild the innovation funnel. So, we are moving in the right direction, and we’ll look forward to going through each of the businesses in detail and giving some detailed guidance for you, as we do these Investor Days.
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously our position when it comes to GMO labeling is we need a federal standard, anything else makes no such. At the end of the day, we are for the consumer and we believe in transparency but we think it’s got to be done at a federal level. That said, there has not been a federal preemption and there is a law in Vermont. And we have to do what’s necessary to make sure that we are in compliance. For us to carve out inventories and think we can control what goes into Vermont, is not pragmatic, it’s not really doable at least with any reasonable cost. So we are in a position where we’ve got to do what we’ve got to do. And hopefully where we are right now is not the end of the story, there will be an evolution, there will be a federal standard and there will be a common communication strategy around this. So, ultimately that’s we care most about but there is no consumer confusion, there is no unnecessary increase in cost of the foods that our consumers are buying, things like that.
John Gehring: I think couple of thoughts. A lot of this just has to do with we’ve got work to do to make sure that we finish our analysis and have a good view of the year and finish our planning process, so we can provide our investors and analysts the right information around those drivers. On the brand and the brand investment targets, let me come back to that. I would see on the portfolio, again, we are not going to speculate on anything there, but clearly, we think there are going to be opportunities for us to change this portfolio going forward. We would share those impacts certainly if and when then come about.  On the brand investment targets, specifically that you mentioned, I might turn it over to Tom for a few comments but we are going to continue to make the right investments in our business behind the brand. So, I think it’s really about how do we do that with discipline. And as we finished our plan, those numbers could go up or they could stay flat or it could come down a little bit. But I may turn it over to Tom just to reiterate kind of what our philosophy is around how we are going to invest behind these brands in a discipline way.
John Gehring: Yes. Let me jump in, Dave, on a couple of factors just to address them. So, one thing I would remind folks is that especially in our Consumer Foods business last year in the fourth quarter, we put through a pretty strong quarter. So, we’re lapping a stronger quarter relatively speaking. The other thing is we do have some seasonality in our business in terms of the mix of products we sell in our consumer business, which impacts the margins. So, when you look at sequential margins from third quarter to fourth quarter, you should expect to see the seasonality mix impact come down some. And I think we’re still looking at some margin expansion year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So, I don’t think the trends are reversing or significantly flattening out. I really view it as again a number of these mechanical issues, in particular the 53rd week, some FX, so, higher incentives and then we’re going to continue to have some higher marketing investment. So, that’s kind of how we see it right now. And again, I don’t think we see any significant breaks in the trend on Lamb Weston business either.
John Gehring: Well, let me just share a few numbers; I haven’t converted them all at cents yet. But, I think productivity was about $30 million in the Consumer segment. Net inflation -- or net deflation all-in was about $20 million. In addition, we are lapping about $20 million hit we took last third quarter, because of the derivative matter that you all may recall. So, I think those are kind of the drivers of the COGS, if you will. So that’s why it gets you in that range.
John Gehring: Again, I think, we feel good about what we said here and how we look at the fourth quarter. And there again are some significant matters we’ve got to deal with after we look at how we think the business is going to continue to perform pretty well.
John Gehring: Yes, the way I think about it is, not having value destruction through tax leakage is a good thing and having a tax asset that you can deploy in the future as we think about reshaping our portfolio to be more contemporary, higher margin, higher performing, is a good thing. Now clearly, the tax asset is one of the tools we can leverage in that reshaping process. I won’t speculate on when that could happen, I’ll just say that we’ll do what makes sense for the long term value creation potential of the company.
John Gehring: We’re not going to provide specific numbers. I would say we have some modest early delivery from our cost savings program. I would also say a chunk of that was offset by some modest stranded costs that came back into the consumer business. So, I’d say net-net that wasn’t a huge driver of the margin expansion; it was more at the gross margin line.
John Gehring: Well, let me start with the Q4. I believe interest expense is down about $20 million. Just as a reminder, we had deployed the proceeds from private a brand until fairly late in the year and then also the debt we’re taking out is fairly low interest debt. So, that’s both the beauty and the curse of these interest rate environments. Certainly, as we go forward next year, you can look at the full year impact of the debt we just repaid but all we don’t know right now is the capital allocation around some of these other transactions that are still in progress. So, it’s not possible for me at this point or responsible for me to say here is what the other interest rate impacts of some of that capital deployment is going to be. Certainly, I would think those net-net would be favorable to interest expense next year. But we just can’t quantify at this point.
John Gehring: Yes. Let me start on the gross margin side. We don’t talk a lot about gross margin details, why, to tell you directionally is that both segments have strong gross margin increases. There was proportionally more in consumer than you get in commercial business, but both of them had strong margin expansion.
John Gehring: Yes. So, again, as some of this gets into kind of capital allocation plans, we have to finalize. So, I don’t want to get specific on exactly what we will be on the July maturity. I think if you can kind of do a math little bit, I think there is a couple of guide post I would point to. One is we continue to be committed to an investment grade credit rating on the ConAgra Brands business. Certainly what that implies is as we spin out pieces of business or otherwise change the portfolio where we would lose EBITDA, we would naturally then look to further debt reduction to make sure that our debt to EBITDA ratios are in line with what’s required to be investment grade. So, I think it’s a reasonable assumption that as we take pieces of business out and so off EBITDA or spin them off, it will have some additional debt reductions, but more details to come on that going forward.
