Sean Connolly: Sure, Andrew. Let me start that and, Tom, if I miss anything, you can round it out here. I think we're just getting started on frozen. You're seeing positive results from us overall, but I think that one slide I put up was pretty important, which shows we moved into positive territory, really on the back of improved velocities. We still have not yet turned the corner into positive territory in terms of total points of distribution. So, as I look forward and I think about maintaining positive velocities, but also linking that up with a move out of declining total points of distribution into positive net gains of total points of distribution, our results should get stronger. So, we're off to a bit of a better start than we expected. Frankly, we are just getting warmed up. If you [indiscernible] out of the quarter and you think about the frozen section in general, as I've been saying for several years now, the entire space is ready for massive innovation and overhaul and so I think what you're seeing is the early days of the opportunity that I see in this frozen space and we feel like we're leading the way.
Sean Connolly: Andrew, let me -- I think this is a really important point, because our view here is that a lot of what you saw in frozen was self-inflicted. I can take that even to broader food and big food to be specific. There's been, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a lot of pessimism out there. And I think our attitude is, look, these are dynamic times, no doubt. But, it seems to me that the notion that the sky is falling is a bit too much, isn't it? I mean, we view it as our job to navigate change in a way that sustains our competitiveness, continues to mine new opportunities and create value and we feel like we are doing that. The good news is we are two and a half years into this. So, we’re not just getting started. And the place we are farthest along is frozen. Now we have got to turn our attention and do similar things in other areas where we see growth opportunities within our portfolio, as an example, snacking where you see we have been active, particularly in M&A in the last year.
Sean Connolly: Well, what I can tell you, Ken is I don't think I said those things but it's -- there are obviously always different interpretations of what I say. So, let me try to clarify how I think about larger M&A. We think about it, number one, in terms of does it fit strategically? Does it help us become a company that delivers stronger returns for the long haul? And, obviously, we have to really sharpen our pencils in terms of what kind of synergies we can get, so we can understand the cadence of the returns that we can get. And then, ultimately, once we’ve done those things, it comes down to is the deal reasonably valued? And is the deal actionable? And when those things fall into place, we are prepared to move. And as you can see from our balance sheet, we have got the fire power to do something of some scale. That doesn't foreshadow specific-- any specific actions because obviously we don't have anything to report. But, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are always on the lookout for those key success criteria of ours aligning. And if we have something to report, you guys will be the first to find out.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, let me talk about that. Dave made some important color commentary remarks in his comments earlier about this, which is that a lot of what you saw leading to that total grocery and snacks decline in the first quarter was really isolated to the first period. And we did literally have a handful of brands in the first period where a year ago we had very aggressive deep discounting that had been long negotiated in advance with customers. So, you may recall last year I mentioned that with some of these customer deals, you lock in up to 18 months out. So we had some of those remnant deals in there, in particular in period one, on a number of our grocery businesses we had those. So, keep in mind, big picture, we are farther along in grocery and refrigerated. We are working aggressively now in other parts of the portfolio. Grocery is one of those. So, it makes sense for us to get these deep discount deals out of the -- out of the cadence of how we run the railroad here. It creates the wrong consumer impression about our brands. So, you can see, in frozen, as we’ve done that, we are starting to recondition the shopper to think about our brands fundamentally differently, enhanced by more modern, more premium innovation. You may not see the same level of intensity in our grocery and snack business overall. You will see us pick our spots. But you will see us back away from some of these legacy practices still. And we did that in period one and we saw material improvements in trends after we got through period one, moving into Q2.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Matt. So, obviously we have been looking at this. This week, the bipartisan proposal came out. But it's really important that we understand the details, right? More specifics around the corporate tax rate reduction, any limitations on certain deductions which would obviously impact us. But generally speaking, I think the legislation should benefit companies that have a higher percentage of their business in the U.S., which would be us. So, we're looking at it. In terms of if there is corporate tax reduction, and there's more cash, we bounce back to our capital allocation, right? In our balanced capital allocation, where -- what do we do with our money and we're looking at our debt. We are looking at share repurchase. We are looking at acquisitions and then investment in the organic business. So, that won't change. And we'll see how it all plays out.
Sean Connolly: Well, Jason, here again there's a lot of moving pieces here, right? So, obviously inflation ticked up. But, Sean talked about it. The one element is all the different aspects of price mix, right? So, list price increases, trade efficiency, mix, margin accretive innovation and just accelerating that and continuing to look at how that will flow out for the remainder of the year. We did not give a specific guidance on gross margin in the year, but we did for operating margin. So that obviously, A&P and SG&A impacts that. If you look at SG&A for the first quarter, we were down about $19 million. About half of that decrease was timing and half were real decreases based on costs we had in the prior quarter. So, we continue to look at SG&A and manage that and eliminate unnecessary costs. And we feel good about the progress there. So, when you take everything together with the pricing and how that flows out, the realized productivity that the supply chain is continuing to deliver, which is on track, and then our focus on SG&A. We still feel comfortable with the operating margin guidance.
Sean Connolly: Great question, Jason. Let me tackle that. I think the overarching thing is we don't have to do exactly the same thing in every segment that we have. We’re managing a total portfolio as a single cohort and really pushing growth where it makes sense to push growth. So, if you go back to our investor day and we talked about our portfolio segmentation model, we’ve got clear growers, we’ve got businesses that can move into adjacencies, we’ve got iconic brands that can be reinvigorated, and we have a lot of businesses that we call reliable contributors in the portfolio. Overall, big picture, we see lots more opportunity from here. We are innovating on our growth brands in growing categories. They skew disproportionately to frozen and refrigerated relative to, say, center store grocery. But we are also investing to bolster reliable contributors. Because reliable contributors contribute cash. Our growth brands which are in all parts of our portfolio use more of that cash and offer more top line. So, this is a fly wheel type operation that we have got moving in the right direction and we think we can accelerate it further from here. There are growth pockets, clearly, within grocery and snacks, some in grocery, some in, clearly, obviously in our snacks business. But there are also plenty of reliable contributors in that grocery business that are very high margin, high cash flow, and we just have not really renovated them yet and modernized them. So, that’s -- We will do that. Those businesses, some of them may not -- Chef Boyardee is an example -- we may not look at Chef as needing to become a growth engine, but it does need to reliably contribute because it's big. It's in tens of millions of households, it’s high margin-high cash flow, and it provides a lot of fuel for growth both in other parts of grocery and snacks and in frozen.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, sure, David. Let me try to tackle that. Frozen is -- we talked earlier-- it’s an opportunity and it's an opportunity and for all the reasons we discussed. And in the early success that we are seeing, I think it's a function of the fact that these products are really good. They are clean label. They are on trend. They taste fantastic. They are in unique packaging. So, many of you got the chance to see some of this stuff at Cagney and its very impressive innovation. But I think one of the things I'm most encouraged by in the very early data we see is the incrementality that we are seeing in some of our customers' data in terms of new purchases into the frozen section, new shoppers into the frozen section. To me, that's the big opportunity here because if you look at millennials as an example, who historically didn’t shop the frozen section. Well, think about it, millennials are living paycheck to paycheck. Perhaps one of the biggest single areas of waste in millennial budgets are the food that parishes in their refrigerator because they have been accustomed to buying refrigerated. We can deliver the equal quality product at better prices, but frozen so it’s not in a state where it’s going to perish and it won't lead to a wasted household balance sheet. So, that's a big opportunity and I think that's one of the key metrics that I want to see more of, along with the fact that we are taking legacy icon brands like Healthy Choice and we’re completely changing the way they show up, so that they suddenly have strong appeal, not to Boomers but to Millennials. So, that's part of keeping brands, legacy brands fresh for the long run. In terms of the balance between iconic legacy brand and start-up brands, as you can tell, by our portfolio, we have both and we think they both play a role. But in terms of what pays the bills, it's icon brands that have modern food attributes, that's where you drive velocity. And that frozen section in a customer’s operation is a true meritocracy business. And you have to ultimately drive velocity in order to perform and we’re seeing that with the icon brands that we’ve renovated. Going forward, yes, trends could strengthen from here. We’ve got -- obviously we are in the trial phase now. So as new products hit the marketplace, we will go from a trial phase to a repeat phase but we are also on a situation where we still are down in terms of net total points of distribution. So as that goes from negative territory to positive territory, that should only help. So, we are not guiding by segment or even by sub segment with frozen single serve meals, but obviously this is going in the right direction.
Sean Connolly: Well, I -- we have received that question a number of times and I think overall, we have not been pressured to lower our prices or dial up the intensity of our promotion, and maybe that's in part because we already have so many brands that offer a tremendous value. I think your point is right, that retailers and manufacturers alike are hungry for improved growth, and the real question is; how do you get there? Now, the default position, and a lot of people I talked to, as well, it must be lower prices but when you actually look at the data, at least within the branded space, a lot of times -- most times, it is not the lowest priced stuff that is actually growing. It's the more premium, more innovative up to date stuff that's growing, and that's really what we are doing with our portfolio. But I think bigger overall point here is that the thing that is going to spur growth, in our mind, is innovation, which is consistent with our belief that the consumer's calculus on what drives value, and their value assessment is much more comprehensive than price alone. And the conversations we have with respect to our portfolio, with our retailers, really align with that.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Luby, the net gain comment was with respect to total points of distribution. So, as you think about -- and when I think about the positive net gains versus negative net gains, it's just a net of the stuff we pulled out versus the stuff we have put in. Is it net it positive territory or negative territory. So, obviously last year, we did all takeaways out of the marketplace with SKU rationalization. In Q1, we’ve had more takeaways than we’ve had infusion in. And that’s going to shift as you see some of our SKU rationalization work abate and you see the new products hit the marketplace. So, you’ll see those total distribution points move more towards the positive territory as we move through the second quarter and the second half.
Sean Connolly: Well, clearly, it's moving in the right direction and every month is going to be different. It depends upon -- we still do have a lot of trade spend. We still do have a lot of merchandising. So, it depends upon where our activities line up vis a vis our competitive activities. But, it's moving in the right direction. One thing that I probably should mention, as we are getting to the end of the call is some people may think that hurricanes played a big role in our P&L in the quarter. That's actually not the case. The hurricanes are really more of a Q2 concept but -- and it will impact certain brands in the week before a hurricane, and what we call the preparation stage. But net/net impact on our portfolio is not that significant because, if you think about it, you might build up in the preparation phase but then you've got -- you've got, perhaps pantry inventory that's got to burn down. Furthermore, to the degree you ever have extended power outages and things like that, as you might imagine, that's not exactly helpful to frozen and refrigerated businesses. So, you have these puts and takes, is, I think, my overall point. And there might be weekly volatility in there, but in our experience, it's not a significant net impact, really not an impact at all to speak of in Q1. And we'll see how Q2 plays out.
Sean Connolly: Not really, Rob. We historically tracked -- We don't have a lot of seasonal businesses, we don’t have a lot of early shipments. Our consumption, on average, tracks pretty close to our shipments. So, there's a little bit of volatility in there. But, I think the big point you’re making which I would agree with is we are seeing our plan work. And it's not surprising to me that we had this same situation when I was at Sara Lee and Hillshire and saw similar types of traction. We are beginning to see it here. Obviously, we’ve got a larger portfolio here, so we’ve got more work to do in terms of touching different brands, and that takes time. This is not an overnight exercise, but there's just tremendous encouragement, I think, here on the team in terms of the traction that we're seeing.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Ken, let me take that first and then, Sean, you can build on it. If you look at this quarter, Ken, and you look at our gross margin, there were a lot of moving pieces to this, right? So, if you look at our overall gross margin improvement, about 30 basis points, you had slotting, which was negative impact of about 35 basis points. You had FX, which actually negatively impacted gross margin about 20 basis points and then you had the favorable impact of divesting Spicetec and Swank, which was about 50 basis points positive. So, if you look at those three things, they kind of net out, right? And we have now finally wrapped on the divestiture. So, to your question, Q2, that will no longer be there. So now you are just down to in Q1, the price mix benefit on gross margin was about 130 basis points positive, but the net inflation costs was about 110 basis points of a headwind getting to our 26-basis points improvement. So, I look at that has since our inflation, we expect to be similar in Q2, that sort of relationship should move to Q2. We still will have some incremental slotting in the second quarter, because some of our products are in Q2 as well, with our banquet products. So, there will be some incremental slotting in the second quarter as well. So, that's why we talked about the first half, there being most of the incremental slotting. So, hopefully that was able to paint a picture, but that's how I see the second quarter kind of flowing out.
Dave Marberger: Sure. Let me talk about gross margins holistically for our company, because I think it's an important part of our story. We were very clear a couple of years ago that we lagged the industry materially in gross margin, where the industry was roughly at 36. We set a 2020 goal of getting our company to 32. We are squarely on track to achieve that goal. We reiterated that guidance today. We have made tremendous progress in the last few years, putting 500 basis points or so of gross margin on there. Back at our Investor Day, we articulated that the year-on-year progress would slow down, and for obvious reasons, but I think going forward, we have no doubt we can continue to chip away at our gross margin performance. And when you think about the drivers of gross margin, to your question, as I have outlined previously, we actually pursue quite an array of drivers, everything from pricing, improved pricing capabilities, trade efficiency, productivity in our supply chain, channel mix, brand mix, all of these things, margin accretive innovation, all of these things are central pieces of our gross margin expansion agenda. So, these are all things we are working. The only other thing I will make the point of, again, is that there will be some volatility in gross margin expansion quarter to quarter, based on any number of factors. It could be that we have got more slotting in a particular quarter and less slotting in another quarter. It could be that we are in the early days of a shift from a deflationary environment into an inflationary environment. So, we experience inflation in cogs and haven’t yet gotten pricing into the marketplace. These are transitory dynamics. I don't get too caught up in those and it's why I talk about us being focused on moving the center line of our profitability north over time and trying to reduce that standard deviation around the center line by each year as we get better in terms of operating the company.
Dave Marberger: Well, we haven't given any profitability numbers on the business. So, I'm not sure where got. But what I can tell you is, this is an awesome brand. We can do a lot with it and we are highly confident that we will get a terrific return on our investment.
