Sean Connolly: Thanks, John. Before we turn things over to the Q&A section, I'd just like to say how grateful we're for John's many years of distinguished service to our Company. Johns has been an outstanding CFO, leader and friend and John, we wish you the very best of luck in your next chapter. With that, Operator, let's move to the Q&A please.
Sean Connolly: David, let me address the point you're making out of volume because I think this is a critical point. First of all, if you look at our overall story in Consumer, as I've said many times, we've got to remember this is a transformation we're undergoing here, not a flip of the switch. And on volume in particular, the bottom line is this. It is an undeniable fact that our past promotional practices have embedded in our volume base a group of consumers who are not brand loyal, who only buy on hot deals and who contribute virtually nothing to our profitability. It's also true that by catering to them, we have underserved the bulk of our volume base and these are consumers who would be willing to pay more for more contemporary, higher-quality offerings. The good news here around this whole dynamic is that it's reversible if we're willing to stick to our principles around optimizing mix and also refreshing the targeted brands for a new day. No one said this was going to be easy, but it is absolutely the right way to manage a branded asset for value creation. We know from years of experience what the alternative gets us and that's precisely why we do not get spooked when we see volumes pull back and margins expand. It's exactly what we expect [indiscernible]. In fact, I think in Q4, the volume backoff in Consumer was in the ballpark of 3.7% which frankly, in the scheme of what we're trying to do of purging some of these really bad deep-discount promotional behaviors, is frankly small in my mind. So that is a key point. The end game here is obviously what we're all about which is stronger brands, better innovation, better margins and ultimately, stronger growth and shareholder returns. And recall in the last year, we recruited a new Chief Growth Officer to run our Growth Center of Excellence and he is quite busy installing new work processes and raising our overall capability in this area. I'm looking forward to sharing some of these updates with you guys at Investor Day, but overall, I am quite optimistic around what the Growth Center of Excellence in partnership with our brands will be able to accomplish in this portfolio. In the meantime, we will absolutely let some of this non-investment-grade volume go and we will happily take the associated margin expansion.
Sean Connolly: There should be a mix shift over time, certainly, but let me just address something that somebody may have mentioned before and perhaps we didn't hit it, but it comes up on every call and I just want to address it head on which is should you guys expect a rebase from us in terms of A&P spend as we back off trade and things like that and I just don't see a rebase in front of us. We're a year into our game plan. We're making progress. We're going to keep working at the fundamentals here because we feel really good about what we're seeing. We certainly have more to do, but it's not like we're in inning one and we need to double down and wildly ratchet up our A&P in a sudden way. I just don't see that for us. We're going to do this in a thoughtful, analytical, disciplined way and if there's a migration, it will be an orderly migration.
Sean Connolly: Let me touch on portfolio segmentation. First of all, we will go deep on that with our investors at Investor Day and we'll have Darren Serrao literally walk through how we went about the process, because if you look at our branded portfolio, we have roughly 50 brands and unlike the old days, we're not going to take a first-horse-to-the-trough approach to resources around here on those 50 brands. We will be very disciplined around the roles each of those brands play in creating value. The simplest way to think about it is, first, we look at where do we compete in categories that are fundamentally healthy and growing and within those categories, do we have brands that are proven and strong competitors? If you'll see those markers, those are obviously places, especially assuming if you've got a good margin structure, where you're going to get a good return on A&P investment, so those become priorities in terms of renovating the brand, innovating the brand and supporting the brand. In other cases, we find we've got categories where perhaps the format has changed and it has shifted, but we still have perhaps the leading trademark with respect to the product, but we haven't moved into adjacencies or updated formats with the category. That's a simple innovation opportunity that is existing because, frankly, we're just not minding the shop. There are other businesses where we have historically invested in innovation and growth, but that shouldn't be the role of those businesses. Those businesses are major cash contributors. They are in mature categories. They have excellent margin and cash flow and we need to manage them for that because if we do that, that will provide fuel to really unlock all of the potential in the higher-growth categories. And then as we'll look at the portfolio, there may be one or two things we say, gee, we don't necessarily love the category. We don't necessarily have the answer in terms of what to do with these businesses. Maybe it's more valuable to somebody else than it is to us and if we find those, we've got this capital loss carryforward that's an asset that we've got here for roughly the next five years. So it will be a holistic approach to improving the businesses we have, optimizing the mix within our portfolio and also, if we see something on the outside that would be complementary to our portfolio, enable us to refresh our portfolio, especially in the areas of premium, gourmet organic, natural, that could be a good enhancement and addition to our portfolio. We did Blake's last year. That was a small one, but it's the right kind of stuff to really round out our portfolio and capitalize on our manufacturing assets and capabilities.
Sean Connolly: Yes, innovation, obviously, is going to be a centerpiece of what our new Growth Center of Excellence is focused on and partnering with Tom's Team on and as you think about ConAgra with respect to innovation, I think you should anticipate that we will run the gamut from necessary renovation and even some of the stuff we've done this past year where we've updated the package designs for the first time literally since the 80s. That's basic renovation stuff. It's not going to set the world on fire, but it is critically important to present our brands in a way that they look like they're from the modern era, but then we're also working on bolder innovations. As an example, last year we conducted a test market of a new product called Wicked Kitchen in the Southeast and we learned a tremendous amount and there were some really exciting things there.  So the Innovation Team is working on refreshing Wicked Kitchen and we'll show the market what that's going to look like when we do our Investor Day along with some other things. In terms of the kinds of benefits that you should anticipate we'll bring, well, it will be across the board and it will be in line with consumer trends, whether it's global flavor adventure, convenience, things like that. But in general, where we under index in our portfolio the most is really in, as I've talked about, the premium gourmet and then the natural organic and by not really tapping into those consumers, we're missing incremental sales and profit opportunities. Number one, they tend to be higher dollar range. Number two, they are totally incremental to a lot of the businesses we already have in terms of benefit. And number three, in most cases, we use our existing asset base, so it's very economically efficient. So we've got a full suite of things and we'll share a lot of this with you in the months and quarters ahead. One of the reasons we've been incredibly focused and aggressive on cost is because, frankly, it takes longer to rebuild your insight pipeline and rebuild your innovation pipeline. So we've jumped all over cost.  We moved aggressively knowing that it takes some time to get the branded side of the innovation pipeline rebuilt. But that work has been behind the scenes, aggressively under way and we've got some really exciting stuff coming. You saw some of it, early stuff, this past year with things like Healthy Choice Simply which is a clean label line there that's done really well for us and some other things, but that's just the beginning; there's plenty more to come.
Sean Connolly: Rob, that's an excellent question and it's a very important question. I think I may have talked about this at CAGNY. When you talk about trade efficiency with customers -- I may have mentioned this on the last call and I think I used the phrase you have to have a good bedside manner because you have to be very explicit around what we're talking about and what we're not talking about. When you walk into a buyer's desk and you say, I'm ripping out trade and taking it to my bottom line, as you might imagine, that is not the most desirable bedside manner and it doesn't go really well and that is not the conversation we're having. It is we can think of it in terms of $100 million in EBIT improvement and certainly, there may be some trade deals that are just so stupid and in efficient, we just eliminate them lock, stock and barrel. However, in other cases, because of the advanced analytics we're investing in, what we're doing with most of our customers is saying look, here are some case studies of where we spend chunks of money with you. Let's look at the empirical evidence together. It's clearly generating a nonexistent or anemic return. Alternatively, here is some things we can do that can generate a positive return and drive your top line and drive your bottom line. And when we're database and can bring in the evidence around the deals that aren't working and also the evidence of the deals that are working and say we're doing less of the former and more of the latter, we find we have a very engaged customer, because at the end of the day, as tough as growth has been in this industry for manufacturers, it's been the same way for retailers. Everybody is looking for profitable growth. And if we can bring intellectual capital to the table that can help not only our situation but our customers' P&L, that's a conversation that's well received.
Tom McGough: Let me just kind of set the background on price mix. We think about pricing in terms of three components, the first is inflation justified, the second, proven by trade productivity and the third pricing in conjunction with brand and quality upgrades that we made. When you look at Q4 there are several things that are affecting price mix in the quarter. Our pricing activities are focused on how do we increase our overall margin which we did in the quarter. So in terms of inflation justified pricing we're being more disciplined and timely in pricing for commodity changes both up and down. As you know the vast majority of our brands are not in pass through categories but there are a categories that tend to be pass-through and one of those is fresh meat and in Q4 we saw protein deflation that we pass through on brands like Hebrew National and Odom's Tennessee Pride. So that was a deflationary, we built our overall margins. We continue to make progress on the second piece in terms of our trade productivity, we've committed to $100 million of productivity savings that's going to show itself up into additional gross margin which we saw in the quarter. You see it in the measured results we're making progress in lowering our percent on deal and you'll continue to see positive impact of that forward. And then finally when we restage a brand like Banquet which we’ve talked about we'll increase our price with those product upgrades. In this quarter we also launched a line of organic Healthy Choice steamers at premium pricing so that was a positive contributor. So what you see overall is the impact of this pricing end market, higher average price, lower promoted volumes and importantly a healthier more profitable non-promoted base. So overtime I think what you can expect is that our pricing margins will move up while there may be some quarter on quarter variations.
Tom McGough: So just for background, expanding margins is a foundation of building stronger brands and accelerating our growth in the future and that's an ongoing continuous process. As we talked about there's a lot of components in terms of margin, there's certainly the pricing components, there's the productivity component, there's improvement in mix and then margin growth through renovation and innovation. So only the first really inflation justified pricing is only one component of margin but we did see some deflation of protein. In light of that we did see overall gross margins expand from the other component of our plan, particularly productivity lower commodities. I think you see end market our average price per unit is increasing and our margins were up as a result of this holistic approach. Over time our margins are going to grow, there's going to be quarter on quarter variations but we're committed to continue to drive a holistic approach to the margin expansion.
Tom McGough: I think what I would add is we talk about $100 million of productivity improvement. That's likely going to come through margin expansion and not necessarily lower spending. This is not simply about cutting trade spending. It's about using advanced analytics to develop programs that have higher impact and better returns for both ourselves and our customers. So we measure our progress in terms of margin expansion and not so much in terms of the absolute amount of money we spend on trade.
Tom McGough: This is Tom McGough. In terms of Banquet, it's been a very consistent and reliable contributor to profits over time and what we've done is we've looked at ways to invest to sustain that. And there are two things going on. As you mentioned, we took an everyday price increase getting off a decades-long price point of $1 and at the same time, we've eliminated discounts that took that price well below $1 at times. We're essentially just a couple quarters into the migration. I think it's important to highlight is that we made product quality improvements in conjunction with the pricing. What we're seeing from a consumer standpoint is that there are certainly households that bought Banquet because of the tremendous price value. We anticipated that we would lose some of those households. What we're beginning to see in the data is that the product quality upgrades are beginning to improve our repeat. So over time, we're going to see a business that our repeat purchase rate, our purchase frequency builds. But we're starting from a base of decades of $1 pricing and it is going to take several -- it will take time for us to rebuild business. What we do know is that we've significantly improved the margins of the business that have allowed us to invest.
Tom McGough: Chris, in terms of margins, as I highlighted a little bit earlier, it's a multi-dimensional approach, revenue, gross management that we talked extensively about today, the mix management, also supply chain productivity network optimization. What you're going to see over time is a gradual and consistent increase of our margin that will allow us to continue to invest in our brands. That's our overall approach. I think there's a long runway of opportunity. We certainly talked about the $100 million in terms of the revenue growth piece in terms of trade. We have a very consistent history of supply chain productivity and we're adding additional programs and initiatives to bolster our capabilities. In terms of A&P, as Sean said, we take a very disciplined and strategic approach with an ROI to investment. I don't think we have a targeted level of A&P in general for the portfolio. It's brand by brand and you can see where we've made those investments and the market impact that's having. That's what I think you can expect going forward is a zero-based approach where A&P is not an entitlement; it's earned. And we're strengthening our portfolio in a way that allows us to invest in more brands.
A – John Gehring: No, I will be here and I will work with the new CFO when he or she comes on Board and we will have a very full transition process so there will be plenty of overlap.
A – John Gehring: I think that it's just the process of going through all of the carve out financial statements and as I'm sure you're familiar with 410s there's a lot of comprehensive information that has to be gathered at a much different level of detail that is just taking a little bit longer. So I don't think there's anything significant there. We feel good about the timetable. Obviously, there's a significant SEC review process that probably adds some variability to the time as we go forward but as I indicated, I think we're going to monitor that process closely and then like I said by the end of the Summer we should have a better opportunity to bracket precise timing on the close as well as the Investor Day, but nothing significant other than just the volume work required to get the document put together.
A – John Gehring: I'd say for the year for fiscal 16 I think we were something north of $50 million, might be a little bit more than that and then as obviously as we’ve said as we get into fiscal '17 and '18 we would expect to see and again I'm speaking right now the $200 million of SG&A. So we would expect to see the lion share of the SG&A in '17 and '18. I would tell you we would expect to see some ramp up in SG&A savings as we go through FY '17 because as we enter the year we still have some duplicate costs as people transition in new jobs and people transition out of the same jobs, for instance. So I think we feel good about the lion share of that going forward and then on the trade phasing I might ask Tom or Sean to comment briefly on any significant insights there.
A – Sean Connolly: I think one of the keys is as we pursue margin expansion we pursue higher quality volume base. We're not going to get overly exercised about some variability from quarter to quarter because every quarter has got a bit of a different story to it whether it's wrap, whether it's seasonality, whether it's the mix of products that we've got moving through it. The fact of the matter is our absolute margins and consumer continue to be in a significantly improved position versus where they've been historically and that's because of the discipline that we're driving and you know we're going to continue to drive that discipline here in the next couple of quarters because we've got a [indiscernible] out of our base some behaviors that we're not adding to value. So you're going to continue to see as we've talked before we want to see the center line of our profitability move north over time. There may be some variability around that quarter to quarter based on the dynamics of the quarter we're in but our goal is to drive the center line north over time and reduce the standard deviation around that center line and we continue to feel excellent about kind of the progress we're making in the path we're on.
A – Sean Connolly: Well I appreciate you not asking to comment on rumor or speculation because we wouldn't be able to do that but I will reiterate that we're and we have been focused squarely focused on value maximization. We remain highly confident that our planned spin does the best job of meeting that objective. I've also said that many times that if something real and clearly superior were to emerge we would be open minded but the fact is we feel great about the spin and have all of our energy focused on executing that with excellence.
A – Sean Connolly: Sure, our process in terms of trade spending is going to be a perpetual process of using advanced analytics to measure, learn and improve our spending. Certainly over the course of this fiscal year we've made fairly significant improvement and you'll continue to see those in the upcoming periods.
