Sean Connolly: Yeah, not so much. On the Pinnacle brands, we delivered a normal shipping pattern in this quarter versus the prior year when the business was getting ready to change. And so in other words, the volume came in when it should have. And at a company level, overall consumption and the P&L were almost in total lock step on the first half. And then, of course, with respect to customers, our goal is on-time and in-full shipments and a simple reason for that is because if we don’t do that, we can be out of stock or fined. So we fulfill orders when we get them.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me try to clarify what exactly I was referring to last quarter with respect to the new environment. There are a small handful of customers who are much farther along on their click and collect. And as a result, they need to create more holding power on the highest velocity items in the category, items like the brands we sell in frozen, particularly in single-serve meals. The balance of the retail universe, it’s kind of business as usual and they’re less developed in terms of click and collect and they take as many new items as we can basically make. So in both of those instances, our business is performing well. And the first part, we’re performing well because we are picking up pacings on high-velocity items where we may have previously had out of stock along with getting some of our new innovation into the marketplace. With the other customers, we are getting a ton of new TPDs behind this very vast innovation slate we’ve got out there. So in terms of share of shelf and overall dollar sales growth versus the prior year, we are pairing quite well in frozen single-serve meals across both of these types of customers.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Steve, let me take the trade spend, the investment, and retail spend. As we had said, the first half, we expect that investment to be higher than the second half, and that's still our forecast. So the second half will be a bit lower than the percentages in the first half, although we'll still be investing for sure. So we came in at 1.7% in Q1 and 1.5% in Q2, so it’ll be a bit lower in the second half.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think, first of all, with respect to the top line and in the first half of the year and for the balance of the year, we always expect and we consistently communicated that we would see strength as we move through the year. And so when you – look, given where we are right now, you really need to look at the totality of the first half for the company because when you do that, you will see dollar sales in the P&L modestly trails consumption for the total company. And the reason for that is really the above underlying marketing investments that we've made with retailers, but historically, we tend to shift to consumption over time, and we expect that to continue. In terms of Pinnacle flow, really what I said is really the key point. Our volume came in on Pinnacle through the core, the way it should have. It was lumpier in the year ago period, because the company actually had two different owners in the year ago period. So, there’s two different folks running the business. This year, it came in the way it should have and came in the way customers ordered it, and that’s the way it flowed.
Sean Connolly: Well, I’m not exactly sure what the value of the metrics that you – or the tools that you got, tracking tools you guys use in terms of does it capture everything. But keep in mind, when we said we were investing in Q2, it was always we’re investing in Q2 to tee up the back half. And so their investment is Q2 and then in the back half itself. A lot of our early investment is investment in slotting to get the product on the shelf, investment with customer to get the right physical availability of the product because that’s the precursor to creating mental availability for the product. As we move into the second half of the year, that’s when you see more of the more visible things hit like our social digital programs, our mainstream media programs. That usually doesn’t get turned on until after the products are in fairly substantially ACV, and that’s really as we get into the back half of the year. A lot of the balance of it is incentives – early trial incentives for things that hit the shelf early and getting the products in the right spot on the right shelf.
Sean Connolly: Oh, yeah. I mean, it’s – we've got a pretty robust slate that went out in the first half, and we've got a robust slate going out in the second half. And if you just look as kind of a proxy, some of the data that we showed in our prepared slides. Go back to last year. Last year's innovation continues to crank this year. This year's innovation that we've launched thus far is doing even better than last year's innovation, so we expect that to build in the second half. We already know obviously where those – that innovation is and of the items that are going to ship in the second half, we know who has accepted them and when they're expected to go. And based on the success of last year's innovation and this year's innovation so far, I see no logical reason why those wouldn’t perform in a similar manner.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. We’re always evaluating those opportunities, so we’re looking at that all the time. So, yeah, when we think there's a good opportunity, we’ll execute against it.
Sean Connolly: Rob, we are really excited about the Birds Eye brand and owning that brand and what we can do with it. Overall, our goal with Birds Eye is to democratize vegetable goodness and we do that three ways. One, we modernize and we premiumize vegetables. Two, we optimize veggie-based meals. And three, we extend Birds Eye’s vegetable credentials into new categories. And we are just getting warmed up in terms of these three things and you can see some of the very early stuff in our slides today. So, as you can see, our focus is on what I'll call value-added innovation. And as we deliver these into the marketplace, we expect Birds Eye with its extremely strong and leading market share to be highly competitive versus all players, branded and private label alike. When Birds Eye slowed its innovation cadence in 2018, others were opportunistic. But now that we are applying our playbook to Birds Eye, we expect strong results to be the outcome and we expect to see a very nice second half.
Sean Connolly: Jon, as I mentioned in my comments, we're looking at all the levers for gross margin and mixes, one of those, especially margin accretive [indiscernible] mix and benefit there. So that's factored into our guidance for this year. Our gross margins in the second quarter came in a little bit favorable to our estimates. One was because of some of the trade productivity that we're starting to realize, which flows through and obviously benefits the gross margin. So we're on track, we're managing all the levers mix and the others. We are going to have a spike in inflation relative to the first half in the second half because of proteins. So we'll be over 2.8% in the second half. So we have to manage that as part of gross margin. But we feel good in our overall guidance for operating margin and the impact the gross margin has on that for full-year fiscal 2020.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I – that may be true. I don’t know if that’s true on that piece of the business, Jon. But I’ve been doing this a long time around grocery. And what I can tell you is a lot of what tends to drive the super outsized gross margin you see in some of the peer companies is a single dominant category that has a call it, 50-plus gross margin or high-40s gross margin that elevates the average for that whole group. We don’t have one of those. So we’ve got very nice accretive margins versus others, but we don’t have one of those large enormous through the roof type of gross margin businesses. And maybe that’s not a bad thing because a lot of the businesses that have those kinds of margins tend to be at least where we’ve seen a secular decline. We don’t have that either, and that’s a good thing.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. If that kind of gets at, did we pull any of the second half volume into the first half to fill the pipeline. The answer to that is no. The first half sales number in the P&L again was a tad behind assumption. So the bottom line is, we expect a good second half. The H1 innovation should continue to gain traction. The 82 invasion hits the marketplace and comps become pretty favorable again, especially an Legacy CAG in Q4. So that's really kind of how we view the next six months as we sit here today.
Sean Connolly: It’s actually really strong. I'll keep our powder dry on kind of how we're – our rolling progress looks probably until CAGNY, but it's very strong, Alexia. And just for everybody else who’s listening, remember this is a company that – we call this metric renewal rate. It’s the percentage of annual net sales that comes from stuff we've launched in the last three years. Our historic track record was around 9-ish percent. Best-in-class tends to be about 15%. We pushed it kind of into that 12% area about a year ago, and we've made significant progress even from there. So that's – that remains kind of – our true north is to get and stay in that ballpark over time in that 13% and 15% range. We think that's about the right spot.
Sean Connolly: No, we're -- most of the reinvestment is going to be in the second half, as we've talked about. There's different areas that we're looking into in terms of the reinvestment. Some of it could be increased investment with retailers which affects above the line. Some could be more in package quality which goes right to cost of goods sold. Some could be an A&P which is the A&P line. So, the re-investment could hit different areas of the P&L. The bigger point is that most of that reinvestment will take place in the second half of fiscal 2020.
David Marberger: Yeah. Just to add one thing, Ken. As we said last quarter, we expect sequential improvement in organic net sales each quarter in fiscal 2020. So we saw that Q1 to Q2 and we expect to see that continue Q3 and Q4.
David Marberger: Yeah. Ken, I think the way I think about it is our judgment at this juncture is that taking the $285 million to the bottom line over the course of the next several years is enough for now. And that if we find favor ability above that, a better return will be to invest in the business so we can sustain the strong performance we expect over the next couple of years. In other words, this is a long game for us. We're trying to build this portfolio to be perpetually strong and getting stronger in each and every strategic planning horizon. So as we find opportunity over and above a very rich $285 million which keep in mind was well above what we originally planned, if we can see a line of sight to strengthening our business that could be at the plants, it could be in marketing, it could be in any number, it could be with customers, then we'll see the opportunity to continue to build our brands, because you got to – as we all know from the last several years in this industry, it's got to be a balance of strong financial performance and strong investment in innovation and the consumer.
David Marberger: Well, I think big picture, it's the sustained strength in Frozen and Snacks, as well as the passage of transitory challenges we saw previously Hunt’s and Chef and even Marie Callender's frozen in Q4 of last year, as well as the Pinnacle businesses wrapping some of their weaker comps and finally getting back in the game in terms of the kind of quality innovation that frankly should have been there all along, those are really a lot of the key drivers of what's going to deliver the second half performance.
David Marberger: In terms of investing in the business, Steve, really everything is on the table here in terms of investing in our infrastructure at our plants so we can run higher quality and run more efficiently, investing in our brands. As you heard in his comments, our working A&P was up this quarter. We continued to do a lot with our customers at the point of purchase particularly because that matters a lot when you’re launching new innovation into the marketplace that people haven’t seen before. The precursor to trial if of course awareness. So that’s a part of our playbook that we've been doing pretty consistently activating with customers over the last couple of years, we’ll continue to do.
David Marberger: Yeah. To some degree, Chris, that is kind of an ongoing thing because if you think about innovation being such a centerpiece of the Conagra way. There’s not a company in consumer packaged goods that has 100% of its innovation work. It just – it doesn't happen. Innovation is a bit of a numbers game. So you're going to launch a suite of things each cycle, you will see some of them outperform expectations. You'll see others don't perform the way you expect it. So there is almost inherently a ongoing weed and feed type of approach that you will have if you are a perpetual innovator. And that's the way we think we are. In terms of the other kind of value over volume of stuff that's truly antiquated that probably shouldn't come out of the market long ago, either because of the topline weakness or margin weakness, we're pretty far along in that piece of our equation. Right? We've been doing that for a while particularly on legacy CAG. Obviously, there's more for us to do there on the business and we've done a fair amount of that so far this calendar year. We still have some to go, but again, the purpose of that is to get to a foundation that is really stable that you can then build on as you tether the new innovation into the marketplace. So on that piece of the business, we're not as far along as on legacy CAG. But to some degree, there will be an element that is ongoing as some of the innovation outperforms expectation and some of it falls short.
David Marberger: Yeah. Chris, first half inflation actually came in below 2.8%. The second quarter inflation was around 2.1%, 2.2% as the metal and the resin packaging and oil’s inflation started to moderate. As I said in my comments, we expect second half inflation actually to bump up because we expect higher inflation on pork and beef and protein. So second half, that actually will bump up over 3%. So we still estimate total fiscal year 2020 inflation of approximately 2.8% where it was a little bit favorable Q2 and then it’s going to bump back up second half. So that’s all in our 2.8%.
David Marberger: Yeah and just to build on that, so when you used the term trade, there’s really two kind of ways to look at that. What we break out on our sales bridge is the increase in retail or investment, and these are brand-building investments with the retailers that enable us to get incremental shelf space, improve shelf placement and it drives consumer trial and repeat. There’s also a piece of trade which is just pure price promotion. That is not what we carve out increase and retail our investments on the sales bridge. That does not include just pure price promotion. So when you use rate, you got to understand there’s two components to that. And so things like Chef where we’re being competitive, we’ll have price promotion on that, for example. That hits the – more the price component of trade.
David Marberger: Sure. On the first part, Nick, I've been saying for the better part of five years now that one way you can think about what we threw around here is we're perpetually reshaping our portfolio for better growth and better margins. And underneath that, we do it three ways. One, we invest in innovation to strengthen the brands we own. Two, we acquire new brands where our playbook can easily be applied that will be additive and complementary and incremental to what we already do. And three, we will divest stuff that either doesn't fit strategically or is a chronic drag on our margin or our sales rate or it’s just too resource intensive for us to consider to be a priority. We've been very aggressive in doing all three of these things for the last five years. And on that third piece, with respect – in terms of divestitures that help us better sculpt growth and margins, we remain very active there including just the new news today that we intend to – to sell lenders. So there's a lot of – there’s been a lot of activity there and I don't expect that to change obviously. The inbound stuff is going to change because we're in the mode of deleveraging right now and that will be the case for some time. But the divestiture side, we've been active in and we will continue to look at our portfolio. In terms of trade efficiency, and customer investment, this is a space that was very neanderthal 20 years ago and not very analytical to a space that has become much more analytical and much easier to evaluate, particular activities in terms of ROI and to enable some of that, we’ve made investments in technology so we can really get the data and leverage the analytical tools that are available to us now and that is resulting in better bang for our buck, and it actually is applied not only to trade, but we also apply to similar types of advanced analytics to our AMP investments. And the whole goal of this is to identify the proverbial 50% of your marketing that people always talk to but doesn't work, so we can cut it and redeploy it elsewhere to be more productive for us, and we've made strong and steady progress in terms of that efficiency and effectiveness in the last several years and it continues even as we go through this year.
