Sean Connolly: Sure, Andrew. Let me address that. First, let me give you my perspective on our top-line trends overall. As you heard me say in my prepared remarks, top-line is tracking pretty much how we planned it with the obvious exception being International and Foodservice, which is again timing. Frozen is thriving, snacks is thriving; grocery is on track, navigating some competitive dynamics on a couple of brands, and value-over-volume is doing its thing on Pinnacle. So, one quarter down, we're on track. Now, in Q2, we're investing meaningfully to tee up a terrific innovation slate that will support our strong second half growth. That's always been the plan, and we're excited to see it unfold. What you're seeing much more recently is a function of the fact that we are in a transitionary period at some major customers with respect to new shelf sets in frozen. And we have in fact seen some out of stocks as the new tags are being set. So, to be clear, no drop-off in consumer pull. This is a temporary dynamic; it's fairly typical in -- right in advance of the new shelf sets. And in terms of share of shelf and share of market that we're seeing in the very early days of these new shelf sets, we continue to see positive momentum. So, that bodes well.
Sean Connolly: Ken, we keep a new item tracker on every single new item we have that has our targeted ACV, our targeted TPDs, and then has our progress in terms of what has been accepted and what has not. So, we've got a roadmap. And by now, we have a pretty good handle on what has been accepted, we feel very good about it. That's a large part why we feel so good about the inflection in the back half of the year. It's really the combination of much, much easier comps on a lot of these brands, plus basically the polar opposite of what was happening last year at this time unfolding, where items were coming out that were particularly weak velocity items. Now, we've got our largest slate of innovation yet frankly across the board, not just Legacy Pinnacle and Birds Eye that is hitting the marketplace now through the back half of the year. So, feel very good about customer acceptances and the innovation slate in the back half.
Sean Connolly: Well, as we've passed through multiple times, after we closed on the deal, we did learn some things about the business that had to be addressed. And our approach is to address them head-on. And we are doing that. And in fact, you can look at the absolute numbers on Pinnacle in the quarter as an example and say, well, how could it be on track? And the short answer to that is, because it is. When we realized that we had to deal with some of these things on the Pinnacle portfolio head-on, we knew right then that we had to execute our value-over-volume playbook. And keep in mind, value-over-volume is about cleaning up and strengthening the base. It may not be pretty optically when you're in the throes of it, particularly when you're in close proximity to the shelf sets and inventories adjust, which is what we saw in Q1. But, it is an absolutely critical step to improving velocities and establishing that stronger foundation on which we can build. And if you look at what we've done on Banquet on Healthy Choice and Marie and now even Wish-Bone, you've got to have the courage of your convictions to build brands the right way for long haul, and we do. So, we definitely had some things unfold on this business that we did not plan for. But, once you're at that point in time, it's really a question of how do you respond to it. And this is how we're responding to it. Not to mention the synergies that we are managing to extract from the combination are proving to be quite attractive.
Sean Connolly: Just one other point on that that's worth the folks on the line keeping in mind is, if you think about the Legacy Conagra portfolio, and even to some degree, the Legacy Pinnacle portfolio, it was heavily skewed toward the value -- or value tier, a value orientation. So, we have been working nonstop for five years to premiumize our Legacy CAG portfolio. We're certainly working now to premiumize the Pinnacle portfolio. And while the old school thinking is that when you add more COGS, your margin comes down, actually we’ve experienced the opposite. When you build better quality products and better quality packages, you can price for it. And when you can price for it, you can build back not only your margins, but your retailer margins, which we've done. And that's one of the things that has helped our relationships with our retailers to grow progressively stronger over the years.
Sean Connolly: Well, let me take the inventory piece, Rob. And Dave can weigh in on the balance of it. Because it is very consistent with what we expected and it's very consistent with what we've experienced before. And frankly, it's something that -- it's something that we have experienced from time to time on our broader business. So, just a broader comment on this notion of shipments vis-à-vis consumption. Again, Dave add any more detail. I want to remind you, our business historically shows shipments and consumption track pretty closely together. But, from time to time, they will diverge. And in our case, if you see that divergence, it's likely tied to one of four factors. One is value-over-volume driven reductions in retailer inventories. And this is because when SKUs get eliminated, so do the safety stocks on those items. And it usually occurs in close proximity to shelf resets. And that's what we saw in Q1 on Pinnacle. As you saw, consumption was tracking on Pinnacle very consistently with where we've had it in that 4 to 4.5 -- down 4.5% range. The second factor is increased brand building investments with retailers that are accounted for above the line. And in Q1, we saw that on both Pinnacle and on legacy CAG. The third occurrence where you might see the divergence is when we take deliberate actions that you can't see in the scanner data. We did this in Q1 on legacy CAG because we exited some private label products that were not the margin profile we liked. And then, the fourth factor when you’d see it is declines in unmeasured channels. And we saw a bit of that in Q1 on our Duke's brand tied to the supply chain disruption we experienced in Q4 and recovering from that, but that root cause is behind us. We expect normal distribution to be in marketplace on that business in the second half. So, we saw some divergence both in our grocery snacks business and in the Pinnacle business. It's not typical for us. But, when it happens, it’s tied to those four things. And we can bridge those out. And every element of it makes sense with how we anticipate it to fold out. Importantly, we don't expect shipments to lag consumptions in the year ago period, the way they did in Q1, either on Legacy Pinnacle or our Grocery & Snacks business.
Sean Connolly: Well, first of all, welcome back, David. Good to have you on the line. Yes. The answer is yes to your question. This is -- the way to think about this is we've got -- both in Q2, you see some Birds Eye stuff, that's recently hit the marketplace in the back half of the year, we have a ton of stuff hitting the marketplace. We've got to tee that up to get this kind of shelving we want, the eye level placement we want. Basically, all the awareness drivers have to get in place and then the trial drivers get in place. And we're doing a lot of that as we've done consistently over the last couple years in store because we find it far more effective in spotlighting our new items than running TV commercials at 3 o'clock in the morning, as an example. So, that does hit add a peak in Q2 and it is a central piece of making sure we've got that buzz out there in advance of when we expect to see the takeaway kick in, which is in the back half of the year.
Sean Connolly: All right. So, there's a lot in there. Let me try to hit the piece there. First of all, in terms of some inventory reductions at retailers, it's really not a lot noteworthy in frozen. It was really a concept around the Legacy Pinnacle business and value-over-volume and a bit of the Grocery & Snacks business that I already talked. With respect to the shelf and the dynamics with customers right now, I would say, these are certainly very dynamic times, but our relationship with customers is very strong. And I feel very good about the progress we're making in terms of getting new items on the shelf. Certainly creating space for new items always starts with us proactively spotlighting our own items that need to come out. That's kind of value-over-volume. And in the simplest sense, our customers want to grow and they understand that their shoppers demand modern products. And our innovation capabilities are clearly well respected with our customers as we drive growth in their priority categories of the innovation. So, they continue to embrace our innovation. We are also working very collaboratively with many of our traditional customers though to help them navigate their exploding e-commerce business, particularly the in-store pickup piece or what some people call click and collect. And what we're doing with them there is trying to create more holding capacity within the store for top movers, think of that as high velocity items. And the reason we're doing that is to avoid out of socks, because they not only have their old foot traffic on the ground, now they've got all the people that are doing click and collect and doing pickups. So, you've got to create more holding power on those high velocity items. And that's particularly important in space constraint spaces like frozen where you would seen and we'll continue to see the actual number of TPDs coming down. But, I think, it is critically important, you don't confuse that TPD read with linear feet of shelf space being reduced, because that is not happening. In frozen single-serve meals as an example, we actually see real estate expanding. TPDs are coming down intentionally collaboratively with us and our customers. We have to have more holding power on our high velocity stuff because that leads to better sales and those are the things that really turn. But, it's a more limited assortment with more facings for big brands that have high velocities and those are brands like ours.
Sean Connolly: Yes. The grocery piece, as I said in our prepared remarks, the decline in grocery was planned; it was highly focused on the two brands we discussed. And that is where -- we planned it that way because we didn't put the action plan in place until the very end of the quarter which really impacts Q2. And that's pretty much how it's played out. So, while it is early days on those action plans, you could see some of the numbers that we showed you today. We do like the traction we see. And those typically are very responsive brands. They are number one market share brands. When we're fully competitive, we tend to move a lot of volume. So, that's what we expect to improve as we move through Q2.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Steve, one of the reasons why I think consensus was a little farther off with our internal plans because we don't guide to the quarter, and we're not going to guide to the quarter, but we want to be helpful in getting the shape of the curve right. And I think the message today is quarter one is on track. The back half we're counting on being big in terms of growth. And Q2 is really a quarter that sets up the back half in terms of investment, which is why Dave made the comments on gross margin that we've got, because we've got some contra gross margin and contra net sales investments hitting in Q2. So, that suggests that the real inflection that we're going to see is really coming in the back half of the year. Dave, do you want to...
Sean Connolly: Yes. So, let me try to simplify frozen. There's a lot going on right now in frozen. Dynamic times, we've got shelf sets being kind of reshuffled at major customers. Big part of that is to accommodate this whole higher holding capacity on high velocity items to support the click and collect business, which by the way, is not just a customer priority, it's our priority. Our sales look better when we've got more holding power on high velocity items. So, a lot of dynamics going on. Within that, in space constrained spaces, you may and likely will see TPDs coming down. And I think this is important because sometimes TPDs are assumed as a proxy of real estate, and it is not an accurate proxy of real estate, where actually, as I pointed out, single-serve meals is growing in real estate, but it's -- we're getting more facings on high velocity items. So, a lot of this is happening right now as we speak. And not only I'm very pleased with leading up to those shelf planogram change with how we perform, because if you look at our data, our sales are the best in the industry, our share of shelf is the best in the industry, and no one else is even remotely close. So, that's good. And then, as we see the new planograms unfold, I continue -- even though we've had some near-term out-of-stocks in the shelf that is getting reset, I continue to see positive things in terms of our overall market shares and our overall share of shelf within the new shelf sets. So, nothing but -- it's dynamic times, but nothing has changed in terms of the consumer pull and the appeal of our brands to consumers and customers alike.
Sean Connolly: Well, on the volume line, you are going to see volume diverge obviously from sales, because the contra net sales items are really about setting it up. So, there will be some new items that are going to build momentum in the second quarter volumetrically. The net sales piece of it you're going to see inflect more in the back half of the year.
Sean Connolly: And part of that Jason is, the gap between shipments and consumption on Pinnacle in Q1 is -- again, that is a typical thing in close proximity to the shelf resets. Those are basically unfolding now. So, on a year-to-go basis, we don't expect to see that kind of lag. And that will begin here as we go into Q2. And that’s the volume piece of it.
Sean Connolly: I wouldn't say it's a straight line for the balance of the year. But, over the course of the year-to-go period, we don't expect there to be a lag between shipments and consumption.
David Marberger: Yes. Just to add, as you see on the bridge, Andrew, we invested 1.7% of organic net sales in investment in Q1. We do expect that Q2 net level will be higher. And I made that in my comments that will impact Q2 gross margins relative to Q1; and that in the second half, we expect those levels to be lower than the first half.
David Marberger: And Bryan, if you look at Q1, I know it gets a little bumpy with us now having Pinnacle in there. But if you look at Refrigerated & Frozen, and you can see the margin improvement. And you can see that Birds Eye really helps with the overall margins of the segment. And so, with a lot of innovation in Birds Eye, obviously that's margin accretive. And in our snacks business, great margin there on innovation. It’s hard because it's combined in a segment that has other businesses with it. So, a big part of our focus is looking at the margins whenever we launch new products.
David Marberger: Yes. And just to add, Robert. When you look on the operating margin bridge, which is one of the things you're referring to, we do show that Pinnacle's 46 basis points dilutive, and that's just to demonstrate that -- and this was when we reported Pinnacle separate last year, you could see the Pinnacle gross margins are below the overall Legacy Conagra gross margin. So, by bringing that business in is to show that it's dilutive. But, what gets a little complicated now that the synergies coming in and SG&A going out, a kind of standalone Pinnacle at this point is really not relevant. We're not reporting it that way. But, that's just to show that the gross margins for Pinnacle coming in are lower than overall company average, which is what you saw at the end of last year.
David Marberger: Yes. It's a good question. It includes some benefit, the way that we actually capture a synergy and unallocated it, some of it can go to a Pinnacle item, some of it can go to Legacy CAG. Right? So, if it's in procurement and you're able to get a benefit of reducing your overall buy on a certain ingredient, it may benefit the ingredients that you use on Conagra products and Pinnacle products. Right? So, that synergy gets allocated. So, some of it’s in there, but not all of it.
David Marberger: Yes, Chris. So, the biggest driver in the first quarter was the timing of sales, both in India and Puerto Rico. So, assistance programs in Puerto Rico were delayed in the quarter and that had a significant impact on our export shipments in our sales. And shipment patterns changed certain sales in India which caused timing shifts between quarters as well. So, we expect these businesses to remain on track to plan for the full year. That's just a timing push for international.
David Marberger: Yes. So, when you talk about innovation, if you are talking about the cost to get to market and distribution, yes, you will see that above the line. There is obviously all the developmental costs of innovation, R&D and manufacturing resources and test runs and all that. And all of that hits in SG&A or cost of goods sold. But the actual distribution commercialization push with the customer is above the line.
David Marberger: Yes. Just to add, and here again, we don't guide quarterly. But to give a little bit more context, you should see sequential improvement in organic net sales from Q1 to Q2, and then improvement from Q2 to the second half to get to our full year outlook of 1% to 1.5%.
David Marberger: Yes, Jason. So, let me -- let me take it from the top. We're obviously very pleased with the progress we're making with synergies. We're focused on it. We track it closely. In the first quarter, we delivered $40 million in synergies. About two-thirds of that was SG&A, which is what we expected. We're still estimating the total synergies of 285 through fiscal ‘22. One quarter under our belt still early in the year. So, we’ll provide an update at the end of the second quarter on exactly where we see synergies coming in for the full year. We had said previously that we would be at 55% of total synergies by the end of fiscal ‘20. We're going to update that at the end of the second quarter as we continue to see our progress. In terms of cost to achieve, just to hit that, that's $87 million program to-date, we're still on track with the $320 million through fiscal ‘22.
David Marberger: Yes. With organic, as I said, Q2, we expect to be better than Q1; and then, the second half to be better than Q2. So, that’s sales but obviously with the higher investment in there. You can do the math on volume.
