Dave Marberger: No, I think you covered it. I think it’s also important to understand that the $215 million, that’s a real synergy number. So there is no – that’s going to hit the P&L and that’s going to be favorability that you will model. We feel – as Sean said, we feel very good about that, the ability to deliver that. As I mentioned in my comments, we believe 60% of that will come by the end of fiscal year ‘20 and then the rest will phase in. And I did quote cost to achieve which are really one-time costs and then some CapEx. So we feel really good about the synergy numbers and our ability to deliver them.
Dave Marberger: Yes, sure, Brian. It’s Dave. Let me take a shot at that. So yes, the main reason – we are not trying to hide anything. The reason we didn’t give EPS guidance for ‘19 is exactly that, because of the transaction and the impact that could have on interest expense and shares, right, given timing of the financing. But if you step back, the big thing I think today because some analysts have factored it in, some have not, is the pension accounting headwind. So, I think we have been very clear as to what the impact of that is and how that needs to be modeled now below the operating margin line. You are right you should assume no share repurchase now. According to our numbers, that doesn’t have a dramatic impact on EPS because of the way the weighted average share calculation works. And then interest expense, I mean I think probably the most prudent thing is to just model it as sort of the standalone business and then obviously when we know more about the timing and financing, then we can modify it from there. So I think if you factor those things in, you will be able to get kind of close to the consensus number. I don’t think you will have a problem. Let me just hit Q1 why I am on it. We did give guidance for Q1. We normally wouldn’t do that, but because of the timing of signing and the estimating closing by the end of the calendar year, we thought it would be prudent to give at least Q1 guidance. And from a sales perspective, it’s pretty consistent with how we finished Q4. We gave guidance on reported, but organic will be pretty consistent with where we were in the fourth quarter. You will notice that the operating margins are lower on a year-on-year basis and that is all timing of SG&A and some transition service income that we had in the prior year that we don’t have in this year. So, that’s just a wrapping on a one-time benefit there, but it’s really timing, because if you look at the full year and the operating margin guidance we give for the full year, you can see improvement. So, it’s a timing thing with SG&A for the first quarter. So hopefully, that gives you enough insight to get you there.
Dave Marberger: Yes, David, let me start with that. So, yes, we gave very specific guidance and insight at Investor Day on our supply chain operations that we talked about a realized productivity metric and we are on track with everything we laid out. Our realized productivity has been coming in at 3%, a little north of 3%. The thing that we did not call right back then, nobody called right, was inflation, right. We thought inflation was going to be in the low 2%. As I just quoted, we finished at 3.8% this year. So clearly, much more of a headwind than we anticipated at that time, but our productivity programs are tracking right on. In terms of Pinnacle, it’s better to wait till we close and have an Investor Day to get into more of that, but I think Pinnacle has clearly proven their ability to drive productivity and margin improvement. They have had really strong results in that area. And as Sean mentioned in his comments, it’s a strong culture of productivity and cost savings. On the CapEx, I did quote some incremental CapEx related to – in my cost-to-achieve number. So that’s a number that you can pickup in addition to our base CapEx numbers for each business.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Just so, Chris, on the synergy, the $215 million we put out there. So everything we reflect in our forecast, our accretion estimates of high single-digit by fiscal ‘22 reflects all the costs we need to incur to get there. I do want to remind everybody too, because companies do this differently. Our accretion estimates include amortization of intangibles, the estimated purchase accounting on this transaction. Lot of companies just quote cash EPS accretion. If we were to look at cash EPS accretion, we are double-digits. So we are quoting EPS accretion as a GAAP number that includes amortization estimates. I just want to make sure that’s clear, because sometimes it’s confusing.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Alexia. So that’s clearly our target. Right now, we are looking at a glide path assuming we would close by the end of the calendar year. By the end of fiscal ‘21, we should be pretty close to the 3.5x.
Dave Marberger: And just to add to what Sean says, with our information today, we are putting a lot out there and there is a lot of things like the pension reclassifications, our shift of A&P. Looking at that the wrong way, people could look at that as, oh, your operating margins are down or gross margin, you didn’t hit the 32%, when that’s not correct. But we tried in the materials to be very descriptive as to what we are doing here. So I think as people look at it and understand, wait a minute, actually, the core business is doing very strong. I just wonder if there is a little bit of confusion given all the changes that are taking place in our numbers, just another opinion.
Sean Connolly: Let me take that in reverse order. The capital loss carry-forward just so everybody is clear can only be used for preexisting ConAgra assets, so just so everybody has got that. On the other one, we don’t anticipate any antitrust issues. This transaction involves very complementary products, but in highly competitive sectors and it benefits our customers by making ConAgra an even more effective competitor. Now, we are going to be able to deliver more innovation and value to consumers, but we don’t anticipate any antitrust issues here.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Well, in terms of what we look for big, big picture when it comes to M&A, just think about what we are trying to do as a company. We are a lean company, but we are a company that’s focused on growth. And for 3 years, we have been reshaping the portfolio for better margins and better growth profile. So finding – we have been on the lookout for a while now for a larger, smart synergistic acquisition, but those opportunities tend to be fewer and farther between. And when they come up, it’s important to us that the asset has real legitimate growth potential and the Pinnacle team has done an absolutely phenomenal job driving innovation and growth here and that meant a lot to us. We also have been very clear around our success criteria all along and the announced deal today reflects both an open-minded seller and the ability to meet our criteria. So, it’s a great combination overall and we are looking forward to getting at it.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think the answer to the question is we expect that the long-term impact to our brands is positive. We view it as a positive change. For almost a year now, we have been outspoken about the marketing ROI improvement we believe we could get by moving some ineffective A&P marketing investments to retailer marketing investments. And accordingly, we have shifted some of our investments above net sales and it is clearly working. Our sales are up. Our promotion levels remain reduced and our pricing is ahead of our categories on average. And because we plan to maintain this marketing profile coupled with the pension accounting change, we needed to true up our algorithm, but fundamentally, nothing has changed. But I’d like to give you just a case study here, because I think your question is really about is this a lower quality marketing investment and is it ultimately going to hurt brand equities over time? The opposite is actually true, Rob. We are seeing very different marketing programs with customers today than when I started out in the industry and it was all high low trade. Look at Healthy Choice as an example. Healthy Choice is about a $400 million brand at retail. It had been declining for years. We have modernized the brand. We are investing with customers to make sure we get the right placement and get the product clearly in front of consumers when they are shopping. And in Q4 that $400 million business at retail grew its top line about 20%. So, that is unheard of to see a brand of that scale that’s been around that long that was that outdated, put up those kinds of trends. And I would say it’s a combination of both the below-the-line marketing spend and the above-the-line spend, but the total marketing spend has actually increased and it is far more effective and the investments we are making above the line are not in contrast to building brand equity. They actually enhance brand equity. The easy one to describe is when we make an investment with e-tailers as an example on search. Search is a bit of a pay-to-play game. But by paying to play, we are able to get the story of our brands in front of consumers so they understand the ingredients, they understand the founders, they understand all of that. That is good old-fashioned brand building and it is a far superior investment than buying a commercial on Home and Garden TV at 2:30 in the morning on the Thursday night. So overall, we feel excellent about the shift. It’s working. We plan to continue to do it and that’s why we are truing it up, so you guys can model it properly.
Sean Connolly: Rob, I am not going to speculate as to what the market is going to do in the course of a couple of hour window. What I can tell you is I have total confidence that by combining these two companies we will only accelerate the strong shareholder value creation track record that we have been delivering. There has been a lot of commentary about deals that perhaps don’t make sense to investors in recent days. These are two portfolios that fit perfectly together and in fact looking at it right now, I think it’s just an outstanding investment opportunity.
Sean Connolly: Yes, those two examples that you bring up are actually examples of excellent fits. We talk about our portfolio as spanning four consumer domains, frozen meals, snacks and sweet treats, condiments and enhancers and shelf-stable meals and sides, Duncan Hines, if you look at the fantastic innovation that’s come out of Pinnacle team on Duncan Hines in the last year or so, it’s really demonstrating that Duncan Hines operates well as a sweet treat, a convenient sweet treat and we think there is real innovation opportunity still ahead there and it fits squarely with what we do in sweet treats where we have great brands like Swiss Miss and Snack Packs. So, that’s very close to home for us. Within our center store grocery business, we do look at it two ways, condiments and enhancers and shelf-stable meals and sides, both of those businesses play important roles. But interestingly, when you look at millennial behavior in particular, they are very interested in condiments and enhancers as a simple way to add flavor, texture, moisture to food and obviously, the Wish-Bone business kind of is – it fits very close to home with what we do with brands like Hunt’s ketchup, Frontera salsa, things like that. So, it’s actually extremely close in. I struggle to find something in the Pinnacle portfolio that’s actually not close in when I look at it. These are categories that are very similar to the kinds of benefits that we bring to consumer households everyday.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Lubi, I think the big picture view on what we do as brand builders, is we look externally at what is working with the consumer and then we constantly or we should be refine our portfolio and modernize our brands, so that they are meeting emerging and current consumer trends, not yesterday’s trends. So, that means everything is always in a state of flux in terms of the way our brands present themselves to consumers and there maybe over the course of 10, 15 years, you may see certain segments improve their growth rates and certain slowing. You have to be agile and flexible and go with that. For us right now, as I have said many times, I see years and years and years of runway in frozen. Frozen is a big piece of real estate in the grocery store that just recently is beginning to undergo the kind of modernization that it needs. And I think there is a long way to go there. Also for us, we see a clear opportunity in snacks and sweet treats. We have a $2 billion snack business at retail. It plays in the four of the fastest growing snack sub-segments around and now we are going to be able to add some snacks assets to that mix with some of the Pinnacle snack brands. So, those are the two biggies. We see surgical opportunities in condiments and enhancers as we have talked previously, but I’d say, frozen and snacking are the two areas where we will continue to put the most momentum.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think we are really – again, we don’t anticipate any antitrust issues. When it comes to divestiture strategy more broadly, we have been on the record a long, long time saying that M&A is part of our strategy and we expect inbounds and as we reshape the portfolio, we expect some outbound things and we can do that very efficiently. With this announcement and the fact that the whole world basically knows we have a capital loss carry-forward tax asset, I think it’s plausible that somebody could inquire about an asset that they covet. And we have always been open-minded to that as evidenced by the actions we have taken on Spicetec, Swank, Del Monte, Wesson, etcetera and we will continue to be open-minded if it makes good strategic and financial sense.
