John Gehring: Yes. And probably, some imprecise wording on our part, but we would expect as I said in my comments we will have some modest benefits in fiscal ‘16. We will have a significant portion of the savings in ‘17. And by the time we get to the end of fiscal ‘18, we will be at our full run-rate of cost savings, so, really no difference – no change in our outlook from the previous call.
John Gehring: Yes. Andrew, I think your assessment of flat to down modestly, the way the math works is how we are looking at it right now. I would say we still expect to see good fundamentals across both of the operating segments. Commercial I think will continue to see good volume growth in margin expansion. In consumer, we expect to see continued strong gross margins. However, we also are reflected in that guidance. We also expect to continue to invest responsibly behind our brands and we will have some additional pressure from FX and higher incentives. So, I think the trends that we have seen in the strong segment performance will continue.
John Gehring: Yes, so really two separate line items there, David. The $300 million is our cost savings that we talked about a month or so ago. That is comprised of about $200 million of SG&A, about $100 million of trade efficiency. The $40 million I referenced was just the Consumer Foods supply chain, COGS efficiencies that we have achieved and I would say we certainly would look to perform at that level. I know we are going to challenge our business to make that even stronger over time, but that’s probably a decent model to work with.
John Gehring: It’s probably in the range in $0.01 or so, maybe $0.01 to $0.02 of benefit. I can’t get into the details in terms of looking forward. Clearly, the commodity markets have been favorable, I think almost across the board. However, as we look at there are some challenges from time to time in manufacturing and transportation particularly in terms of capacity and the transportation and warehousing area. But I think overall, we would expect inflation to be net-net a minor impact or benefit going forward for the balance of the year.
John Gehring: So, I am not going to go into details of our debt repayment plan, but certainly, depending on how we affect that debt repayment, there could be some premiums we pay to get – to repay some of the debt. We have not finalized all those plans. So, I can’t dimensionalize that for you. But what I can tell you is I am confident that whatever we do there, I think will be a pretty prudent use of the cash proceeds in a way that will benefit our balance sheet and then also balance that with reducing our interest cost over time.
John Gehring: Robert, this is John, if I can just clarify a piece of your question too. I think what Tom, and Sean are talking about are capabilities we have been working on and we are getting – we are seeing a really good traction. As I mentioned in my comments, as it relates to our cost savings initiatives both around SG&A and trade, we only expect to see a very modest impact from that this year, so certainly as we go forward we expect a much more significant contribution from that, which I think will enable us both to perhaps put some of that for the bottom line, but also make sure we are investing in the portfolio so that we have a sustainable model, so hopefully that clarifies that.
John Gehring: Yes. Tim, this is John. On the maybe two things, first of all there are retention payments that we are paying to people as we transition the business. Those are typically captured in our restructuring costs, so that would not be captured in my comment on incentives. The incentives increase is really just simply a function of our pay for performance programs. And unfortunately last year, we did not perform particularly well, which was reflected in lower incentives, particularly in the back half of the year. And as we go forward this year, our expectation is that we are going to perform better, which will lead to higher incentives.
John Gehring: Sure. We think it is incredibly strong brand. It’s in nearly one out of every two households. And the core of that brand is providing the family favored foods at a great value. So our fundamental positioning of the brand has not changed, but what’s improved is our overall execution and optimizing that. So what we are advertising is higher quality ingredients, more protein, higher quantity of food up to 25% more. And with that, we have combined that with the price increase to reflect the value and the benefits that we are delivering to the consumer, so same still great positioning a family favorite food at a great value. But we are investing in terms of the product quality and increasing the price commensurate with that.
John Gehring: More than likely, that will be the case because our – because of the timing of the close of the private brands we need to refinance that before we get the proceeds. So our objective is to be able to turn around and quickly repay that. So we are looking at short-term options there.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, it’s Sean here. If I can just build on that, clearly, the actions we are taking overall as a company right now are aimed at maximizing our value creation potential for the long-term. So, principally, the way I think about this is that the absence of D&A gives us some flexibility to make strategic investments for the long-term health of our portfolio. And importantly, that’s an approach that we will follow in the future fairly consistently where if things break our way, we will invest some of that favorability back in our business. And similarly, when things break against us, we won’t completely abandon brand building and innovation entirely. It’s all about maximizing long term profitability.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Ken, Sean here. When it comes to gross margin expansion, what we are really relying on our own actions and improvements in our own level of discipline, not windfall benefits from the market and from deflation, that’s not what this is all about. It is a multifaceted approach that we will continuously we take here in the quarters and years ahead to get our gross margins up. And a big piece of that is discipline around pricing trade efficiency, etcetera. But as we think about pricing, there are three pillars to our pricing actions. The first is what I will call inflation justified list price increases. The second is less deep discounting in terms of trade investments. And the third is brand quality upgrades like we did with Banquet this quarter. At any given time, we are pursuing some combination of these three and the goal is simple, which is to maximize brand strength and in doing so, maximize margins. Clearly, our efforts here are in early innings, but we feel very good about what we can do on the margin front and what we can do on the brand vitality front over time. With respect to your question on trade, we are a company that has historically, obviously lean too hard on trade and a lot of that was without a lot of discipline and we didn’t get a good return on that investment. That’s not in our customer’s best interest either to spend money with them that doesn’t generate top and bottom line sales. So when it comes to trade in $100 million we talk about, we talked about this before, but it’s not about cutting that $100 million, it’s about identifying where $100 million is not generating a return and then redeploying that. We might redeploy it in more efficient promotions. We might redeploy it in innovation, etcetera. At the end of the day, our customer wants to grow their top line and bottom line as much as we do. And if we cannot identify dollars that we are spending with them that are not working efficiently and make the more effective and more efficient, they are fully supportive.
Sean Connolly: And just Jonathan, it’s Sean here. One of the things – one of the places we are trying to get to is a place of more consistency for our shareholders so they can understand kind of the demand pull. And when historically we would drive these kind of artificial spikes of volume because of deep discount promotion, then you got to wrap it the following year, gets more costly every year, it’s just not a good way to run the business. It creates too much volatility. It eats away too much margin. That’s the opposite of what we are trying to get to, because obviously you take some time to kind of get off the drug so to speak and change your behavior, but I am really pleased with the progress Tom and his team are making here, because discipline goes a long way on this front.
Sean Connolly: Let me come back and tell you how I am thinking about frozen, Eric. I am going to turning it over to Tom Werner, so we can give you a little bit of perspective on the crop and on Lamb.
Sean Connolly: Yes. And just a few thoughts on frozen, Eric, because this comes up every quarter and I think what’s fascinating to me about frozen is you really need to peel back the onion and look very specifically category by category and then within category to see what’s going on, because you are going to see completely different trend lines in different parts of the business. I think the first big picture point on frozen is the consumer need state for frozen food is absolutely undeniable. If you look at income levels in this country, cash flows in this country and the perishability associated with fresh foods and the fact that people have need states most often during the week and frankly it’s the majority of occasions where they are eating by themselves off major kind of breakfast, lunch and dinner hours. The ability to have frozen food that stays ready when you are on hand is absolutely undeniable. What’s fascinating about when you peel back the onion and look at it is far and away the largest piece of the weakness within the frozen section is stuff that I will describe as diet foods. Brands that have historically had trademarks and positioning that were associated with weight loss. And they wore that weight loss diet positioning on their sleeve. Those are the products that disproportionately have struggled and have struggled for some time. I think companies are refocusing on quality and they are refocusing on what the definition of wellness means and for kind of a whole new generation, including us. So, if you look at our Healthy Choice franchise as an example, it’s kind of a mixed bag. We have got in the last few years a major thrust away from the old what I will call kind of ice cube tray type of frozen dinners that have been around forever and into a much more innovative product that we brand as Café Steamers. So, we have actually migrated away from the historic Healthy Choice positioning, focused more on Café Steamers, more on fresh. And then in this fiscal year so far, we built on that by launching the Café Steamers Simply line, which is all about clean label, low carb, much more contemporary. And these kinds of offerings are not only getting disproportionate customer support in terms of real state, because customers are dying for growth in frozen, but their velocities are significantly better and their margins are better. So, there is going to be a migration that takes place here and we want to participate in that and that’s why we think innovation is going to be central to getting the frozen section operating to its full potential.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Let me tackle that, Alexia. What I have said in previous quarters I think remains absolutely true, which is this is in the macro we are reshaping this portfolio and it’s going to happen organically and it will happen inorganically. On the inorganic side, frankly, including the organic side, the places where we have got to bolster up our portfolio is more along the lines of clean label, natural, organic, more along the lines of premium gourmet. That will be both organic and inorganic. You already see stuff like that going on. Organically, you see things like Blake’s coming into the portfolio. So, we will be looking for those things. They tend to be faster growing. They tend to be margin accretive. The key is you got to be disciplined in your pursuit of that. So, we are very clear eyed on the strategy. We will be equally clear eyed on the economics of these deals. And with respect to small, medium or large, I won’t speculate on small, medium or large other than to say we got plenty on our plate right now organically. So, we are going to continue to look inorganically, but it’s not as if that’s a pressing need to do something of significant magnitude there. And as you think about divestitures, it takes me to this tax asset, these capital loss carry-forwards that we have gotten, just to give our investors a sense of how I think about that big picture because it really comes back to your question around how I think about divestitures. We – big picture, we are reshaping this portfolio, we are reshaping it to be more contemporary, higher margin, higher performing and more consistent. And that will happen over time through a series of organic and inorganic actions. And clearly the tax asset is one of those tools that we can leverage in this reshaping process, so there could be divestitures at some point. I won’t speculate on when that could happen, I will just say we will do what makes sense for the long-term value creation potential of the company. But the tax asset is not going to drive the company strategy, what maximizes value long-term will.
Sean Connolly: No, it is not complete Chris, with respect to segmentation or innovation. There is some good stuff underway, but frankly we still have a much larger opportunity in front of us. Darren Serrao, as you may know is only three months into his stint and as Chief Growth Officer. And he and Tom are working closely together to evolve our portfolio segmentation approach to the next level from what we have been using in the recent past. So this work will inform what areas we will prioritize going forward and also where we will scale back. And the point here is that we will be very deliberate in how we deploy our resources for maximum return. But on the whole top line side of our equation is earlier days than what we have been doing on costs as an example.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I can’t tell you with great precision, but I would say later in the spring is what we would be targeting. And again, we will be looking at a number of variables there on that timing, not the least of which is where we need to do to get, how much time do we need to get the work done, but also what’s the best timing there relative to when we think we will be going live, etcetera, but I would say late spring is probably a good place to take it.
Sean Connolly: Ken I will attempt to answer that. Tom, if I miss something here, chime in, but you don’t tend to see a huge private label presence in categories where you have a large nearly $1 billion well-established kind of value player like a Banquet. So, Banquet has effectively played that role. And furthermore, frozen entrées in general, you don’t see a large private label presence. So, I am not overly concerned about that piece at all. It will still be a value, but the value proposition has changed. Frankly, when we talk to Banquet loyalists, some of them clearly say, hey, if you give me better quality, if you give me a little larger portion, if you give me more protein, I am happy to pay for it. That looks like value to me as opposed to just being caught on price. By the same token, there are other consumers in there who over time have been positioned and trained to just buy on deep discount, but we don’t value that consumer purchase the same way we value the other consumer purchase and we are getting more discerning around where we are going to – whose volume we are going to chase. That’s part of the concern. But I would say net-net I am not particularly worried about that scenario at all.
Tom McGough: Sure, Matthew. This is Tom McGough. Let me build off the comments that Sean highlighted. In terms of – I think we have talked about pretty consistently about making sure that each of our businesses is right on the four piece, improving the fundamental, being perfect at retail. If you look at a business like P.F. Chang’s this time last year when we reinstates that business in terms of product quality, product range and the business has grown very nicely. So our approach is one looking at our businesses and assessing the performance against those dimensions and Banquet is a move that we are making this year. We are combining our pricing increase with the significant increase in the product quality. This is a brand that has nearly 50% household penetration. It’s a relatively high purchase frequency business. We don’t expect all those customers or consumers to come with us with a higher price, but we are investing in the business to advertise the new benefits and features that we have added to the product. And over time, we believe that that’s the right long-term approach to strengthen the fundamentals on the business. In terms of trade productivity, as Sean said this is not a take away. This is about how are we more effective. And our experience has been that customers want to have higher impact, higher ROI and that’s our focus. So it’s part of our new discipline that we have across our company, getting the fundamentals right and looking at how we invest our resources for the highest impact of return both for ourselves and our customers.
Tom McGough: So, our scanner performance is only a – it’s a significant portion, but only a portion of our overall results. There are non-measured channels, in particular club dollar that our portfolio is well positioned against. In terms of retailer inventories, we actually come in the industry see a trend among retailers to be more efficient. So, there is no real significant changes in any type of retail inventory. So as I look at the second half, we are going to continue to take a very strategic and disciplined approach to building a stronger and healthier volume base and our second half volumes likely to be down slightly as we continue to focus on eliminating that non-investment grade volume that John spoke about.
Tom McGough: Sure. Once again, this is Tom McGough. Let me just set the context of the overall sales performance. As both John and Sean talked about, our sales performance was largely defined by Banquet and FX. In terms of the balance of the portfolio, we feel really good that we have improved our overall competitive effectiveness. While there is puts and takes across the balance of the portfolio, in aggregate we grew sales and share across the rest of our business and that’s a multi-dimensional. It is increasing investments behind consistent high-performing brands like Marie Callender, Slim Jim and Reddi-wip. They also contribute to a significant mix improvement. We are taking inflation justified pricing. Most of that is rollover pricing from earlier in the year and we continue to work brand by brand to optimize the four piece. Part of that is looking at the trade promotion effectiveness. And another component is the SKU optimization where we have actually seen as we have eliminated SKUs, our velocities increase and the strength of our business is stronger. As you mentioned there are some near-term headwinds, particularly we see a slow start to the winter season. Our focus however, is really focused on what can we control and what we can control is our competitive effectiveness. And for the vast majority of our portfolio, we grew sales and share during the quarter.
Tom McGough: This is Tom again. Across our customer base, our customers are each refining their strategies and tactics to improve their overall competitiveness. We are fully engaged with each of our customers to better align our initiatives, our strategies, our tactics with their go-to-market. I think that’s the new reality that we are going to face. And in that, what I feel good about is that we are increasing our overall share in the large portion of our portfolio. We seem to have a business that’s driven more by consumer poll than customer push. So, those are just the dynamics that are happening within our business. We are taking a very disciplined approach to our investments and always trying to figure out the best way that our program is aligned with our customer’s interest so that we mutually grow our businesses.
Tom McGough: I would make within our industry, it’s a relatively modest growth industry, and it is one about improving the operational efficiencies of the business. And those are the activities that we are focused on. We think they are the best interest of our brands, and ultimately, it’s where our customers are going as well.
Tom McGough: Sure. Robert, this is Tom McGough. I think what’s materially different is that we have taken a more holistic approach to how we build margins. Certainly, we have had a strong track record of supply chain productivity. What we have added to that is a discipline and the capabilities that Sean have highlighted. It begins with portfolio segmentation where we invest is having a material impact not only on our sales performance, but also our margin performance. You see that on brands like Marie Callender, Reddi-wip, Slim Jim. The second piece is around what Sean highlighted earlier, around pricing, that’s multi-dimensional. It’s being able to be timely and disciplined and effective when there is commodity base inflation. We are a company that in the past had a very strong push mentality to our approach. Our approach on trade promotion is to deliver higher ROI, higher impact promotions. And in the near-term, this would trade-off between the efficiency and effectiveness of that. And then the third is taking a holistic look at a brand like we have – we have talked about many of those, P.F. Chang’s but Banquet. It’s about building margins through product quality upgrades, being able to command the price premium for that, so it’s a more holistic approach. There are new capabilities that we will be adding in terms of integrated margin management. Even more discipline in portfolio segmentation. I think what Sean highlighted is over time, we would expect our margins to grow and that I think is materially different than Consumer Foods over the last 5 years to 7 years.
Tom McGough: Sure. Overall – this is Tom McGough again. We believe in investing in brands, but we have to do it in a very effective – very disciplined way. It starts with the portfolio segmentation and that is the start in terms of where our best opportunities are. And to that, we hold a standard for each brand to be A&P ready. So what we look at is we have concentrated our spending on those brands that have the best category position, have the best fundamentals and strong margin profile. So our resources, what I am trying to communicate are very surgical, very focused and we are seeing very strong end market results. Earlier, there was a talk about the frozen category Marie Callender continues to grow in a challenged category, strong single-digits in growth. That’s indicative of the discipline and approach that we have in terms of A&P. Would you get more brands A&P ready, over time as we get those brands ready, we will increase our investments.
