Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Happy holidays, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Gary M. Rodkin: Andrew, also, I just want to let everybody know my voice sounds a bit like a frog, it's because I've got a cold. So I'm glad that you're not here for me to spread it to you. But it really was a little bit of a pull forward. All it was, was we got it at the very end of Q2, instead of the very beginning of Q3, so that's about the extent of it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you on that, we will start to see that improve, and we'll -- and we believe that we'll see the consumption and the shipments pretty much merge over the second half.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, absolutely. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Paul Maass for a little bit more color. Again, Bryan, we remain very confident in the strategy. Value is here to stay, and Private Brands will most certainly be a long-term growth factor in the industry. We can -- we really continue to see good traction on cost synergies. And as you mentioned, innovation initiatives with some major customers, that will take some time to cycle in, but real good progress there. And I'd also say our new Private Brands organization is really just getting grounded. Now you do know, as you referenced, there were some issues from Ralcorp's own restructuring that are taking a bit longer to get fixed. I'd say 2 key buckets to mention: customer service levels and pricing. Several of the Ralcorp plant consolidation projects that were underway prior to our ownership had some, I'd say, planning and execution gaps, and they've taken longer to get on track than expected but we're now making progress. And on the pricing architecture, that cost us -- cost the business some bps before our ownership and during the early transition months. But fortunately, most of these issues are now finally behind us. It does take some time, as I said, to affect performance change in a market. But net-net, we're probably about 6 months behind where we had hoped to be but just as positive and enthusiastic.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Jonathan, I'd say we are now feeling pretty good. We have the sales organization, the sales teams in place. We now have 6 distinct business units for more focus, and they each have general managers from old -- or I should say from legacy ConAgra, from Ralcorp and several from the outside. So that structure has now been in place for several months. Leadership is really important here. We've got that in place, and it's just going to take a little bit of time to start to affect the change in the marketplace. As Paul referenced, this business is very granular customer-by-customer, category-by-category, but we're in a much better place than we were a few months ago.
Gary M. Rodkin: We planned for Thanksgiving, when Thanksgiving was going to land. Thilo, as we said, we got some of the merchandising for the holidays a bit earlier than we had expected, and that's why we had a bit of a shift from early Q3 into Q2. But I would say that's about the extent of it.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And, David, I think you'll see a little gap between pricing and volume. And that's really because of some of the very commodity-oriented products, like Wesson oil or Peter Pan Peanut Butter, where the commodities have come down and the pricing has come down. And you've seen that from some other companies. So there may be a little bit of a gap there, but Tom is really referencing the volume.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, I'd say that it's basically just the way that we've divvied up the portfolio between the Ralcorp businesses and the legacy ConAgra Foods businesses, just to make sure that we have enough focus on each category. So for instance, there's a cereal category and there's a category for condiments, and there's 6 like that. So there's nothing else to take from that other than that we wanted to make sure we had enough focus on each one of those categories because it's a broad portfolio.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I'll take the second one first, Alexia. On trans fats, we've eliminated most of that from our portfolio over the last, I don't know, 5 or 6 years. There, clearly, are still some products that have some level of trans fats. It's really going to come down to exactly what the regulations dictate, but we're continuing to work on that. And I would say it is not a material issue for us. And then -- and we, obviously, also have to do that on Private Brands as well. The question on categories, clearly, we've got a big, broad portfolio. Some are more challenged than others. You hit on one that is more challenged, and I would say we're not expecting big growth from canned pasta. That's just not realistic. But there are other categories, many other categories, that we plan where we will deploy resources in a bigger way. Clearly, there's tailwinds in a category like snacks, where we're quite big, particularly now with Ralcorp, with cookies, crackers, nuts, et cetera. So we've got somewhat of a mixed bag across our big, broad portfolio, and that's how we're going to allocate our resources.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And again, Robert, I would just say it is really the value of our total portfolio. And we have to shift the resources to where we can drive business. Tom alluded to the pot pie, that's a great example. We have to fish where the fish are, and we're going to continue to adjust in that fashion.
Gary M. Rodkin: And on Ralcorp, I would tell you that I wish that I saw more immediate impact on the top line performance. But I have to tell you, I'm trying to be more patient because we've only had our new general managers and sales teams in place for a few months. They are digging out of a hole. They are building new relationships with customers. And I can see them making progress every day. And you know a big transformation like this is really hard work. The important thing is to see that progress every day. So I am very confident we're going to start to turn the corner in the next 4 to 6 months because the strategy is sound and the execution is catching up.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. The economy is still very tough for the vast majority of Americans, this whole Wall Street, Main Street gap. And any reduction in SNAP is going to make it tougher for a lot of families that are struggling. And we have been very proactive in working with retailers to help them adjust to their -- to these new shopping patterns, given the SNAP issue. And we believe, importantly, that our portfolio delivers the best overall value in the industry. So yes, it is clearly an issue. We think we're being very proactive to tackle it.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measure for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document or on our website. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: And this is Chris. I'm sorry, I'll build and just say that, although we won't get into firm numbers, we were originally planning for Consumer Foods volumes to be down slightly, low single-digit rate, coming in flat, and that difference is attributable to all the things that Gary talked about in his remarks.
Chris Klinefelter: All right. This is Chris. I'll build on John's remarks and just say that keep in mind, as John indicated in his prepared remarks, that these synergies aren't necessarily going to fall to just one segment. So that's another reason that's complicating it right now. So we'll be getting back to you with more details later.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web, as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Happy holidays, and thank you for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Andrew, I'm not sure -- in terms of exactly how much, I'm not sure we can really break it down that way. Clearly, there was some shift between Q3 and Q2, but I'm not sure we can cite a specific number. I would say that there is a portion that's a shift, and there is a portion that probably creates a little bit of tailwind to offset some of the issues later in the year.
John F. Gehring: Yes, let me try to take a shot at that, Andrew. I think the key is, certainly, as we get into FY '15 and we lay out the year and our plans for the year, I think, given the fact that, at that point, we'll have solid prior year reference points, we'll be able to lay out the various components of the earnings growth, I think by segment, as we put that plan together. Admittedly, it is a little challenging. It's even a little bit challenging internally without the prior year lapse over the next couple of quarters. So I think one of the things you'll have to rely on is some of our estimates on the synergies that are flowing through. And certainly, I think as we get to CAGNY, I think that will be another opportunity for us to provide a little more color on some of the drivers of the business and, certainly, how we're doing on the synergies and the sources of those.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Jonathan, this is John Gehring. Our plan at this point is we will use those proceeds to accelerate our debt repayment.
John F. Gehring: I'd say a little bit of both, Jason. I think, certainly, some of the restructuring, as we look at network and distribution, the network optimization, I do think some of that is going to support our ability to continue to deliver good results there. Certainly, we're always looking, as part of that, to see if we can add some extra fuel to that fire, if you will. But I think the other element that we're taking a real hard look at and working on as we speak is, given the size of the organization, what can we do, from an administrative cost efficiency and effectiveness standpoint, to further leverage the size of the organization and the scale of the organization to be more efficient on that end of things too. So I'd say it's both manufacturing and distribution network optimization, some of which is needed to sustain the pipeline and, perhaps, improve it. The other piece would be the administrative effectiveness.
John F. Gehring: Yes. So, Jason, we've talked about $50 million of cost savings in the Consumer segment this year, and we...
John F. Gehring: I'm sorry, this quarter, $50 million this quarter. We expect $200 million of cost savings to fall into the Consumer Foods -- the new Consumer Foods segment this whole year. And as I mentioned, there will be about $30 million of additional cost savings that will be reflected in the other segments because of the moves of some of the businesses where those benefits fall.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Akshay, I don't think we're positioned today to talk about earnings growth by segments. What I would -- as we certainly get into next year, we'll provide more discussion about that, and we'll talk about our algorithm more at CAGNY. What I would offer, if you just stand back, we've got a lot of confidence that our base business, as it exists today, can deliver reasonable operating profit growth, call it, in the mid-single digits. And then when you look at the opportunity we have from the synergy opportunities ahead of us, that's really what's going to take you from what would be a normalized maybe mid-single digits up into that 10% range. And again, unfortunately, at this time, we're not prepared to talk segment-by-segment.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, let me take that. This is John. I think there are a number of variables in the dilution calculations, the Ardent Mills transaction. Timing is one of them. We continue to monitor those various variables. I'd say that the shift in timing has had a minor impact. But at this point, I would say that $0.03 of dilution is still the best estimate of what the impact is going to be this year.
John F. Gehring: And just a mechanical clarification, just so everybody's clear, to recall, as we move the segments around, there's a portion of the Ralcorp Frozen Bakery products legacy segment that is in our Commercial segment because it's a foodservice business. And then there are some international sales that are now sitting in our new Consumer Foods segment. So you've got -- the sum of the pieces have moved around across all the segments. But in terms of the focus on the 6 within Private Brands, that's -- Gary's answer covers that.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I think that's a pretty fair characterization. Most of them will be there. And to your earlier point, we talked about -- at the outset of this year, within the legacy Consumer Foods segment, we talked about $230 million of cost savings. We feel like we're tracking on that number, but about $200 million will show up in the new Consumer Foods segment, and the other $30 million will follow the businesses that went into Private Brands or to our Commercial business.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And, Chris, on that point of your question, specifically, certainly as we revised the number down to $4 billion a couple of months ago, it's because we're starting to see some of these -- some of the timing issues, and the challenge to turn this around. But as we sit here today and we look across all 3 of our segments, where the Ralcorp -- legacy Ralcorp sales will fall, we think $4 billion is still a pretty good estimate of the total sales of the legacy business. So I think we're still on track there.
Thomas M. McGough: David, this is Tom McGough, and let me answer that in 2 parts. First, generally about our entire portfolio. During Q2, our consumption performance improved as the quarter progressed. We had a very good Thanksgiving period, and our consumption grew over the last month. What we're really pleased about is that we executed our merchandising programs that we talked about in Q1 in a very disciplined way. Our price/mix was flat, and we held our gross margin for the quarter. As you noted, given the breadth of our portfolio, we look at our performance in a couple different segments. Businesses like Hunt's and Ro*Tel Tomatoes, Reddi-wip, portions of the Marie Callender and Banquet business, particularly in our pot pies, and Slim Jim, these are businesses that continue to grow and continue to build share. We're investing to grow on these businesses. Our consumer and customer programs are delivering very good results, and we would anticipate that we would sustain that level of performance going forward. The brands like Banquet, Hebrew National, Wesson, Peter Pan, we've tactically adjusted our merchandising programs based on the category and customer -- or competitive dynamics. We're holding and, in some instance, building share there, and we're very pleased with the performance. But there are some brands and categories that are particularly challenging. We've talked about Chef Boyardee, Healthy Choice, microwave popcorn. We're making progress on getting the fundamentals right on those businesses, but it's going to take time to see the impact. And we anticipate continued weaknesses in those areas. But as I started, overall, we're pleased with the disciplined approach that we've taken to pricing and merchandising, and we're pleased with the performance where we're investing the most resources.
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, it is. We are making tactical adjustments. We believe we're striking the right balance, as indicated by our price/mix.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure. This is Tom. In Chef Boyardee, we lead in the canned pasta, but we really compete in a much broader competitive set with many other quick, easy-to-prepare meals. The reality is, when you look at that broader competitive set, we see much stronger competitive activity across the board. As you mentioned, this is a brand that's been very successful with multiple price -- multiple purchase promotions. From a consumer standpoint, there are fewer of those traditional stock-up trips as consumers are shopping more toward their immediate consumption. And as a result, the sell-through on our promotions had been less than what we've seen historically. And I think that's generally happening in many categories, not just Chef Boyardee. Without disclosing too much information from a competitive standpoint, we are retooling our go-to-market approach, both in terms of our marketing and merchandising. We're making very good progress on that. But it will take time to have market impact. It will have time to take market impact on that business.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, David. This is Tom McGough. What I was referencing is our consumption -- our most recent consumption performance over the last 4 to 6 weeks. We certainly have a view of the entire holiday season, including the shift in Thanksgiving. Our consumption grew over that period of time. That was indicative of very strong holiday promotions on businesses like Reddi-wip, Marie Callender pies, but also incremental merchandising programs that we've secured at key customers in key categories. The Banquet frozen meals, for example, is growing very nicely. We're seeing the same on Marie Callender. We anticipate that many of the merchandising changes that we made began to have their most impact beginning in November, and we continue to see -- we anticipate we're going to continue to see the results of that in the upcoming quarter.
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, so that's a very good point. And I'll just close by saying we're taking a very disciplined, surgical approach. We see that in our price/mix, our margin performance. We believe we're striking the right balance in that equation.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, Robert. When you talk about our portfolio, it is a broad portfolio, and we like to assess the performance based on -- we like to segment the performance. We see very good sales growth, share growth in many of our categories where we continue to invest. Hunt's and Ro*Tel Tomatoes is one that I highlighted, Reddi-wip. This is where we've got a great consumer message. We're investing in A&P. We're getting great retailer support. That's converting into organic share and volume growth. But the challenge that you highlighted around the value consumer is indicative of the change in that stock-up trip, we're looking at different ways to satisfy that consumer. And one, in particular, is pot pies. It's a tremendous value, and we're seeing very, very strong merchandising support, customer engagement in that category in growth. So in general, it's a tough economic environment for consumers. But clearly, there are areas that we are growing.
Thomas M. McGough: Sure, let me start -- this is Tom. Let me start with the first question. Our execution in Q2 is what we would expect in Q3 and Q4 in terms of maintaining a strong discipline, in terms of our spending, we want to be very surgical and tactical and execute in a very disciplined way. I don't see a material change in our approach for the balance of the year. I would anticipate something very similar to what we just achieved.
