Gary Rodkin: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I am Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, that -- clearly a good question, clear point given this year and I completely understand where that's coming from. But keep in mind, this year was highly unusual. I believe that fiscal 2014 really isn't about our portfolio, it's truly about our execution. We do have, I believe a portfolio that can and will deliver sustainable profitable growth, and generate strong cash flow. Our portfolio has some strong categories, like Private Brands. We have got good opportunities in channels like Club, Dollar and C-Store, and we have got some real strong growing geographies, particularly on Lamb Weston international. So we are happy with the breadth and the reach of our portfolio. But what we need to do now, now that the turbulence of F‘14 is behind us, now that we are in the implementation phase of our company-wide effectiveness and efficiency initiative is to execute. Our focus in fiscal 2015 is on execution, and we believe that mid-single digit growth in fiscal 2015 as we stabilize and then high single digit growth in F ‘16 and beyond plus continue to pay good dividend should make for pretty good shareholder returns.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, David, fair question, totally understandable and as concerned you are on the Orville Redenbacher performance, it doesn't come close to how frustrated I am with that performance. We need to do better there, and we have a lot of efforts in place to tackle exactly what you are talking about. Now to segue into your other question and what Andrew touched on as well, let me just say, that we are pragmatic. You have seen me demonstrate that in my 8.5 years here with significant transactions and just last week, we closed on the Ardent Mills JV, so we are still believing in our portfolio. We believe that the things we are doing will improve the performance. But we will always look through the lens of creating long term shareholder value.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah Ken. I clearly understand where you're coming from on that. That is totally us. And it's not to say that they don't have a little bit to do with each other, because velocity is what really counts, that shelf space is valuable. But this is something we have been very proactively tackling over the last 12 months or so, because we do have a very strong piece of that business or sub-line of Cafe Steamers continues to grow very strongly, because it's extremely different in the marketplace, and that continues to grow. So we are very consciously culling other sub-lines and slow moving SKUs to give more prominence and more focus to the Cafe Steamers line, and that has been a very big portion of why the volume is down, once we reach the kind of shelf placement that we want, I think we will start to see better performance in Healthy Choice.
Gary Rodkin: And I would tell you Jonathan that, a lot of it has to do with the customer interface, and we frankly have done some course correcting very recently in this effectiveness of efficiency work, to make sure that we have got deeper product knowledge on the front line. That's something that I think we tried to go a bit too broad in the first iteration, and now we are narrowing that product focus now, because we have realized just how important it is to really have the expertise at the buyer level, the front line buyer level. So that is a pretty significant change that we have very recently implemented.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. That's a very thoughtful set of questions there, as I would always expect from you. On the first one, in any major acquisition, you are going to stretcher organization, so clearly that has happened. But in recognizing as we have gone through fighting so many fires, more than we anticipated, that really was the basis for this effectiveness of the efficiency work, which has really given us a very granular look at all of our processes, all of our structures. We have been extremely granular on that, and have really worked to have the effectiveness drive the efficiency. So we talk about the savings side of that initiative, but even more important is the effectiveness side of it. Culminating in better resource allocation, faster decision making, more customer responsiveness etcetera. So we clearly have -- are in process of making some pretty significant structural changes, to ensure that we can manage through. Now we are past so much of the fire. It was brutal, to be honest, on the organization in the past year. But I would say that, we are well beyond that. So that's really where I think we are at.
Gary Rodkin: And Jason, just to put a marker on that, we expect to be about flat to slightly down for the year. So we are not looking for bigger roll-ups, but we are looking for that improvement Tom talked about.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah Eric, clearly good question. We have built into our guidance, realistic growth expectations, and we do segment our businesses, and as we see rationale for moving things into more of a managed-for-cash mode, which we do in a number of our businesses, they move in there. So I would tell you that the fixes that we have in place on those three problem brands, really are pretty tactical right now, and they really have to prove their mettle with a very high bar to go get any kind of significant marketing investment from this point forward. So that's may be a slightly different way of saying, we are looking at things a bit like you're suggesting.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah, David I would tell you that, we have really been back on our heels this year. So there is no getting around that. We have had to be very reactive in putting out fires and trying to basically maintain our customer relationships. That's pretty much behind us. We put a lot of effort into fixing that, and then a lot of investment into maintaining that business with the price concessions. So we really haven't had the ability in any kind of a big way to take advantage of what we talk about as the one plus one equals three. We do have some specific customer examples where that has worked in combining the two, and that gives us conviction that once we can be much more proactive and have the confidence of our customers, that we will be able to start leveraging those capabilities. But we really haven't seen that, because we haven't been able to focus the energy on that yet. Part of my confidence on our future and private brands, interaction with the customers and the combined strength of having the branded -- and private branded businesses together in those strategic discussions on things we can do, from a strategic partnership.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we’re making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that can influence and affect our business perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our web site. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris, the mid-single digit rate of growth that we are signing up for next year, includes dilution from Ardent.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in today's news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Paul Maass: Yeah just, integration itself was challenging; and when you have a situation where your customers are really motivated to change suppliers, because we are letting them down on service and execution issues. You got to really pull the price lever to maintain the volumes. The good news is, we are in a much more stable position. We have fixed service issues and execution issues. Better than me, we don't have a continuous improvement mindset to always look for better ways to run the business and improve. But we are much more stable, and we will drive margin improvement and top line growth here as we go forward.
Paul Maass: Yeah, we reacted to the reorganization that was done right when we acquired Ralcorp, like it would be beneficial to have decision making, like you said, close to the customer; created six business units with general managers that are running each of those. Yes, disappointed in our fourth quarter results, but have confidence in the structure and the leadership team we have to improve the business and the results going forward, with a really intensified focus on expanding margins.
Paul Maass: This is Paul. I will just hit on a couple of different things. From a top line perspective, confidence and modest growth, as we go through 2015, distribution gains, improved mix and gaining new profitable incremental business because we are in a much better position from a stable executing environment. What will help drive earnings growth is on the operational side, and Gary had mentioned in his script, the network optimization and some plant closures, the changes in our distribution network. These are really good projects, its really about taking one step back to take two steps forward. There are increased expenses in the short term, benefit us and position us to win long term, and we are accelerating that. Those are good products and -- projects and I could see the benefits on the long haul, and that's where -- we will push them through as fast as we can.
