Sean Connolly: As I've said on these calls many times before, navigating these inflation cycles is pretty mechanical. You get hit with inflation, you take price, you don't reflect it right away, and therefore, you experience a lag, which compresses margins, but then pricing catches up and margins recover as you saw us start to do really materially in Q2. Then when you wrap these actions, dollar growth comes down and unit performance improves, both because elasticities wane and because you wrap the unit impact. So that stuff is all mechanical, and it's all predictable. I think what you're getting at is the big question then becomes what comes next. And the goal is obviously sustained growth. And the debate that you're poking at here is, well, what will the tactic be? And to me, that answer is crystal clear, especially for us, simply by looking at how we have pursued growth since I have been with Conagra. The answer in a word is innovation. Just look at our frozen performance it was 100% about innovation, premiumization, but ironically, also value over volume philosophy around actually eliminating low-quality promotion. So the question then becomes, why would Conagra suddenly or anybody else for that matter, suddenly believe that the opposite approach is now a smart growth strategy? That doesn't make a lot of sense to me. As far as, as Q4 goes, first, listen, as I said in my opening remarks, I feel very good about where we sit and our plan is working. Our margin recovery is in place, our elasticities remain benign and consistent, supply chain is improving, innovation is hitting the market, top line trends are improving. So in terms of the implied Q4 guide, we think it's prudent. Supply chain is improving but it's not all the way back, and our position all year has been to plan conservatively in this regard. And as far as unit volume goes, I think we gave you a lot of color on that already. But for those that are more inclined to focus on short-term trends, our eight-year unit CAGR in the most recent four-week period scanner data, which is ending 3 25 was right smack in the middle of our peer set and at levels that are entirely predictable as our muted elasticities kind of show you. So to be above that, either elasticities would have to be nonexistent or you would have to be shipping ahead of consumption. And the former is unrealistic, and the latter is not part of our playbook.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I'd say is we were deliberate in stating off the fact that our top priority this year was on gross margin recovery. And it kind of comes back to Andrew's point, why is that so important? Because gross margins fund our innovation program and our innovation program is how we drive high-quality sustained growth that can be margin accretive over time. This all hangs together. It's a simple concept. So if you think about what we try to do around here as a company and our playbook, it's all about perpetually improving our growth rates and improving our margins. And we do that in a variety of ways from the mix of our portfolio to our value over volume strategy to our relentless approach to innovation. That's what it's all about. So, we're not giving long-term gross margin guidance from here, but I would just say what we've always said, which is philosophically, our game plan is to drive a northward trajectory on sales and gross margins into the future.
Sean Connolly: Sure, Nik. Let's talk SNAP first. So out of the 50 states, we've got 18 rolled off of these -- they've sunset these emergency allotments previously and then you got 32 that just rolled off recently. So what do we know so far? What we know is that what we saw in terms of impact to our portfolio from the '18 was no material impact. And we've been tracking that for some time. I've mentioned this on calls before and we just not have not seen any material impact there. And I will give you, as I did last quarter, one perspective on why I think that's the case for our portfolio is we already do have really great value offerings within the Conagra portfolio. So if you've got more limited SNAP allotments it would seem logical to me that you would use them on the things that are inherently harder to afford. And our products are inherently easier to afford and that may explain why we've seen such modest impact. But you've got 32 states that have just recently come off. It's just -- it's brand-new data. We're going to -- we monitor this over an 8-, 10-week period, so we can see if there's any movement there, and we will do just that. But based on what we've seen in the '18 thus far, I just don't have a good rationale for saying that, that would be any different of a result. With respect to digital, I would say you used the word promotion. I think what we do is digital marketing. I mean we do literally do some digital promotion with our customers, where they shop online, things like that. And we invest in search to make sure people find our products. But a lot of what we do to drive buzz on our brands is what I talked about at CAGNY, which is really finding real people who use our brands to tell their story of how our brands fit in their life in their own words very authentically. We call those people irrefutable advocates. They live on TikTok, in Insta, things like that, and they -- we build relationships with them, and they tell our story. And -- it's incredibly efficient, which is why you see our A&P line look lighter than you see in companies that use traditional tools because it's far more efficient than traditional in-line media, which is not only expensive, but it's heavily ineffective. So we've done that. I just saw some new stuff for my team yesterday that's coming on a couple of our brands that I'm very excited about. And we're just going to continue -- this is an evolution in terms of this digital marketing and the irrefutable advocates. We love it. We think it works for us, and we're going to continue to drive it hard.
Sean Connolly: We're -- frankly, we're there on some categories right now. So we gave you the north of 90% number, but this is a pretty vast portfolio, as you know. And so the way you should interpret that is that, that 90-ish number at the portfolio level has embedded in it in some categories and brands that are already back to which is best-in-class where we've already been. Equally, we have had manufacturing disruptions that we talked about quite a bit today that we're still on allocation or we're still replenishing stock on the shelf, and we have to do that before it's even in a scan. So you put those all together and you get that low 90 service level, the transitory stuff with the manufacturing disruptions we've got it contained, we're ramping it up. And so that average that we quoted today should improve from here. Dave, do you want to...
Sean Connolly: Well, what I'm really getting at there is relative to Q3. I mean, we -- as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we had -- there's a lot of noise in the year-on-year quarterly data in Q3, both for us and peers. And we had some of the supply chain things hit us in Q3. So as we wrap some -- get past some of the unusual comps. We had some strong comps on big businesses in Q3. We move into Q4. The profile of the comps change on some of our big businesses, plus you'll see we get back in stock on some of these canned categories where we've had canned fish, where we've had some limited ability supply and those conspire to show improving consumption trends. So I referenced the four-week Nielsen's ending 3 25. Today, our units and our dollars, you've seen improvements, and that's a four-week number, right? So the fact that the staggering four-week numbers that come out every two weeks improve, are kind of showing you embedded in that is weekly data that is improving week after week after week. And that's really what I was referring to.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Alexia, it's Sean. Yes, that is a great example of what I mean by noise in the quarter and year-on-year. I mean if you want to look at our sustained market share trends in Frozen since 2016, '17 when the innovation program really ramped up. It's been extremely strong consistently. And now we're wrapping a quarter where there is a bunch of noise in there. Let me just give you some examples of that. Omicron was last Q3, and we had businesses that performed especially single-serve meal exceedingly well during Omicron because people were staying home, they were having lunch at home, and so we had very big comps on some big businesses there. We also had competitors in Frozen in the year ago period that had major supply chain challenges and lost merchandising events where we picked it up also impacting our comps in the year ago period, and we did not repeat some of those this year. And then you got the fish fire issue. So there is a fair amount -- and I should mention value over volume on Birds Eye is one of the things that volumetrically is going to affect those numbers because 10 for 10 promotions, and our company has we've weaned ourselves off a promotion big time since 2015. In the last quarter, we were just over 20%. But until we hit this most recent inflation cycle, there still have been surgical 10 for 10 in our company's portfolio that were not very profitable. They existed in two places. One was in low-tier vegetables and the other was in some of our Shepherd's a good example. We have eliminated that practice. And this was the right window for us to do that, and we refer to that as value over volume. So as you've seen us do in the past, when we take that action, we will purge some low-profit volume out of our base, our margins will expand. We'll now have a much stronger base to build on with high quality, more premium innovation. And so that is one of the things we're doing at low-tier vegetables, getting out of that 10 for 10 business. So hopefully, that gives you some color. We feel awesome about our frozen business and the innovation pipeline we've got going forward.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Jason, I'll come back to kind of the things that I just shared with Alexia. If you're looking at year-on-year decel, you have to consider what was in the last year. So you got to look at it at a brand level, you got to pull out the Omicron stuff. It's probably even better to look at it on a two-year stack basis because you had Omicron strain in single-serve meals, you got weakness this year in fish. And then the bigger one is the right time to get off of the 10 for 10 promotions in Birds Eye is now because we're in a pricing cycle. And basically, the way to think about it is in an inflationary environment, you don't want to stick your promotion practices, especially these high-velocity promotions that are not very profitable. You don't want to stick to what where you were before an inflation super cycle. You have to move off that. And frankly, while these inflation cycles are painful for manufacturers to go through to a degree, sometimes they're actually quite good for you because they become a catalyst for getting your pricing right and getting off of legacy promotions that customers are very attached to that are low profitability. So just the timing is right for us to go further on that and on the business as I cited some of it in Frozen and some of it in our can business.
Sean Connolly: Rob, yes, saw a pretty massive expansion in that frozen refrigerated segment. And part of it was -- were things like the vegetable promotion decisions that we made that contribute to that. And it's one of the reasons why I always remind our investors before you get too focused on absolute gross margin numbers, focus on gross margin trajectory because through an investor's lens, that's I think what people want is they want gross margins that can sustainably move north. And so with our company and where we were even 10 years ago because of the lack of innovation and because of legacy prices that were stuck at certain levels or, in some cases, decades, you saw that structural margins had drifted lower. Well, by unwinding that under management, premiumizing the portfolio, we have the ability over time across all of our segments, we believe, to drive northward progress in our gross margins. And that is central to our strategy. That's what we're doing in frozen, and it's one of the things that contributed to the growth in the quarter. The only other color I would give on Frozen specifically is something I mentioned at CAGNY, which is to be very profitable in Frozen, you have to have scale. And we have been very deliberate over the last several years and continuing to build our scale in Frozen because when you've got scale, you can drive that profit and that margin improvement. And if you've got the innovation program that wins with consumers, then you've got the trifecta. So that's really our game plan.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Andrew. As we said in CAGNY, we expected a 50 basis point impact on Q3, and that's exactly what it did. It impacted us 50 basis points on sales, lost sales. We also had additional impact of around $8 million in kind of fees and just cost to bring the product back. That actually hits net sales and gross margin. So it's really both of those pieces. That did hit in Q3. Just to finish that point, I did say that, that would fully recover in Q4. One thing that has changed is we're really ramping up the replenishment on the shelf. So, we're not going to see that full replenishment of the 50 basis points we lost in Q3 come back in Q4. That's going to drift into the beginning of fiscal '24.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I mean, Sean hit it. Just to give you a little bit more specifics, as I just mentioned on the previous question, we do not expect now to see the bounce back from the Armour recall in Q4, that is going to drift into next year. That was 50 basis points that impacted Q3. And then category, Sean talked about, chilies, beans and then the impact of the frozen fish. These dynamics, we're working through that. It's improving, but we're still on allocation in some of those specific categories and actually SKUs. And so that is impacting Q4 as well on the top line. If you just think about it this way, if you look at the previous guidance, which was 7% to 8% for the full year, that implies a midpoint for Q4 of about 5.8% with the revised guidance for the year, that implies a midpoint of about 4.8%. So, that's about a 100 basis points of a decline in the Armour and then these other allocation issues with the brands I just mentioned are pretty much why.
Dave Marberger: No, Ken. Just we're still on track with the commitments we made at our Investor Day on the $1 billion over three years. A lot of it is just normal timing. In this environment, we're still working through where things just take longer. If you're ordering certain materials and things that you need to execute these CapEx projects, they're just taking a little bit more time. So -- but it's not at all changing kind of the opportunities we see and the projects that we're going to target.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Pam. Let me get -- good question. So Sean had mentioned that our approach to guidance this entire fiscal year has been about being prudent. And it's because of the volatile environment we're in with the supply chain challenges and then the historic inflation in pricing. And we're continuing that approach for Q4. So we still expect inflection in our gross margins, but we are building in what I'll call a healthy level of contingency for supply chain friction costs in our cost of goods sold. Also just a more specific item regarding SG&A, we will be up in Q4 versus prior year and up versus Q3 absolute dollar levels. SG&A will be more in line with what we saw in Q2 in terms of SG&A dollars. So we expect to finish the year near that 9% in net sales level, and that's just timing. And then for EPS, we always forecast sort of a more moderate estimate for Ardent Mills. So that would be down versus what we delivered for Q3. So, they're really the key drivers. I think it's just we're taking a prudent approach to our guidance.
Dave Marberger: Yes. But David, what you're poking at is true, right? So if you think about Armour, for example, where we had a recall, we pulled everything and now we're replenishing and some of that will drift into the beginning of fiscal '24. So when you have that, that's obviously going to be a tailwind, right, for the quarter. But that's what's made these last couple of years, so difficult because every quarter, there's different dynamics in terms of when different companies are on allocation and then when they get off allocation and what does that do to shipments versus consumption. And so it's hard to put a really big point on it, plus we're not going to get into detail on guidance until July. But conceptually, that's correct. When you're on allocation or you're out of stock and then you replenish, you are going to see a bounce back from that.
Dave Marberger: Yes, David, we're going to give more detailed guidance on fiscal year '24 inflation on our July call. I think to do it now, I think, is a bit premature. What I can tell you is, as you've seen every quarter, our market inflation has been decelerating, okay? So the rate of inflation has come down, and we expect that to continue into Q4. We guided to approximately 10%, which implies about a 5.5% market inflation rate in Q4. In terms of the 8% that we saw in Q3, it's still roughly about 10% is materials, which is 2/3 of our cost, right, ingredients and packaging. So we are still seeing market inflation at a high level there, although it is coming down, as I mentioned. And then when you get into the manufacturing side with labor, that's more kind of higher -- mid- to higher single digits there. And then the transportation and warehousing has actually been kind of lower single digits. So that has been coming down stronger. So that's where we are now, but we're not going to give all that detail until we do it in the context of our full guidance for fiscal '24. I think that's the way we want to do it.
Dave Marberger: Yes, just one thing to add, Nik, the -- our inventory levels and our days on hand, our safety stocks are finally back to pre-COVID levels where we want them. So we're in really good shape with our a couple of categories, which we've talked about, where we're still working through it. But overall, I feel really good about where we are now with our inventory levels.
Dave Marberger: Yes, absolutely. All of the cash flow from operations impact that you're talking about is from us building back our inventory levels. So, you'll see on our cash flow statement the increase in working capital related to inventory. And that gets back to the point I just made, where we are back to healthy levels with our inventory, great safety stock levels. So, we feel really good going forward. So as we get into especially Q1 of fiscal '24, we should be in an opportunity where you can start to see inventory as more of a tailwind versus a headwind. And it's just been investment to build back our inventories to the safety stock levels that we want to be able to execute our plan.
Dave Marberger: Okay, Alexia. Yes, we're really pleased with foodservice. Our sales were up 18%. We had just over a 1% volume decline. We've seen strength in a couple of different areas. Our commercial business has been up. We have a popcorn business, which was very healthy in terms of volumes in the quarter, and then obviously, the pricing. We've been able to pass on inflation justified pricing and we have not seen volume declines -- significant volume declines from that. So, the area, we're still focused on are margins. So, we've seen nice improvement in margins in Foodservice, but we still have some work to do to get back to the pre-COVID margin level. So another 200 to 300 basis points of improvement, and I'll be happier with the margins. But overall, we're really pleased with kind of how our Foodservice business has bounced back.
Dave Marberger: Jason, it's a difficult question to answer. Ardent Mills is a great business. It's a newer business. It's been growing, and it really has two key components of its business. It's core milling and blending business where it creates great flours that it sells to customers and then it has more of a trading type business. And so that core business has continued to grow, the margins have expanded. They have great mix. They have great strategies to really drive the margins on that business and the sales. And they've also benefited from this environment and the volatility on their trading side of the business. And so the question comes down to what's that trading piece? I think that the center line of performance for Ardent Mills will continue to go up. It's just quarter-to-quarter, there can be more volatility just given the nature of the business.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Rob, this is David. I think that's fair. I think if you kind of step back and you just look at the last two quarters, and this applies to further apply to the entire domestic retail business. The gross margins have inflected why volume has been down 8.5% to 9%. So, we've been able to improve the margins with the volume decline because it gets back to the earlier point. We know, there's elasticities on pricing. So, we knew there was going to be volume declines and we planned for it, and it's all in the sort of the forecast for the margin. So, we don't see that materially changing. We're not going to give you a specific number, but I think those dynamics are right and that's why this value over volume approach is really important that we look category by category, and we understand the dynamics, and we focus on managing our margin as we manage the volume.
