Gary Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning. This is Gary Rodkin. And I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and, Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary Rodkin: David, I can tell you that we’ve seen good momentum in our volume to continue and we expect to see that kind of momentum continue. And it’s really based on the fact that – that we’ve got good productivity to use as fuel. Our marketing fundamentals continue to getting better and better. Our relationships with our customers, our retailers are very strong. And maybe most importantly, we’ve got a very robust innovation pipeline. So we’re seeing our momentum on the volume continue. And we can see that go into next year as well. And let’s also remember we’ve got non-measured channels, too.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I can see in measured channels there is a bit of softness in that category. Probably, at some point in the not too distant future start to flatten out as – as the economy starts to flatten-out. But in our case, we're seeing very strong repeat rates on our innovation. So we're seeing our combination of value orientation on Banquet and innovation; on health and wellness, on Healthy Choice; innovation on Marie Callendar's. Those fundamentals are working for us in keeping consumers coming back again and again. So the fundamental, the organic growth is good for us on frozen.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Just to take the last one. That’s about 13% increase. So last year was around $100 million, so another 12%, 13%.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Thank you.
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I think that we – we're basing our stand on where we think we can strike that right balance of effectiveness and efficiency. So I think the impact at the current level is a very good one. So we will – we’ll continue to evaluate on a bottom line mindset. It’s a bit more art and science, but it's the mindset of ROI on our market stand. And I’d say we're in the right ball park and we’ll continue to stay there and we probably will continue to see increase in our marketing spending but I don't see that jumping to a huge degree. Yes. I think we're in the right zone.
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I’ll echo what they have said in that we are seeing signs of life that would lead me to conclude we're off the bottom. When we're being a little conservative and cautious here because if you look at the core food service industry, and I’ll exclude quick service restaurant from this, there’re a lot of restaurants that are still barely hanging on. So I see signs of life, we see signs of life, it certainly makes us more optimistic than we were a quarter ago, but I just don't think we're quite ready to call a trend yet and build that into a nearing forecast.
Gary Rodkin: And just to echo John’s point, that the 35% we're talking about would exclude unusual items like environmental liability, so they're different issues.
Gary Rodkin: In our strategic planning a year ago, went to strategic pillars and rather than (inaudible) into priority and enable brands, we now have them broken into pillars-like convenient meals, potatoes, et cetera snacks. So that’s the way that we look at the business now, and that has helped us in terms of the way we focus our resources. So it isn’t anything more than that.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. We believe very strongly that value is here to stay. That there’s a large portion of the population that is going to continue to look very hard at value even as the economy starts to flatten and turn a little bit. So we believe the value proposition has fundamentally changed. On the other side of the coin, we're going to have to work hard as an industry to get growth from the more premium products in the way that we actually do our innovation. We've got certainly the potential to capture folks as they look to move up given the innovation in a more valued brands. But I think really choose to look at it on both sides, or well position in both places.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Robert, over the last few years we have spent a significant amount of money. I think we've even talked about it being about $400 million on infrastructure, really focused against product quality and food safety. So we are in very, very good shape from that perspective. I’d say, looking more as a leader rather than a lager as we might have a few years ago. So we're in pretty good shape overall from an infrastructure standpoint.
Gary Rodkin: And in effect that means – that means that the capital that you see as deploying a go-forward basis is going to shift more into growth and cost savings versus just having to spend the bulk of it on infrastructure.
Gary Rodkin: Robert, Clearly that will be factor in Q4. I think the biggest pieces are the fact we didn't have a 53rd week. But maybe most importantly, we're going against the really tough commercial overlap. So that’s going to be a tough one, but importantly, we still expect to see consumer up. So the fundamentals of the business still look very good. We still feel very good about the full year and the momentum continuing. It’s just a bit of optics.
Gary Rodkin: I’d say with price, we're seeing something a little more than benign. But, yes, so some of the things you mentioned certainly are going to put some pressure on us. But we also, given our portfolio, there're also some places where we see the trends going the other way. So in some of the crop-based businesses we have where some of those crops were up this year, we expect those to come down. So across the whole portfolio, I think we're looking at still fairly modest inflation, probably in the 3% range. So we think, given our cost savings opportunities, we think – we think we still have a really good place in terms of managing our costs and continuing the momentum in the business. So I think that’s – I think I'm feeling good about it.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that your observation is correct. It’s pretty flat right now. I think, that gap has closed as a lot of many manufacturers have figured out that pricing architecture that I referred to before. So right now, we’re seeing across the board pretty flat performance from private label. There are some places. We certainly have a business where the private label business continues to be very good. But net-net, as an overall industry, it’s pretty stable.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Great. Thanks for the comment.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making these statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which includes cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. And the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our Web site, under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. In reference to Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.50 has $0.06 of benefit from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in earnings per share of $0.44 on a comparable basis for this quarter. On that same basis, the $0.43 of diluted EPS from continuing operations recorded in the prior year quarter contains of $0.03 of net benefit from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.40 on a comparable basis. Now, I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: Why don't I start? This is Chris. We have not offered a firm number on the target for consumer foods operating margins. We certainly have a lot of upside, and continually we’ll narrow the gap at our peer set. We're at the mid-teens now. There’s no reason that can't keep going or–
Chris Klinefelter: This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we're available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André Hawaux: Bryan, this is André. Let me take that. So as Gary articulated, we have a very robust-type line of innovation that's – that we are going to be launching, including some of the items that he described. So our investment behind those in the fourth quarter and into next year, we’ll continue to invest behind launching those products. That said, in terms of what happened in this particular quarter, we invested significantly of our slotting and couponing investment that we made about 65% to 70% of it was behind our frozen business. And that was to launch new items specifically. That was not to prop up. Your other prior question was to say that we have lost some share, and we were couponing or discounting a Healthy Choice. That was not the case. We were putting coupons behind the new products around, the new Mediterranean steamers we launched, and the new natural line extensions that we launched specifically. The rest of the slotting really and the couponing fell behind our snacks portfolio. And as you recall, when we were at CAGNY, we talked about the new one-step cheese items that we were launching, and that was to (inaudible).
André Hawaux: The line share of it is new, so incremental. There were a couple of skews that were replacement for some poor performer. But I'd say 90%-plus of it was incremental. And we are getting a very positive receptivity from our retailers. Dough Knudsen and his team has been out lately talking to new costumers about the new items. And we’re getting very, very strong reception. So we're largely going to see most of that become incremental for us.Bryan Spillane – Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thank you.
André Hawaux: Yes, and David, I would just like to emphasize one thing. I mean I think in this quarter, in measured channels, every one of our brands in the single-serve meals, that would be Banquet, that would be Marie Callendar’s and Healthy Choice, gain share. And what we’re hearing from retailers as what they like from ConAgra and what we’re bringing is we’re bringing innovation and something that the category has lacked for a while. So I would say that the response we've gotten from costumers has been very, very positive. We have not heard them talking about deemphasizing this category at all. Quite the contrary, they’ve been very happy with the innovation that we've brought. And they're also looking at this bake idea that we’re bringing in with Marie Callendar's in the multi-serve as being innovation we’re bringing there as well.
André Hawaux: Good morning.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: A couple of questions here, a number of detailed questions actually. So John, I wanted to go back to your comments on the zero overhead growth. Can you explain one more time the corporate expense line? I think it was up something like 28% year-over-year. And I know I’m getting lost here on the zero-overhead growth concept in that 28% increase. How do you reconcile these? And how should we think about the corporate expense line going forward? And then, a follow-up, if you will.
André Hawaux: Okay, Jacqui, this is Andre. In terms of what we've seen, we've seen the environment actually has been barely steady and most of our categories, with the possible exception of those that we have had to pass through significant raw material declines around oil and spreads. So I think I understand your comment about some of the retailer comments but we've not seen that, so we continue to see fairly consistent levels of promotional activity at price point that right now we’re reasonably comfortable with in terms of what we've had in our business for the last three quarters. We haven't seen an abrupt change in that landscape.
André Hawaux: the reason you saw Healthy Choice down in the quarter was the lion share of the slowing and couponing were for new items on the Healthy Choice line. So that Mediterranean steamer line is a Healthy Choice product as are the introduction of the added skew into the natural line up. So without that, you would have seen positive growth as we saw with Marie and for Banquet frozen.
André Hawaux: Yes. I think the noise you’re going to see though in the fourth quarter is we've got these items shipping. But as John articulated, we're going to be dealing with the 53rd week in the last fourth quarter, so there’ll be some puts and takes. And again, as John said, it’ll be hard to judge all those things but, yes.
André Hawaux: We're not planning on taking pricing. Obviously, if things go significantly differently than what we planned, we are very much on top of it. But it’s not in our plan.
André Hawaux: Yes, Eric. This is André. I'd say we got better balance. The things that you eluded for the last quarter were in fact in play. I think this quarter, we happen to get much more balance across our non-measured and our measured channels. Again, a lot of that's going to – every quarter is going to be different. They're going to be timing issues related to one versus the other. So I think we felt very good about where our Q3 performance came in was actually very balanced.
John Gehring: Okay. First of all, David, yes, where – we've probably got some apples in with the oranges here. But let me start with a – we talked about core SG&A, we're looking at SG&A across all of the company. So when you’re looking at the corporate expense, that’s just one slice of the SG&A. So you need to look at as the whole company P&L for the core SG&A, and that’s again where we can focus and drive discipline into the company across all SG&A. On the corporate expense, again, as you understand, corporate expense can be impacted by a number of factors including how you allocate core sales to the business as year-over-year. But the way we look at corporate expenses in a normal year, I think we’re probably looking at something in a 350 to 375. One of the reasons it’s up this year is we've got certain cost that reside in corporate that we're up. A portion of that is as we've addressed in the release, is incentives are up somewhat this year over the last year just given the performance year-over-year. So a lot of that deal gets trap in that corporate expense numbers. So that’s part of the key points I’ve raised at this point.
John Gehring: Yes, David. We looked at our tax rate on a normalized basis to be in the range of 35% this year. We would expect that to be the case also in the fourth quarter. What’s happening in the map perhaps is that when you look at the year-to-date net-net we've had a number of favorable one-time items that we have called out that are reflected in our year-to-date tax rate, which probably puts it somewhat below 35%. But our normalize rate for the fourth quarter, we expect to be right there at that 35% range.David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research: Okay. Thanks a lot everyone.
John Gehring: And then one thing I would add, I’m sorry, is – I think if you look at our numbers and you’re 5% number is correct in the aggregate, I think it’s a little bit misleading because – I think the way to look at it – the way I look at it internally along with Gary is that ROI mindset. But more importantly, I think you have to look in and strip a part where we're spending the money in our pillars, because then it starts to look significantly more. So for instance, in our specialty business as an example, our Wesson oil business and our spread – some of our lower tier brand, we don't spend any dollars yet we generate a lot of sales, if you will. So I think you have to take a look at it against the brands that we're spending in. Then you start to get into numbers that are meaningfully more than 5% and I think that’s probably the right way to start looking at it. Looking at ConAgra and aggregate, yet it is not the way to look at it, because if you look at some of Rob’s was, you see we don't spend any A&T there. So I think for us in the consumer space, we get down at the brand level and the pillar level and I think that’s the right way to look at it.
John Gehring: Yes. I think there's two pieces there, so first of all on the environmental issue. That’s a – we've – we inherited a basket of environmental liabilities 18 years ago. We just had a development on one of those properties, and so which we do that clearly as a one-time item. And then on the tax rate, again, I would reiterate what I said before, I think 35% is the reasonably good estimate for a normalized tax rate.
John Gehring: I do not have that in front me. The other thing that that's – we have to look at is that there tend to be gains from sales of assets and business that could flow into that also. So I just don't have the number.
