Sean Connolly: Sure. Andrew, here's how I think about elasticities, do we had this materials and they are benign and they are stable. And we kind of shared this concept of stable net elasticities. And the way to think about that is, that is basically the combination of waning earlier pricing elasticities being offset by elasticities associated with more recent pricing, but the net effect is flat and benign elasticities this far into an inflation and pricing cycle, I view that as very, very positive news. As we mentioned at our Investor Day, our elasticities have consistently been better. And by that, I mean, more benign than our peers and that reflects the strength of our brands and the important work we've done to modernize our portfolio. Now as you look ahead and this may be nuanced, but it's an important nuance, at this point, given how stable our elasticities have been, I expect continued strong elasticity coefficient, but we are pricing more of the portfolio. So those coefficients apply to a larger volume based which is why we've planned for some incremental volume weakness. It's not that the elasticity coefficient has changed it's that that benign elasticity is now being applied to a broader piece of the portfolio. So that's why as you look at in the industry, as you look at competitors that have pricing and dollar sales that go from plus 7% to plus 14% to plus 20% you're going to see volumes move directionally along with that. But what you've seen in our company and more broadly is that the volume effect is quite modest compared to anything that we've seen historically. And I think most important, it's been very stable from an elasticity coefficient standpoint.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, I think the two most common words I've heard from customers in the last year plus is supply surety. That is the priority. Making sure that we can continue to get our service levels moving in the right direction so that they've got the products in stock. They don't want to go through out of stock. Especially now as we're about to enter the holidays, that's a particularly sensitive period. So if you think about it with the supply chain not yet fully normalized across the industry, I think the last thing anybody wants to do right now is drove fuel on the fire and exacerbate inventory issues out of stock issues, things like that. So I think the environment remains pretty rational right now and I have no reason to believe that's not going to continue for the foreseeable future.
Sean Connolly: Actually, Jason, service levels have improved pretty dramatically. It's quite positive. So moving in the right direction, getting north -- during the peak of COVID, you saw service levels in CPG even broader and food drop into some companies were down in 50s. And recently, you've seen companies back up over 90%. So that's -- it's category specific. So you can't kind of assume that, that's everywhere. We still have certain categories where our demand is just so strong. We'd like to be cranking out more volume and selling more like Slim Jim. But I'd say here's how to think about supply chain overall. There is clear progress happening in supply chain. It's at Conagra. It's across the industry, and it's improving. Service levels have materially improved, as I just said. Core productivity is tracking well. Clear progress. Is it flawless? No, it's not flawless, as you heard. Some things keep popping up, as we outlined. So the external environment remains dynamic, and that's why we think it's prudent. And you heard some of our comments on commentary on Q2, we just want to take a prudent stance forward looking to say, look, we are going to be taking some more pricing. That's broader on the portfolio. That'll have some even modest impact tied to it. And we've got -- we're going to assume that the supply chain dynamism continues for a bit longer. We just think that's the right way to handle it this close into the year. But overall, service levels, to your point, are making real progress.
Sean Connolly: I think we're quite a ways from that. And to the degree it does, Jason, a couple of things to keep in mind about our company. If you look at our volume base, and you say what percentage of the total volume is promoted, it's one of the lowest levels of promotion in the industry. And as you know, that has been a deliberate part of our playbook, but we're not opposed to promotion. We do some promotion, and we do it on certain brands, and we do at certain times of the year because it drives incremental volume. A good example of that is the work we do around holidays and promotion because it's kind of binary. If you're not on promotion on holidays, you're going to miss some sales, and we'll take those sales because that's pure ROIC. So we're very -- we've become very focused on very selective pursuit of promotion and a high ROI focus on promotion and we're probably at record lows right now. At some point, that'll come up modestly, but I'm not anticipating any kind of material change.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. And Bryan, we know the markets you guys are looking for to say, are we making progress here and obviously, an important one for all of us is our margins. And last quarter, as I mentioned, we had filed a collection procedure (ph) a year ago on two of the four segments. At that time, we said we expect the other two segments to inflect positive. As we move through this year, we, of course, still do, but we gave up a little bit of ground in Foodservice in the quarter. And while -- it's one of the reasons we wanted to put a little color on some of these examples is Foodservice is not a big piece of the portfolio, but this issue in Foodservice that popped up impacted Foodservice. So it's why you see some of the directional volatility. There are specific root causes behind it that you don't anticipate in advance that we want to pop up, and we don't want that to be read as there's something more systemic happening in Foodservice, and we gave up ground for some broader reasons. That's not the case. It's tied to the -- in that segment the instance that we described in the prepared remarks.
Sean Connolly: Hey, Cody. It's Sean. We're not going to get into details on the specific ZIP codes of the pricing for, obviously, for competitive reasons, but these are very surgical pricing actions on parts of the portfolio. It's not a broad-based action across the whole portfolio. And so again, we've got meaningful pricing happening now in Q2 and then more surgical actions later. And we don't know what's going to unfold after that. If we need to, we'll take additional action, but that is the plan right now. The good news, as I pointed out earlier, is that the elasticity coefficients just haven't budged. I mean they are flat as a pancake, as I showed you in the presentation. And they're low overall. And that's encouraging given how many waves of pricing have already been experienced in the marketplace. That is -- those coefficients are a reflection of the consumer response to our brands. And the pricing -- and we're not seeing a move in sentiment. What you're seeing in the volume delta, again, as I mentioned a few minutes ago, is that the pricing is hitting more of the portfolio. And therefore, it will have some benign impact associated with it. But until the previous pricing elasticity wanes, it'll build. That's how this whole pricing and elasticity dynamic goes. It'll ebb and then it'll flow. And the fact that they're stable -- net elasticity coefficients are stable overall and benign, I think, is a very positive sign.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Nik. First of all, on the second one, absolutely not. I don't worry about that. The relative pricing between away-from-home eating options and at-home eating options remain strongly in favor of at-home eating options. And we haven't even declared we're in a recession yet. So that's one of the reasons you clearly are seeing benign elasticities and stable elasticities, quite frankly. Multiple waves of pricing into this cycle is that the calculus of the consumer is such that they're saying, hey, it's a far better value proposition to eat at-home than it is to eat out of home. And then within some of our categories, there's just -- there is really no trade down option as you look about frozen single serve meals as an example. We span the good, better, best continuum there with the value options, the mainstream options and the premium options. So the business remains very strong. With respect to household penetration, I did see your research the other day, Nik, on household penetration. And what I would say to you is you've got to be very careful when you look at household penetration not to lose the impact of seasonality. Household penetration varies pretty materially by company, by category, by seasonality. So you have to make sure you're looking at apples-to-apples. Overall, what you should expect in a super cycle of pricing like we've seen right now is that there will be modest short-term impacts on household penetration as consumers defer purchases. And that's kind of -- you see it really show up in the shopping data when people -- their big trips become smaller trips, and they postpone purchases, and their buying rate will drop a bit. So nothing really, I would say, noteworthy about household penetration, certainly nothing concerning at all that we're seeing at this point.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Pam. Just with respect to the pricing we're taking, you don't price until you clearly see the inflation wave materialize. It's got to be inflation justified pricing with customers. So what we're doing in the back half of the year was not locked and loaded at the beginning of the year when we gave guidance, right? But there are also positive things that have broken our way in the first quarter as well. So these -- and that'll, by the way, that'll continue. If we continue to see new waves of inflation come in, we'll take additional pricing, and then we'll give you guys the dates, and you have to bake in the lag, et cetera., et cetera. So that dynamic would continue. Dave, do you want to...
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Pam. Clearly, Q1 was a strong quarter, and that's good news, but it's still early. The environment remains dynamic and we just prefer to get a bit further into the year before we make any new declarations about how we expect to finish the year.
Sean Connolly: Sure. This is Sean. I'll take the question. We've been, as everybody knows, very intensely focused on reducing our debt, deleveraging on schedule and we will continue to be focused on that, and I'm very confident in the commitments we've made. With respect to M&A, we don't have anything in our sights to give you right now, but -- and certainly, we're not in the mode rep right now where we're looking at anything bigger. We're focused on deleveraging, as I mentioned. But we always keep our eye on smaller bolt-on things because they could be beneficial to our business going forward. And there's also a defensive aspect to why we do that. We want to make sure that interesting assets out there that are always -- that could be helpful to our business don't end up in somebody else's hands. So we're always looking and -- but we're -- at the same time, we're intensely focused on deleveraging. That's how I would describe it.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Sure. So, Andrew, we don't give specific quarterly guidance, but we do expect sequential improvement in gross margin and operating margins moving forward based on the assumptions we have now. We expect the highest percentage of inflation for the fiscal year in the Q1 we just delivered. So we expect the percentage will moderate moving forward. We're seeing the full magnitude of pricing from fiscal ’22 in the quarter, but we also took pricing during Q1 and we've taken additional pricing at the beginning of Q2. So we will see the full impact of that starting in Q2. And we also expect to see some gradual improvement in our net productivity as the supply chain and service levels continue to normalize. So all those things give us confidence that we'll improve our margin sequentially moving forward.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, for sure. So regarding inflation, Ken, Q1 came in largely in line with the art market estimate that we had, which that's the first time that's happened in several quarters, right? The market has just continued to be very volatile. So we like to believe that that's a proxy for a little bit less volatility moving forward. The inflation estimate for the full year is still low teens. So that's a double-digit number off of two years of very high inflation. So it's not like we're in a deflationary environment. But we feel like that we use our market indicators, we feel like that we've adequately estimated and planned and built some conservatism into our forecast for this. So, listen, the last year and a half has told us that things can change very quickly. But based on Q1 coming in where we thought based on our forecast, based on procurement that Sean just talked about with a very strong team. As we sit here today, we feel good about our estimates and how it will affect each quarter going forward.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Bryan. Why don't I take that? So if you see in our margin bridge that we had in the deck that the realized productivity in other COGS was plus 1.2%. So clearly, those two issues impacted that. I'm not going to give a specific amount, but our core productivity that's in that number -- as you know, we shoot for about 3% of cost of goods sold, which equates to, when you look at margin, about 2.2%. So 2.2% margin improvement would be what our core productivity is, and we came in at 1.2%. So that's about 1 percentage point of impact. Now that wasn't just the things Sean talked about. We also had some other things and absorption and different things that hit. But Sean just gave you a couple of examples that are in all of the things that gave us a headwind against that kind of core productivity number. So we're pleased about core productivity in the plants. We're making great progress. It's just some of these isolated things that we look at as transitory are kind of headwinds to that number.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. And just the last part of that, there was no material impact on our operations as a result of the hurricane.
Dave Marberger: Why don't I start? Sean, you can jump in, add any color. On your first question, Rob, we continue to ship in line with consumption. So if you -- look, in Q1, we shipped a bit ahead of consumption, but when you look at the percentages, but if you look at Q1 a year ago, we shipped a little bit below. So when we look at our days of supply numbers with retailers and the retailer inventories, we are in line with where we've been in prior year and where we expect to be. So we don't see any significant kind of issue with retailer inventories right now. We're right where we want to be, and we're basically shipping to consumption. So there's no kind of loading or deloading dynamic right there. In terms of your second question, yeah, we -- as you saw in the first quarter results, we did have negative sourcing, right, because we come off favorable contracts. So that will continue to happen. That's all baked in our estimates that we give, right? So we estimate market inflation and kind of where we were locked in, when those contracts or hedges come off. So that's all part of the forecast that we gave. So I'm not going to give a very specific number that you asked. But generally, that's how we forecast and plan it for the full year.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Sure. So we had given guidance that we expect A&P will grow above our organic net sales for the full year. So this is a timing thing. We expect A&P will ramp up year to go. If you just look at where we came in at Q4, if you look at A&P in Q1 versus Q4, we're up $16 million or over 30% just on a kind of sequential basis. So we expect A&P to ramp up year to go.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Cody. Let me take that. So yeah, as we said at the beginning of the year with our guidance, we expect our SG&A to increase at a greater rate than our sales. So we were very clear on that. So yes, incentive compensation for fiscal '23 will be up versus fiscal '22. Now there was a component of timing for incentive comp that was in Q1. So that's part -- we were up 10.5% of just pure adjusted SG&A in Q1. Some of that is timing of incentive comp, and some of that is just absolute increase. But we were very clear that we expect SG&A to be up greater than our sales growth for the full fiscal year '23.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Let me take that. So, our -- we've been very clear that our principle around pricing is, it's inflation justified. So when we go and we put a price increase on the table, it's all grounded in the inflation that we're realizing and we've been very clear there's been a lag. So all these price increases, what we took in Q1, what we've taken at the beginning of Q2 and then the smaller more tactical increases that we've communicated for Q3 are all tied to that inflation. So yes, once -- at this point in time, given the inflation that we've recognized and estimate, we have offset that cumulatively. And the consumption numbers that I find really support that is, if you go back and look at volume and total dollar consumption for 52 weeks now versus three years ago, our dollar consumption is close to plus 20%, and our volumes are pretty much flat. So that shows you that, that's the kind of pricing that we're seeing in market and that ties to the cost inflation that we're seeing. So the consumption data supports that overall catch-up.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, Sean. So Chris, let me -- again, it's sort of a little bit what I said to Bryan's question. But if you look at our margin bridge, I think that's a good place to kind of start. So if you look, our realized productivity and other COGS for Q1 was plus 1.2%. If you just go back and say, okay, our target for realized productivity is 3% of cost of goods sold, right, that basically equates to 2.2% margin improvement, right? We -- because our targets are a percentage of COGS, which, when converted to margin, is 2.2%. We delivered 1.2%. So we are 100 basis points off of all of that realized productivity dropping to the bottom line. Now there are other investments in things that we make in a normal kind of course, but the examples of the things that Sean talked about are in that 100 basis points of headwind. So as we move forward, we do expect that, that will improve as we move forward and get more normalized. So that's how to think about it.
Dave Marberger: No, we didn't give a specific -- it's a long-term target. We did say in the prepared remarks that we estimate leverage will be at approximately 3.7 times by the end of the fiscal year.
