Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the call and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary M. Rodkin: And Andrew, I just might add that we have a very robust and disciplined process to look at acquisitions. That is something very high on our radar screen that we have been working on, so we certainly do have a number of different initiatives that we are looking at. These things obviously take time, but I want to assure you that, that process is very much in place.
Gary M. Rodkin: Clearly, David, we're not in a position to give exact guidance. We stick with what we've said before in terms of low- to mid-single digits EPS growth. And we have planned all along for it to be in the back half for several reasons, the biggest being the pricing which will be in effect for the full year versus the inflation which we will be overlapping more in the second half. So that delta is a big, big piece of that. And then in terms of expectation for Q1, it's all about the wheat issue. And as we've said that's a very isolated issue, it's not a structural issue, just first quarter doesn't impact the full year, so we expect to see both the Consumer side and the Commercial side lean toward the back half, strong business from mills, good turnaround happening at Lamb Weston and the pricing taking effect and catching up more to the cost of goods in the back half for Consumer.
Gary M. Rodkin: Certainly, David. We can't comment on any hypotheticals in terms of M&A activity. What I would tell you is that we are still focused on private label as one of 3 planks. Our strategy for growth is focused against private label, it's focused on core adjacencies and it's focused on significantly increasing our international presence. So we're looking at all 3 of those pillars. That's really what we've got as a very explicit strategy for growth.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Bryan, clearly we can't comment on anything hypothetical from an M&A standpoint. But what I can tell you is that we have a very disciplined process. It's a robust process. We use the lenses of strategic fit, how accretive it is and we are very committed to being disciplined. That's what we've aligned with our Board on, that's the process that we are going through. So we're committed to saying there this is clearly a strategic plank and we are very, very satisfied with the state of our balance sheet and we are very willing to use that balance sheet for those type of opportunities.
Gary M. Rodkin: Bob, we never, again, would speculate. It all depends on the particular situation. So we never take any option off the table. It just has to make sense for us.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, clearly that's on our radar screen. What we've talked about is leveraging the places where we already have pretty good infrastructure, places like in Mexico and India and Canada and building both within those countries and from an adjacency standpoint. And then on the commercial side, Lamb Weston clearly has a global footprint and we'll continue to look to grow that. So yes, it is on the radar screen and yes, we do believe we have capabilities not to go out and plant a lot of flags everywhere but to build out adjacently from where we are.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric. Clearly, we're committed to course correcting and improving our lag time between the cost of goods and pricing. So there's clearly more pricing in our future than what we had in the plan when the year started.
Gary M. Rodkin: Chris, I just might want to add that it's important. We're not shipping our spending mix to more price promotion to chase volume. As André said, there may be some modest volume trade off, and that's something we are willing to do.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would say, Ann, that we've got to make the right call on our cost of goods inflation. We think we've got the best call, but that would be the biggest risk.
Gary M. Rodkin: Rob, this is Gary, I'll start. First of all, I would probably take a little bit of issue with your question in terms of how aggressive we are on the M&A front. Obviously we're not going to talk and speculate, but we do have a robust and disciplined process, as I've talked about. I think we demonstrated that with Ralcorp. And the proof will be on the pudding as we go down the road. As it pertains to share buyback, I'll let John speak specifically to that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Todd, it may sound like I'm going to answer your question with your question, but I think you kind of hit on it which is I think it's the position of our Board and I think our management team that we do want to preserve an investment grade credit rating. But again to your point about starting from a position of strength, we think we have an awful lot of fuel in the tank that we can use to apply towards growth, so I don't see our commitment to an investment grade rating to be any kind of limitation of the kind -- versus the kinds of things we're looking at and are likely to be actionable in the near to midterm.
Gary M. Rodkin: We're having difficulty hearing you. And operator, I believe that's our last question. We're up on the hour here. So I'm going to mention that just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussion. And thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris, I'm going to build on something Paul had mentioned, Jason, realize that revenue is always not just from one source. It reflects the relative mix of what it's coming through both from our Lamb Weston business, our other seasonings business and then of course the flour milling. And that's something to take into consideration when you're making a prediction.
Chris Klinefelter: Hey, Chris, this is Chris Klinefelter. Sure. When we put our long-term plans together, we obviously think of a benefit from capital allocation overall. In some situations, that might be a business we buy; in other situations, a share repurchase. So do we have some benefit from things like that? Absolutely, but not one dedicated just to by buying businesses by themselves.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I guess what I'd emphasize is that we do seek to have a balanced capital allocation program. Clearly, I think as we've made very clear, our priority is growth. And I think while we're disappointed the Ralcorp situation didn't work out the way we wanted to, I think it is indicative of our willingness to leverage our balance sheet to create value. Insofar as growth is the priority, that will be the first place we want to look to from a capital allocation standpoint. Clearly, we understand that share repurchases are a part of that mix and we will continue to look at the level of share repurchases over time. Our Board does look at that from time to time but again, I want to emphasize that our practice has been to push some of that cash from our operations back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases. But at this point, again as I said, we are really not going to add significant leverage or do significant change to our capital structure because we really want to keep that capital structure primarily focused on growth.
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. Most of that difference is just driven by the increased pension costs in the year due to the higher discount rate that we experienced at the beginning of the year.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Bryan, this is John. I think it's a pretty good proxy for the run rate for the year. I mean it moves up and down, but it's typically mid-to high 300s [indiscernible].
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. I think, I'd say 3 areas we'd probably look at, one would be -- we look at what we believe the growth would be in the underlying categories because that's ultimately one of our goals is to increase the growth in our portfolio, so we tend to look at the categories quite a bit. Accretion is important and return on investment are important. We do tend to take a little bit longer view of that. We are not necessarily going to make decisions based on what's accretive in the first year of the deal. We're looking for long-term strength, both in terms of accretion and return on investments. The other thing -- I guess, the other thing as it relates to the kind of the growth in the categories, the other thing we look at is the capabilities we have that we can leverage against that portfolio, whether that be cost savings or innovation. And those -- how we can operate those businesses in the categories also have a big impact on how we evaluate deals. Sometimes how those benefits come to fruition can vary over time based upon the nature of what we're buying.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, at this point, I think as we've said, we're not going to speculate on kind of anything hypothetical that we might or might not do with our portfolio. I would say by and large, we're looking to add to our portfolio and to grow. And obviously there's a lot going on in the landscape out there. And as Gary mentioned, we continue to assess a number of opportunities and we will continue to do so as we really focus on growth.
John F. Gehring: This is John. There were some costs, but they were not significant enough where we go to the work of breaking those out as comparability items. But from time to time, we will have some of those costs come through.
John F. Gehring: No, this is John. At this point, I'm not willing to bet that much on my crystal ball. So we're going to have to -- let's see how things play out over some crop cycles here.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I guess I would just would start with some context and that is I think as we've tried to make clear here, we're trying to do the right things for the long term. And clearly, the recent events last couple of weeks create perhaps some impatience in various places, but we're going to do the right thing for the long term. On the share buyback, as I've said, we understand that's a component. I think you can probably also understand that given the events that were underway in the last quarter, it really just was not practical for us to be in the marketplace buying back shares when we had a significant deal that would've had a significant impact on our leverage in our balance sheet. It was just a case where we thought it was prudent to keep our hands in our pockets there around share buyback until we had some resolution there. In terms of paying back the debt that we just paid back, quite frankly, we've got a balanced view towards capital allocation. We had cash on hand and at this point, we just felt it was appropriate to repay that in cash. I think our actions over the past several months hopefully have indicated to people that we are not shying away from adding leverage where we have the opportunity to do it. But in the short term, we felt like the best thing to do was just go ahead and use some of that cash. I guess the other thing, just to confirm, we're very satisfied with the advice and counsel we've gotten on a number of fronts over the last couple of years.
André J. Hawaux: Jason, this is André. I think we see good growth in both measured and non-measured channels and we did not see any sort of inventory builds within the quarter or the last several quarters. If anything, as we've talked about for probably the last 4 to 5 quarters, we see people working across the supply chains on reducing working capital across the businesses, so we've not seen any inventory buildup. I think our brands held up quite well in spite of a good pricing that we got in the marketplace.
André J. Hawaux: What we said -- Chris, this is André. What we said at the end of the year last year in the fourth quarter as we looked at inflation and what our pricing algorithm needed to be, that the lion's share of our net sales growth was actually going to come from a combination of pricing and mix. We're obviously very pleased with our first quarter performance on volume, it being flat. But as Gary mentioned, as we take more pricing, I think that the elasticity is something we're watching very closely. We do believe we'll get back some minimal amount of volume. We don't believe that will be very large. That's currently one of the things that we're working through right now. But the way we built most of the balance of the year is expecting net sales outperformance largely driven by pricing and mix.
André J. Hawaux: That's absolutely correct, Chris. We see ourselves -- as Gary mentioned, some of the new campaigns that we've got out there launched and so we're investing behind our brands in A&P.
André J. Hawaux: Ann, this is André. I can speak to the consumer side. The environment is difficult as we've talked about in the past. We continue, based on some of the new capabilities we're building that Gary articulated earlier, through our revenue growth management team working with our customer teams and then with our customers to go ahead and continue to pursue that. It's as the commodities warranted and we've had -- as Q1 indicated, we got 4% pricing, which is very robust in this environment, our volumes held. We feel pretty good about that.
André J. Hawaux: So let me start, Rob, with the answer to your question, that last part of your question, which is what we saw from a shipment data standpoint, so let's separate the 2, shipment data being what draws our P&L. We saw positive increases as we continue to see the turnaround of Orville start to happen. So we had positive shipments in the quarter for Orville and the reverse was true for Chef. As we look at consumption data, we also saw consumption data. We use IRI for the 13 weeks ended -- the end of the quarter. We saw both share gains with respect to Orville and our base velocities increase with respect to Orville as a result of the Pop Up Bowl and some of the marketing that Gary articulated. With respect to Chef, the category was up slightly. We were down a little bit relative to consumption in IRI and we lost a little bit of share with respect to Chef. Again, the Chef phenomenon continues to be what we said before was our heavy users are still buying the product, but they have significantly pantry deloaded from the typical amount of cans that they buy during our events. So that's what's happening there. With respect to your first part of your question, we have touched about our entire portfolio once, if you will, relative to pricing or taking a look at each of the categories in which we compete in. Some we have opted not to take pricing but we're still -- we're north of that 85%. I don't have an exact percentage to quote to you today relative to what is going on in our second round. We have a lot of categories that are already up for their second round of pricing in the area of oil, in the area of spreads and also things like peanut butter to give you just some examples. So we'll make sure we get back to you on what those exact percentages are, but we're in for already a second round.
André J. Hawaux: All right, Alexia, this is André. I'll start and I'll touch on as you know we operate in a lot of categories, so I'm going to try to touch on some of the ones that you mentioned. Frozen meals, we actually feel very good about our performance there on a bunch of metrics as Gary mentioned, both the new innovation we're bringing to market plus what we've actually done in frozen single-serve meals this quarter. We've taken pricing as has most of the competitive set, so I think the industry overall has behaved pretty well there. We have in fact gained share and we've done a lot of the things we said we'd do. So we're winning in single-serve. We've started to get into multi-serve frozen in a meaningful way with Marie Callender and we've also started to work really hard at getting to adjacencies, specifically desserts with our Dessert Pie business, both on large pies and small pies. So on single-serve meals we've actually done, I'd say we hit a trifecta in terms of the things we're doing. Cooking oil is another category you mentioned and what we've done there, our sales in our branded competitive set, is we've taken pretty significant amount of pricing as a result of our commodity increases. What we're seeing there is we're losing a little bit of share, and that's largely because private label has gotten much more aggressive and has gotten stronger. So they picked up a fair amount of the share there. And on popcorn, based on the innovation and some of the work we've done on Orville Redenbacher's, we're seeing our share grow there, our base velocities increase based on the Pop Up Bowl innovation, and we're doing fairly well. And we have 2 brands there. We have Orville, which is -- really seems to have started to turn the corner and then we also have Act II, which is probably struggling a little bit more relative to its positioning. So those will be 3 categories that I would mention in terms of how we're performing.
