Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew our long-term algorithm does not make an assumption in terms of any kind of scale deals, so the long-term numbers that we reaffirm today are basically us running our base play. The point Dave was making at our Investor Day is that we have our top notch supply chain team that has been extremely active in the industry reducing the number of plants by 30% in the past six years or so, achieving realized productivity of 2.8% on average year-in your-out, which translates if you use to the measure of gross productivity through significantly higher number, as well as base plans to further increase realized productivity 15% and 20% by 2020, as well as commenting to get $400 million of working capital. So all of those things are assumed in our long term algorithm and get us to our long-term algorithm. The point he was making on M&A is to the degree we all have conversations about bigger transformations within our supply chain. There are other concepts out there and that last slide that shared in that presentation - that are really conceptual in nature, which are things like joint ventures, consolidation of supply chain networks, and things like that. Those concepts always offer incremental opportunity, but what Dave was pointing out, those are things that we are always open to and we will always contemplate, but they are not assumed as required in order for us to get to our long-term algorithm.
Sean Connolly: Yes, you have seen this year, it has been a fundamental reset of top line and a big part of that and it varies by business, bank was a good example of where we have done a lot of SKU rationalization including in this past quarter in Q4, but you have seen trends abate there. So, as we start to wrap those you're going to see those change and obviously we are quite pleased and excited about our top line prospects this year calling for a minus 2 to flat, which is a trend bend on our topline of 300 basis points to 500 basis points, which is probably some of the stronger bend in the industry. And that obviously reflects wrapping this - the heavy lifting we have done this past year, but also the confidence we have in our innovation programs, and our plans to rebuild TPDs, total points of distribution in higher quality read this year. So you will see that and I think as you think about our topline you should think about it as just like you’ve seen recently building momentum as we proceed through front half to back half quarter-to-quarter so to speak.
Sean Connolly: Yes absolutely. Let me hit those David. First of all the metrics David, we call it in renewal rate, which is percent of annual net sales that come from prior three-year innovations and historically we were I think in the high-single digits range. Our goal is to get that to about 15%, not in a low quality way because we’ve got experience with SKU proliferation in the past, but in a higher quality way and we're making good progress this year just with the innovations like you have seen, but keep in mind when it comes to innovation we effectively, not only did we rebase our topline this past year, we basically pushed pause on all innovation, so we could rebuild the pipe in a higher quality way, which is the stuff you see launching this year. So we will get better at that as we go and we will do it informed by our portfolio segmentation and our improved insights and analytics capabilities, but when we do evaluate future innovations, we do challenge our teams to always pursue margin accretive innovation. Now sometimes in the early days of an innovation you will see a little bit of a lower gross margin, if we choose for example to go to a co-packer because in those cases, we want to prove out our thinking before we invest our own capital or if we buy a higher growth business that was run by an entrepreneur that has lower gross margins. In their early days, we know once we can get it in our system we can raise those margins over time. We’ve experienced some of that in this past quarter with Thanasi and Frontera as an example, but you can see from our past couple of years of behavior we are somewhat obsessed with the notion of margin expansion around here and certainly margin accretive innovation is part of that game plan.
Sean Connolly: Yes David. We think of that specific level of detail, what I will tell you is that, the productivity programs that we discussed at Investor Day and the 3.3% of realized productivity is on track. What we’re seeing and it was really showed up in our Q4 results a bit, is the increase in inflation. So as you remember we had an assumption of 2.3% of inflation over the three-year horizon for our algorithm, and Q4 our inflation was around 2.7% and right now we are looking at that as more of the run rate for 2018. So on track with productivity, we are continuing to look even harder at opportunities there and pricing opportunities, but we are seeing more inflation, which impacts next year.
Sean Connolly: Yes Ken, I think this is a really important point and you heard in my comments earlier that it is obvious that retailers and manufacturers are like - are hungry for improved growth, and we believe that the key to that growth is innovation and we also believe that the consumers calculus on value is a lot more than price alone. And in fact now that we are in an inflationary environment as we thought we would be, we do plan to price inflation as we can and that’s what I expect we will do going forward and as we do that there are really three things I would want you to keep in mind. One is, our customers understand fully what ConAgra is doing in terms of transforming our brands and our portfolio and they are very supportive of our work to upgrade and contemporize these brands and acknowledge that consumers evaluate a lot more than price point in their value calculus. So our customers are supportive. Frankly, our customers probably historically have compressed their own margins on our businesses too much and they are happy to see our prices and our quality and innovation move north. So that’s a positive and we have, I think as good a customer relationship right now as that’s certainly we have seen since I have been here. The second thing is, as we think about pricing, in every one of our segments we have brands that offer terrific value price points. So, if we have to take price they will still be a terrific value relative to alternatives specifically because of the brand renovation work that we’ve been doing.  And then the other point is, I think the point I made, which is when the environment shifts from noninflationary inflationary sometimes you see some growth gross margin volatility in the short term and that is why we focus on the centerline not sure term deviation. So, yes I think pricing to inflation will continue to be a central part of our game plan and that’s what we intend to do going forward. In fact, in some of our categories, I think some peanut butter, we’ve already done that here in the recent months.
Sean Connolly: Yes, David that is a center piece of what we are doing and we have invested as we have mentioned before in a number of IT tools, post event analytic tools, trade planning and optimization tools that led us look at all kinds of events by ROI literally at the store level or vent level and it’s in the simplest notion what you do is you identify the inefficient ones, you do fewer of those, you identify the ones that are much more efficient and you do more of those and it is basically a mix concept, it is a mix improvement and it is delivering improved overall effectiveness and efficiency.
Sean Connolly: Jason you did hear me correctly. While we don’t guide at a segment level, you can gather from my comments that we are expecting meaningful improvement in our US retail businesses overall and that does reflect the upgraded volume base and robust innovation slate. So at a company level though, our sales guidance of minus 2 to flat does imply that 300 to 500 basis point improvement which while a significant trend band is something that we are confident we can deliver and something that we will ride our US Retail Business as hard in order to deliver.
Sean Connolly: Yes, so good question. Obviously, we have given a range here, so there is a lot of different outcomes that we could have, just to start with your share count question, assuming we would do to pull buyback, clearly we would have more share dilution and just what we need for management compensation, so you can make an assumption on that and were the weighted average shares would be. In terms of the mix between EPS growth and where we would be from operating profit, as you look we gave a range on our operating margin for next year. And the reason for that is because when you look at the new products being launched and the investment behind that in terms of A&P, we do intend to increase our A&P and we talked about this at Investor Day kind of given where our A&P is at 4.2%, compared to some of the peer companies there is room to grow there. So, we would anticipate some investment increase in investment there, but we want to reserve the right as the year goes on and we look at the new products and the execution what those opportunities would be. So that is clearly part of the dynamic, which would obviously affect operating profit increased during the year depending on what level we would go with our A&P. From an SG&A perspective, as I mention we expect some moderate increase given the acceleration of benefit this year, but we finished this year of 10.3% and we clearly don't anticipate getting back the 10.8% that we talked about at Investor Day. So that’s the dynamic obviously from a modeling perspective, you get to look at a lot of different scenarios, but generally that’s how we think about it.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think, while we don't give quarterly guidance clearly we expect the topline that we're going to deliver to build sequentially as we proceed. With respect to kind of the weeding and feeding process as I will call it, we will continue to do SKU rationalization, recall that, the final 20% of our volume historically accounted for the vast majority of our SKUs and we went a long way towards beginning to rationalize some of that last year, but some of that will continue and is certainly continuing now, but we will - we expect to offset that and grow the business through the introduction of the new higher velocity, higher margin items, and those will really flow in as we move through Q1 and in Q2 and build that distribution through the end of the calendar year. So, I can't give you the exact month-to-month kind of net-net in terms of the weeding and feeding Chris, but that’s directionally how to think about it.
Sean Connolly: I think we will - as category managers we have always got to do it and you are always going to renovate or at least you should, your brands and your portfolio, so that will be an ongoing peace, but on a going state it is nowhere near the likes of which we have done in this last year, which is really take a significant step forward. It will move into a more normalization rate as we move through this year.
Sean Connolly: Well it changes every day when you open the newspaper Rob, and certainly if there were an action ability meter out there, the newspaper reporters would have that action, it would make sound like there are more things coming to the market this year than it has been available. My attitude is, I believe it when I see it, but we are always looking and we always cast to widen that and we are very positive about the role that acquisitions can help in our value creation agenda. At the same time, it is our responsibility and shareholders to keep a level head and make sure that what we look at not only fit strategically, but that we are financially disciplined, and we have been, we will continue to be and we will continue to be on the lookout for deals that make good strategic sense and make good financial sense and hopefully there will be some increased action ability moving forward, but we are always ready should that materialize.
Sean Connolly: Akshay, let me take the first one. So our capital loss carry-forward was about $4 billion, we are down to about $2.5 billion and there were several kinds of pieces of that. The Spicetec and Swank divestitures we benefitted. There were some parts of the Lamb Weston spin where we utilized it. And then with the Wesson divestiture, even though we haven’t closed from an accounting perspective as you saw on our release, you account for that now because it is probable that you would use it. Because as you may know, even though it is an asset on our balance sheet we fully reserve for that asset and then we use it, we get the tax benefit that goes through the P&L. So, clearly we have a track of using them as we said, we’ve utilized 38% to date. So, we feel good about that progress.
Dave Marberger: Yes just to build on that, another dynamic Ken is that with SG&A, as I commented. We were improved $214 million for the year, right? So that exceeded our target. Some of that was some one-time benefit and some headcount-related stuff that will come back for next year. So, we accelerated that savings, so some of that savings is going to kind of come back next year in terms of some moderate increases in SG&A. So that’s just the dynamics of the timing between 2017 and going forward.
Dave Marberger: Just to add one thing. Our trade productivity target of 100 million in savings through the end of 2017 were about two-thirds of the way through that. So we still expect the benefit as we move forward. We finished fiscal 2017 in the grocery business of about 80 basis points of improvement in pricing, and about 110 basis points of improvement for frozen. So that will still be part of the calculus to grow, but as Sean said, the new products launching and the volume as a big part of it as well.
Dave Marberger: Yes, as it relates to the buyback, if you go back to Investor Day Jason, I was very clear about, you know this is our target for buyback assuming no synergistic acquisition, so based on our balanced capital allocation approach if we were to enter in to a large synergistic acquisition that assumption could change. So that’s just important to know. In terms of the funding of it, as you saw this year, our cash flow from operations was about $1.1 billion. We anticipate that next year will be in line with that so most of it would be funded from our cash flow operations with a little increase in our debt. So, that’s generally - we don’t comment on the cadence.
Dave Marberger: Yes Alexia, I will start with the second question first. We are not going to comment at all on any numbers related to Wesson until the deal would actually close. So when that happens we will give more information on that. Regarding your first question, if you look for the year from a gross margin perspective, we were up 180 basis points and that’s just as a reminder coming off at 2016 where we were up 260 basis points. So, we have gone from 26.5% gross margins to 30.2% in two years. When you look at 2017 of the 180 basis points improvement, about 50 basis points of that was related to the divestiture of Spicetec and Swank because that is very low margin mid-teens business. In addition to that we still are hitting our realized productivity targets that we talked about at Investor Day, so we are getting great productivity from our supply chain. Inflation was relatively benign in the first half of the year, but we have seen it click up particularly in the fourth quarter as I mentioned earlier, around 2.7%, but all in all we’ve still had nice improvement in gross margin for the year despite that headwind.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, so will take the second question first, we don’t comment on or speculate about M&A, so obviously we evaluated everything as Sean said, we cast a wide net, and then we evaluate everything based on its strategic merit and then all the financial metrics associated with it. To your first question, clearly we are seeing very attractive markets. The cost of borrowing is very low. We believe and remain committed to investment grade, because it really gives us flexibility to borrow, it keeps our borrowing cost even lower and it gives us access to the commercial paper markets, which are very important for us, very low cost of financing and gives us a lot of flexibility. So, that’s what we’ve committed to and we can continue to make that comment in this environment where we have very low rates all around.
Dave Marberger: And Akshay with respect to your second question, when I think about ConAgra and maximizing value I think holistically about reshaping the portfolio. And reshaping the portfolio really consists of three things: One is, strengthening the businesses we already own, and undoing a lot of legacy stuff that we’ve talked about making them stronger margin for the future. Two is adding new assets to the portfolio that fit strategically with what we do that enhance our growth profile, potentially enhance our margin profile. And third would be surgically letting go of businesses that don’t fit what we are doing strategically or are a chronic drag on our top line or a chronic drag on our margin structure or assets that somebody else values more materially than we do. So all those three things in together really comprise the recipe for how we’re going to maximize value here at ConAgra.
