Sean Connolly: Yes, good morning, Andrew. Yes, this is Sean. We will continue to invest above the line and below the line behind the brands in the second half. When we got off to a strong start in the year it gave us the opportunity to do that as well as anticipating a tax reform. And the simple logic for that is with all the work we've done and put into building our innovation pipeline when we get our new innovations in the marketplace, particularly in stores at the point of purchase, it is critical that we build awareness around these new benefits and around the new modernized look of these products. Internally we've got a phrase here a phrase here that we use that use called "confidential innovation". And what we mean by that is when we do all the work building out our innovation pipeline the last thing we want is to get it into the marketplace and have nobody see it. If that would be the case we'd call that confidential innovation. So we're trying to avoid that obviously. We're trying to create consumer awareness and let our package design and the food itself, the look of the food, the varieties, the modern flavors drive consumer pull. And we're highly confident that because of the quality of the food we're putting into products this year, in particular in frozen meals, that we will get strong repeat. And the early data that we're seeing on that bodes well. So, as we look at the return on these startup investments over time we expect them to be quite strong, but strategically we view it as vital to getting the right kind of uptick particularly given we really took a last year or year-and-a-half off when it came to new innovation.
Sean Connolly: Yes, obviously M&A is an important part of our playbook going forward. And we've all seen high multiples in M&A in food in general for the last few years. Snacks is the flavor this week. We had condiments last quarter; we had other things before that. So it's been a high multiple environment. And in that environment we try to strike the right balance between our desire to be aggressive with M&A to help reshape our portfolio for better growth and better margins, but also to be disciplined. So we understand that there are higher multiples out there, but we still hold ourselves to pretty high standards in terms of being able to get an IRR on our deals that is above our weighted average to capital. So that's one of the ways we look at getting proper return on our M&A investments and we'll continue to strike the right balance between being aggressive and being disciplined going forward.
Sean Connolly: Well, we have different brands across our portfolio. The consumer domains that we've talked about before, we've got meals which tends to lean toward frozen, we've got enhancers, and we've got snacks. You're going to continue to see us do probably bolder innovation on the meals and snacks consumer domains. And what you'll see more in the grocery part of the store and enhancers looks more like renovation. So may not be as much on new slotting there. Maybe things like updating the look of our products. Probably some skew varieties, but a bit of a different mix. I think the bigger point here is that we look at marketing in total, meaning above-the-line marketing spend and below-the-line marketing spend. And when we use the phrase marketing behind our brands we're referring to investments that engage the consumer with our brands. And that could be everything from traditional TV and print ads, to distribution investments, to merchandizing, to sampling, to digital marketing, even customer loyalty programs. So you've got a wide array of activities here -- marketing activities that span above net sales and below net sales cost buckets. And as we move our activity mix it may toggle spend above the line and below the line, and we'll try to be transparent with you all around what those activities are and why we're doing them. When we're on ramp-up mode on things that are quite materially different from how the brands looked in the past, think frozen so far this year with all the work we've done, we really focus our energy disproportionately on the in-store environment and centre store because that's where we get the biggest engagement with consumers around these meaningfully revitalized brands in that startup mode. And that's why we're doing what we're doing right now because we believe it's going to get us the best long-term top line performance and the best ultimate returns.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think in the last few years growth has been on average more elusive for the industry. And when you see those cycles emerge where growth is more elusive you tend to hear more talk around consolidation and harvesting synergies. But as a potential participant in some of those deals we want to focus on our shareholders and the return we get for our shareholders. And obviously synergies are great. But when you give away all your synergies in a deal to the seller it's not particularly useful to our shareholders. So we're going to always keep our shareholders in mind as we think about portfolio changes that ultimately position us for long-term strength and value creation.
Sean Connolly: Rob, let me tell you how I think about that. Let me start with the second half of your question first around trade investments. I think it's a very simple mental model that a lot of investors have that when we talk trade we're talking putting that money right into deep discounting and deals. Increasingly that is not really anywhere near the full story. It's more about joint business planning with customers around everything from merchandising, which usually has some level of discount to it, in our case nowhere near the depths that we had historically. But it also has to do with points of distribution. It has to do with quality of shelf space and facings. Is it eyelevel or is it down in the well, the ability to sample products in store, the ability to target consumers on their apps that are customer-specific. So trade and customer investment is much more holistic than just deep discounting deals, and features, and things that you've heard about historically. And certainly in our case that is true. Keep in mind we've invested a fair amount in improving our trade efficiency capabilities. So we've now got post-event analytic tools, we've got trade planning management tools. We are able to look at thousands upon thousands of trade events, find the ones that are low ROI, get rid of those, and find the ones that are positive ROI and do more of those because we get more bang for our buck. Some of that is the structure of the merchandizing, some of it is timing. So we are spending above the line, but it is what I would describe as a significantly higher quality investment in terms of engaging consumers in our brands than what it used to be at ConAgra, which was really about taking very outdated and old fashioned products and just moving them based on deep, deep discounting. And as you saw in the slides, our promoted levels are down overall, and our pricing is up and above our categories. Now with respect to pricing, just a couple of thoughts on pricing, as I pointed out before, we've built an integrated margin management team and improved our pricing capabilities dramatically versus what we had just a few years ago. And over the past few years we've taken more price than most. And we think about pricing three ways. There's number one, inflation justified pricing; number two, trade efficiency, and I just talked a little bit about that; and three, premium-priced innovation which over time will be positive mix. So clearly pricing is complex when you pivot from deflation to inflation you want to price as fast as you can. Sometimes there's a lag. And sometimes if the inflation appears transitory on certain commodities and the forward curves drop back down retailers can be more reluctant to take price because they don't want constant shelf price volatility. And then the last factor is that not every brand and every category are created equal in terms of elasticities of demand. So all of this is why we are principally committed to pricing when justified, but also why we focus on the center line of our profitability over time and not on quarterly volatility because there tends to be a fair amount of noise.
Sean Connolly: Yes, on innovation, Chris, we will continue to have innovation coming out in the back half of the year and we'll have startup support behind that. Some of it with some customers shows up as slotting, some of it just goes into debt net. But it is a diverse means of supporting the brands from actual physical distribution, as I mentioned, to quality of shelving, to in-store support. All of those things are the things that we're doing disproportionately. So what you saw in Q2 was some reduction of A&P that was then moved above the line, and then additional expense above the line in support of the brands in an in-store environment.
Sean Connolly: And one thing to keep in mind as well going forward, we talked about this a little bit last quarter is, we're coming off of a base period where we didn't really have a lot of, what I'll call, brand support in the base, startup support, innovation support because we pushed the pause button last year while we rebuilt the funnel. So as we get these investments into our base this year we won't see the magnitude of year-on-year changes going forward because we're getting back to more normal going innovation launch cadence.
Sean Connolly: Just one other building on Tom's comments David one other thing that we're always thinking about which is we've got to wrap this year slate next year and it's not lost on us that we will be wrapping next year a big slate and as a result, you should assume that we've been very aggressive in making sure that our innovation slate for next year is going to be as impressive as this year. I continue to talk about frozen and how I think we have years and years of runway on frozen, undoubtedly we're going to continue to have a big slate there, you'll hear us talk more about some of these things that CAG is coming up after the holidays but then snacking is a big area for us and some of the most innovative things we've got going on as a company are some of the acquisitions we've made. Duke's is clearly one of the most innovative brands in the very hot meat snack space and now with Angie's Boom Chicka Pop as the national leader of branded ready to eat popcorn that's if that's a business we can do a lot with going forward. So you'll hear more about what comes next when we're at some invest meetings in the new calendar year.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think in our retail business, David, the dynamics we saw in the hurricane were very similar to the things that I've experienced throughout my long career in the world of food, which is when you have shelf stable goods that are either in meals or in snacks, you're tended to see a fair amount of stocking both warehouse stocking with customers and pantry stocking in and around the hurricanes. And in my experience there're almost always higher levels of stocking than there is immediate term consumption. So what we experienced, what we experienced last quarter to me was textbook with what I've experienced throughout my career. There is one particular nuance that's worth mentioning, which is specific to Chef Boyardee, just to provide a little bit more color on this and that is that our quarter two Chef saw some pretty significant impact on Chef we had previously negotiated much higher impact merchandising events in quarter two this year than last year with those key events timed around back to school. So in other words, we planned more trade support in the quarter. As it turns out, those major events that we planned upfront just happened to coincide timing wise with the hurricanes and the effect this had was to move a ton of volume but at compressed gross margins. So while inflation on his brand was up a good bit, the hurricane fueled sales spike came while the brand was on deal for back to school, so while we got far more takeaway than we originally expected, we also got a bit more margin compression on that business than we expected and higher absolute trade expenses and to your point as we mentioned earlier because a fair amount of that is sitting in could we believe is sitting in consumer pantries we expect to get some of that back in Q3 as consumers work through that inventory and that dynamic there is not different from what I've experienced before.
Sean Connolly: Yes, we are seeing it, but let me go back to what I said before on this, because I think it's a really important point and I think it's a different experience with ConAgra than maybe what you all see elsewhere in the industry which is on a lot of our brands we saw a retailer margin compression for years and the reason that happens because our brands were locked into very low price points usually a dollar or a $0.99 or a $1.99. So in other words, over decades ConAgra saw compressed margins and our retailer saw compressed margins and as you can imagine and I mention as before when we talked to retailers about our aggressive innovation slate, one of the reasons why they were very supportive of it and our goal to modernize brands was actually the opposite of what a lot of times we hear about, which is a desire to take prices lower in our case it was a desire to take prices higher. And as we did that build back in better retailer margins so case in point there is Healthy Choice Power Bowls. We still have a small sliver of Healthy Choices that are these classic meals that are sold to older boomers that business has gotten smaller as we kind of sunset that piece of it but we are replacing it with higher margin. Higher dollar in businesses like Healthy Choice simply and now Healthy Choice Power Bowls, which are not only higher price points but better margin structure for our retailers. So we are participating and rebuilding retailer margins but in our case we're doing in the context of modernized brands with higher absolute price points and higher absolute food quality.
Sean Connolly: On that latter piece, Jason, I'm not any more concerned this quarter than I've been previous quarters about private label as I've mentioned before. Private label on average under indexes in our categories it's about a 70 index versus food on average and in key strategic categories like frozen it's significantly lower than that so I'm not anticipating any change, it's not built into our planning posture in terms of private label interaction getting to be more of a headwind. With respect to investing behind our business in trade but I wouldn't over think this is a simple way to think about it is we were in launch mode in the front half of this year and we knew, we have we want to support our brand because we're trying to build future cash flows here by reestablishing consumer loyalty and household penetration on our brands and when we saw the early traction on the business when we saw we got up to a fast start of the year and fueled in part by a high degree of confidence, we're going to get a tax return. We made the strategic decision to put more money behind our businesses because we had confidence in our brands and in our innovation and by and large we got the response that we were looking for and that's bit of a higher level of support as we continue to launch stuff through the back half of the year and then next year we will wrap some of these levels investments will be baked into our core, so I wouldn't anticipate another step up as we move into the out years I think we're going to kind of get it in our base here as we proceed. But at the end of the day the fact that we've got traction on these brands and our investments are working in terms of driving consumer trial, and we have confidence in the products themselves to drive repeat. This is all part of a positive flywheel in our view.
Dave Marberger: Yes, and I just want to add to that as it relates to gross margin the broader question first-half and then as we look forward. As we mentioned, inflation will be higher in the second-half. We will continue the marketing investments that Sean just talked about, and pricing where we've already taken it we've already taken it on several brands. It's important to understand the impact of food service in the second quarter and the benefit we got from that, and that not repeating in the second-half. And so when you look at that and also the volume in grocery/snacks that's going to negatively impact the third quarter. When you add all that up it's going to result in the second-half gross margins being in line with the first-half gross margins generally speaking. And that really drives ultimately our operating margin guidance that we gave.
Dave Marberger: Sure, Ken. Let me start, and then Sean can jump in. So I'll start with the tax rate, right. So if you look the last two years we've been about a 33% effective tax rate. Obviously with the corporate rate now dropping to 21% we'll clearly benefit from that. But there are other component provisions of the new bill that we need to understand, so things like the domestic manufacturing deduction, we benefited from that. Well, that's now gone, right. So that will be an impact to the rate. So we're still going through that process to understand how our effective tax rate will change, but we know we will benefit from it. Another just tactical thing as it relates to this fiscal year, since we are a May filer and the bill is effective January 1, our fiscal year '18 effective tax rate will be a blended rate. So that's another component where we have to go through and figure out the seven-month to 35%, five-month to 21%, how does that affect it. So that will be -- we'll be more clear on that in the third quarter. As it relates to investment clearly the incremental profit cash that will be generated is part of our ongoing evaluation of all our capital allocation assessment, right. So, ConAgra is a growth story. So we're always looking at investments to increase shareowner value. So whether it's CapEx, and obviously there's benefits now of more immediate deduction related to CapEx, total marketing which we've started to accelerate that investment in the second quarter, as we've just talked about, technology investments, human resources, even things like the pension plan and things that we could do around that. So we're constantly looking at those things, and we're in the process of doing that. So as we move forward we'll be more transparent on decisions we make around that, but we're making those evaluations as we always do with our capital.
Dave Marberger: Yes, we're not going to give specific quarterly guidance on anything, particularly EPS or whatever else. What I will say is that as you look at inflation we've obviously taken our estimate up for the year. There are dynamics in the third quarter with inflation and with the volume that we shipped in the second quarter for Grocery and Snacks. Another dynamic is that, if you remember last year in the fourth quarter, we started to see inflation hitting us. So we will start to wrap on it in the fourth quarter. So that's why as you look at the second-half we wont see quite as much inflation as based on our estimates now in the fourth quarter as opposed to the third quarter. So there are the dynamics, but I'm not going to give specific EPS for Q3 or Q4 just given all the different dynamics.
Dave Marberger: And just to add to that, because I can say that if you look at the $11 million reduction in A&P in the second quarter the amount of increase in trade of the line that supported distribution, including slotting, and all the investments to get additional distribution more than offset that $11 million. We don't give specific numbers on total trade, but that is clearly the case for the A&P being more than offset by the investment in distribution.
Dave Marberger: Chris, it really varies by commodity area. So certain commodities we can lock in, certain ones we can't. So proteins we don't have as much ability to do that. Obviously we're halfway through the year so in certain commodities we're pretty locked in. So I would say animal proteins would be the biggest area of still potential exposure given any volatility in the market.
