Sean Connolly: Right. Sure, Andrew. Let me hit that elasticities and stimulus. I’d say, our year-to-go outlook takes into consideration everything that we have seen in the marketplace to-date as well as our planned pricing and merchandising actions in the year-to-go period. I will tell you that I see with respect to elasticities a major difference in the marketplace today in terms of how consumers are assessing value versus what I have historically seen in the past. Previously, a consumer’s comparison of choices was between close proximity items inside the grocery store. Today, due to the demographic dynamics I talked about around young consumers home nesting, as well as the huge move to working from home, the biggest comparison taking place from a value standpoint is between away-from-home choices and at-home choices. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the consumer is showing us that modernized national brands like ours are offering superior relative value and that’s having a positive impact on elasticities that we expect to continue, but we have factored in our year-to-go actions. In terms of reduced stimulus payments particularly SNAP, the short answer is we don’t believe that the eventual end to the emergency allotments in the SNAP program is going to create a material headwind to our business, and fundamentally it comes back to that superior relative value of our portfolio versus alternatives. But let me unpack this one a bit because I know it’s been kind of a hot topic. Since the start of the pandemic, consumers were actually able to reduce their overall food spending significantly and that reduction was driven by the mix shift from higher priced food away-from-home to lower priced food at-home, and at the same time, that consumers have been able to save money on food because of that shift to food at-home, many have also been receiving these COVID-related stimulus payments on multiple fronts, including for some higher SNAP benefits. Now as this one component of consumer cash flow changes, that is as the emergency allotments in the SNAP program sunset, we are not seeing and we don’t expect to see a meaningful shift away from the newly created behaviors we talked about around eating national brands at home. There are a few things that I think you need to keep in mind here. First, the reduction in SNAP dollars in the total ecosystem is already happening as a slow peeling back. It’s not a cliff. Now to that point, the number of individuals receiving any SNAP benefits today has been declining versus pandemic highs already and individual states are ending waivers and emergency allotments on their own schedules. It’s not a one-time event. Second, I’d say recent permanent changes to the SNAP program have actually raised core continuing SNAP benefits to a level that is higher than pre-pandemic. So the core SNAP consumer who has also benefited from other stimulus is going to have higher SNAP budget coming out of the pandemic than they did pre-pandemic. And then, third, the USDA forecast that food away-from-home prices are going to rise faster than food at-home prices and that maintains the value proposition of food at-home for consumers. And then, finally, I’d just say, and perhaps, most importantly, the early data does not show that as SNAP benefits and consumer behavior changes relative to food at-home. We are, as you can imagine, closely watching the states where emergency allotments have already ended and we have not yet seen a significant change in consumers’ purchases of packaged foods. And that we believe is, because as I said, our brands are offering superior relative value versus both away-from-home alternatives and store brands, especially given the huge move to working from home.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I would not think of it that way, Bryan. The money that is spent in brand building above the line, there’s all kinds of investments in there. Traditional merchandising is one of them. My comments in the prepared remarks today were basically about not being as aggressive as we typically would on normal in-store merchandising. And so that piece of it, we have been very consistent on since the part -- start of the pandemic, because it just doesn’t make sense to stimulate excess demand when you are already having trouble servicing the demand you have got. The other investments that we make above the line have been robust for several years now and that won’t change, because that’s where we get to some of the best ROI we get in brand building. It’s everything from investing in COGS for all into product innovation and packaging innovation we do, to investing with our customers to get the right merchandise, to get the right physical placement on the shelf in terms of getting our new items in the store, getting the right kind of support in store, investing with our customers on things like sampling and in-store theater. So those investments are really brand-building investments, and those have continued strong. The piece of the above the line that I was referring to was exclusively that merchandising piece. And then, with respect to the A&P being up in the quarter, that as I have said before, can change any given quarter depending upon what our innovation agenda is. We have a new item hitting in the marketplace that we want a spotlight and A&P is the right way to go, particularly in e-commerce, which we continue to drive, we will put that money there. So that will move around quarter-to-quarter, but no philosophical changes in the way we spend.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. The things are on the move clearly, David, and we can see it. Some things had begun to improve more recently and then you got Omicron comes in. So things are still moving in terms of multiple things going in different directions. But we do see some of these friction points improving based on our best available information right now as we kind of move out of Q3 and into Q4 and that’s important -- that’s part of what helps the gross margin piece improve in Q4. But there’s more to it than that in terms of gross margin recovery in the fourth quarter, and frankly, beyond the fourth quarter. And I’d come back to the big picture, which is the key to navigating these acute inflationary cycles is two things, A, brands that resonate with consumers, and B, perseverance. Because the former enables implementation of inflation driven pricing and a benign consumer response to that pricing, we have both of those things in place and that’s critically important for this company. The latter perseverance is an important reminder that once you wrap acute inflation with pricing in place and strong demand material improvements, they can come pretty quickly and so sharp inflections are fairly common when these two things are in place, pricing and benign consumer response. And all the data we have suggests that consumers particularly our younger ones are seeing our products as being in that value sweet spot between away-from-home and store brands, and it’s driven by demographic dynamics and a huge move to working from home. So all of that says, we are coming to kind of the end of this really challenging period as we kind of get into Q4 and that’s a good setup on the other side.
Sean Connolly: Well, I would just say that I think the pricing is getting through. We have certainly been very upfront with our customers about the true cost inflation we are experiencing and what we believe is the justified action or in this case, actions -- consecutive actions to take price. And different -- we don’t control what customers do with the price they put on shelf. But I’d say, on average, they tend to pass it through pretty close to the way we pass it through to them. There may be some that take a small margin grab, equally there may be some that compress because they want to gain market share. So it tends to come out in awash and it tends to be pretty much in lockstep. But what I would say is keep following the scanner data, because we anticipate that the pricing actions that we take are going to show up in that scanner data. It’s unfolded thus far, Jon, pretty consistently with what we expected.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Alexia, the -- we have made, if you -- even if you look within our A&P line, a lot of the investments that we -- if you look at our total A&P pot, it’s changed dramatically in the last seven years in terms of what we spend it on, much less in-line TV and things like that, that you have heard me talk about before that are inefficient. So instead today we put those investments into social and digital platforms, but also importantly into e-commerce. So I would say, we made the decision a few years back to treat e-commerce as a bit of a start-up business and we said we are going to invest in it. So we have been, I would say, over investing relative to other areas in e-commerce because it’s far more elastic. We see the business. We get the purchases started in consumers’ basket and it’s both pure blood e-trailers and brick-and-mortar retailers who have built out their e-commerce platforms. Both of them have been very high-growth areas for us and very strong investment areas for us. And what we found is that, there is a good ROI on these investments in e-commerce, because once we invest to kind of getting into the getting into consumer repertoire and are part of their shopping algorithm online it that translates to a repeat purchase. So we get them when they come back whatever the purchase cycle is for that product. So that’s been one of our key marketing shift there is to go hard after e-commerce the last few years, and we are very happy with the returns and that’s why we continue to invest there. We will move around from quarter-to-quarter and when you look at the percent comps, it also can be a bit misleading, because it’s a function of whatever we did in the base period. We might have -- we might be wrapping a huge base year in any given quarter when you see a relative dip, but you see large absolute growth. So, overall, it’s a big priority for us. It’s working really well and you would be amazed at the kinds of products that are working well in e-commerce. Frozen, for example, is one that you may not think of intuitively as being very successful in e-commerce, but it is and these are profitable sales for us.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. We call this the renewal rate, the percentage of our annual sales that comes from stuff we have launched in the past three years and we have gotten to about 15% from back in the day we started, we were about 9%. And that’s -- I like that level and because what it reflects is that and it’s a persistent amount of innovation, because consumers have new benefit areas that they become interested in every single year. For example, last year, healthy choice, we are already wrapping huge numbers on Power Bowls, but we went with the grain-free trend, which was a big thing, and it’s been a big success for us innovation-wise. So we try to be out ahead of our competition using our demand science team in terms of emerging trends and it’s interesting, because many times when we are bringing out the new trend, our competitors are just catching up and they are launching a knockoff of last year’s stuff. And so that keeping out in front of these trends, I would say, will continue to be an important part of our innovation repertoire.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. No. And you summarized it well, Andrew. Let me try to walk through it, so I can kind of hit the kind of the big puts and takes. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we expect Q3 operating margins to be roughly in line with Q2 margins and then Q4 margins up. If you look at the puts and takes from Q2 to Q3, we have increased our total inflation estimate for the year from 11% to 14%, so now we expect second half inflation to approximate 11.5%, and that’s off of a prior year inflation that was about 6.5%. We also expect that some of the additional costs we incurred in the second quarter to support shipments and getting product to consumers will continue into the third quarter given the continued challenges in supply chain. We are forecasting that this complexity will gradually improve as we approach Q4 and the March timeframe. The additional pricing actions, which are critical, we announced in December and they were accepted and we have a small impact in Q3 given the timing, but we will have a much bigger impact on Q4 from the pricing. So the pricing has been announced, it’s been accepted and we have very good visibility to that for forecasting purposes. So Q4 will benefit meaningfully from these pricing actions. We expect price/mix to approximate 10% in the fourth quarter as we will start to catch up with the inflation and the reduced pricing lag that impacted us through the first half and will impact Q3. Q4, as you mentioned, will also benefit from the decline in incremental cost to support shipments that I just referenced, as well as a decline in some of the transitory costs that hit us in Q2 as well. So it’s important to note that, although we expect meaningful improvement in Q4, we are still forecasting higher inflation, as I mentioned. So if you look at our cost per unit of volume, we expect that to continue to increase and H2 before being offset by the pricing and Q4.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So let me get the first part of your question, Ken. So, yeah, we were impacted $0.02 to $0.03 in the quarter from incremental transitory costs and that included higher overtime across all of our supply chain operations, given the labor challenges and higher inventory write-offs. Regarding the inventory, in this environment, it’s no secret the end-to-end supply chain has been strained. We are moving fast to meet demand as are our suppliers. So our food safety and quality standards are the highest priority for this company and include product from suppliers that we use as well. We have thorough processes for ensuring that the raw materials and finished goods meet our standards before they are utilized, and if not, we write them off. And that’s what happened in Q2, we do believe that this impact is transitory in nature as we move into the third quarter. So we always have some level of inventory write-offs, but this was higher than we expected for those reasons.
Dave Marberger: … and there are multiple facets and we each have run into challenges, it tends to have a bit of a compound effect and this is the kind of friction that you see during those kind of transitory windows.
Dave Marberger: Sure. I think on the interest expense, I think, that number is in line, the number that you quoted the $3.80. Ardent, we had benefit in the quarter, which you saw and we expect to continue to have benefits. So we see upside in Ardent and that contributes to our EPS, call it, $2.50. So we have upside in Ardent year-to-go. And the tax rate should be in line with the 23% guide that we have. We are a little favorable this quarter slightly, but that’s the right rate to use.
Dave Marberger: Sure. David, let me give you a kind of a high level bridge. So we clearly had the benefit of pricing. We always combine price/mix, right? So we did have unfavorable mix in the quarter. Primary driver of that is because our away-from-home segment was up 15% and that’s a lower margin segment. So you get the unfavorable segment mix there and there is some unfavorable brand mix embedded in the business, but away-from-home is the big driver there. You are right, we have productivity and sourcing combined. We had over 500 basis points of favorability there or improvement. But then the additional supply chain costs that we incurred that I went through plus absorption hit us because volumes were down. We had forecasted that, but that’s in those numbers. So that’s a headwind for the additional supply chain costs outside of inflation, which we show separately. So that’s a high-level bridge to get you to the 620 basis points.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So from a price/mix perspective, we are estimating price/mix now will be approximately 6% for the year. So Q3 should be in line with Q2, and as I mentioned, Q4 price/mix, we expect to be at about 10%. So, clearly, there’s a benefit there. We continue to expect our productivity to click along as it’s done both our core productivity and our sourcing benefit. So that will continue to track. We laid out the inflation and kind of what that looks like. So they are really the key drivers and then, as I mentioned, David, the cost we got hit with in Q2, the transitory costs, we really expect those to start to go down in Q3 and into Q4. And then some of the incremental cost to support selling and getting product on shelves, that will continue through Q3 and then we expect that to decline in Q4. So that’s a high level kind of bridge there.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. David, let me get back to you on that, because there are so many different components of cost. I want to go through that to make sure that I classify it right.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Jon, I would just say to my previous point, mix does impact that 6, 8 number. So we had some negative mix in the quarter.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Just on the transitory costs, the piece that’s inventory related, Rob, that I discussed earlier, we do see that as transitory as we get into the third quarter, so that will come down. And then volume, our internal forecast, our volume declines -- our volume has declined a little bit in our internal forecast. It’s not significant, but it is down. And as Sean said, the way we do this is we go brand-by-brand, category-by-category and we look at our demand science models and determine the elasticity. So it’s a bottoms-up forecast of impacts on volume based on the brand and category where we pricing, so that’s how we got to it. But volume is a little bit down versus where it was in the previous forecast.
