Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. We're pleased with the results of our fiscal 2013 fourth quarter, capping off a transformational and successful year for ConAgra Foods. For the fourth quarter, we posted EPS of $0.60 on a comparable basis, which is 18% growth. This brought our comparable EPS to $2.16 for the year, which is 17% growth and above the full year goal we shared with you previously. Consumer Foods volume increased for the quarter as we expected. This is a significant improvement from volume trends seen earlier this year, which were impacted by past price increases. Operating profits for the Consumer Foods and Commercial Foods segments grew and the operating performance for the Ralcorp business came in as planned. All in all, a good performance. We continue to make good progress on integrating the Ralcorp business and have established the operating structure for our new company. As part of the integration process, we have identified additional synergies and increased our fiscal 2017 synergy goal by a significant amount. And we've already repaid a significant amount of debt, which is a very, very good progress toward our fiscal 2015 debt reduction target. John and I will provide more detail on those accomplishments this morning and share our goals for fiscal year '14 and beyond. After that, we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, Tom McGough, recently appointed President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, happy to, Andrew. What you mentioned about fear of -- or concern about scale, we've heard it a couple of times, but it's very scattered. I wouldn't say that it's prevalent. And the way that we've addressed that is really talking about you're able to, as a customer, really leverage a lot of the smaller suppliers to do a lot of kind of special projects that bigger guys might not see as being very efficient in their supply chain. And what we've talked about is let's think very holistically, that we're willing to do some of those one-offs because the pot in terms of the total business opportunities are so much greater. That is -- that works extremely well virtually every time that we have that discussion. I'd say what we feel best about coming out of those discussions is the understanding that it's going to take a little time but that we are going to get the sales structure in a much better place. Our vision is to have one ConAgra point person at the head of each customer and then the organization splits underneath that. So knowing that there's going to be one ConAgra with dedicated resources to the branded side and dedicated resources to the private brand side and more resources than we have today on the private branded side is very welcome. And the second is they are extremely excited about our innovation capabilities that we've demonstrated on the consumer side of the business that they have seen. And they are very excited about the opportunity to leverage that on the private brand side. And in fact, we have some of those big customers coming to Omaha, already scheduled, just to work through that.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And David, what I would say is having been in this industry forever, being able to -- starting with the year that we just finished, being able to commit to 5 straight years of double-digit EPS growth while still staying committed to strong dividend is pretty compelling. So we plan with the appropriate level of risk management and I think we're quite pleased where we are.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. And I would just add that we are staying disciplined on our pricing architecture. We're certainly going to be competitive, but we're staying disciplined there.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. You heard me talk earlier about those customer meetings. I'll tell you 2 reasons why we believe that we can impact the top line on Ralcorp. And we're not shooting for the moon here, but we do expect that we can drive better top line growth starting later this year. And those 2 reasons are: one, as we mentioned, Ralcorp's own restructuring efforts that started maybe 6 months or so before the acquisition frankly cut the organization too deeply, particularly on the sales front; and number two, as we've said before, Ralcorp got upside-down on a few key commodities and priced beyond the appropriate price gaps in some categories at some customers. So we are very diligently working on both issues. Obviously, it takes some time to get it right and to work through the system, including getting the pricing all the way to the shelf, but it's very much in process. So we're in this for the long haul and we're going to do it right. And that's why we have so much confidence in those numbers.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I think the benefit there is we will be able to reverse some of the price gap issues that we've had. And again, that takes time to work through the system, Jason, as you know, but I think that's where the real benefit comes from. That top line, it'll take a bit of time, but we'll see a better performance there because of that.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements. And while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and impact our expected results, perhaps materially, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website. Now, I'll turn it back -- the call back over to Gary. Thank you.
Chris Klinefelter: David, this is Chris. So the thing that I would offer on that is I think your general logic is right. We're assuming mid-single-digit performance in the base business and the aggregate contribution of the synergies is largely what you're saying. The other thing to mention about the reason that we're signing up for a mid-single-digit performance in base business is, as you've heard us talk about our capital allocation priority during -- particularly during the early years of owning Ralcorp, it's toward debt reduction. So in our prior EPS long-term goal of kind of 6% to 8%, we did have a point or 2 from allocating capital that we don't have. So with that, yes, the rest of your math works.
Chris Klinefelter: Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Andrew, this is John. Let me try to take those pieces. First of all, I think on the synergies, I do think the large portion of the additional synergies are going to take time, so I'd say we're probably going to get a little bit more benefit in FY '14. I would say related to our expectations about the base EBIT for Ralcorp, I'd say those are still in line with what we've talked about earlier, approximately $400 million. And then is there some conservatism in there? I think the straightforward answer is, yes, there probably is a little bit of a contingency in our plans. I think everybody can appreciate that we're just starting out the first full year of ownership. We're in the process of changing the organization. So I think it's only prudent that we plan for some disruption as we move the organization around.
John F. Gehring: Yes. So David, this is John. A couple of things to keep in mind. There is a fair amount of seasonality in this business. So I think to take any 3-month period and multiply it by 4 probably doesn't land you necessarily in the right place. A lot of seasonality, in particular in the fall and -- particularly in the fall, where you have strength. So the other thing I'd say is there have been some areas -- there are some softness in some of the categories. There's also some business that we've walked away from -- or collectively, we've walked away from around some co-packing things that were in the base, which accounts for some of the softness right now. I would expect, in terms of the impact that our changes are going to have on reversing some of the trends, I think that's going to be more in the back half of our fiscal year. It's going to take us time to -- not that we're not working on things right now, but I think to really fully deploy our capabilities, to fully align our sales teams against this business and really start to have an impact with customers is probably going to be late in the fiscal year, second half.
John F. Gehring: Yes. Akshay, this is John. Let me start with that, then I might turn it over to others for some comments. But I think as others have highlighted the math, the earnings growth is driven an awful lot by the synergies. That's what's driving the math. We feel very confident about the source of those synergies. And just to reiterate things we've talked about earlier, most of those synergies are going to come from our supply chain. We have good line of sight in terms of the opportunities, in terms of procurement and as well as opportunities we think we have around rationalizing manufacturing and logistics networks. Those latter 2 tend to take more time. The other thing I would just point out mechanically is those synergies apply to the whole enterprise, not just to the Ralcorp business. So as those synergies are realized, what you'll actually see is some additional tailwinds apply to some of the other businesses. The other thing that I think we feel very good about is the fact that we see an opportunity in the marketplace. We see good tailwinds that we believe in, in terms of the long-term tailwinds from -- and trends in private label. We think we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on that. And when we look at the kinds of customer relationships we have, combined with the customer relationships that the Ralcorp team brings, we do think there is a 1 plus 1 equals 3. And maybe I'll have Gary comment a little bit more on the customer side.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I think across our whole portfolio, Jason, we're looking at low single digits. I'd call that probably in the 2% to 3% range right now as we enter the year.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I don't know that -- I wouldn't view it as a windfall. I think we've got the problem out of the way. And this is on some of the limit areas where they had some issues. And as we look at a very, very large buy across the whole enterprise, I'm not sure any benefits there would be significant.
John F. Gehring: Yes. And Eric, on the Ralcorp question, this is John, I'll take that. Kind of consistent with my comments earlier, I think '14, we're going to work to stabilize the business and I think we'll start to see some improvement in the back half of FY '14. As I commented earlier, I think 2015 will be a year where we start to see some organic growth in that Ralcorp business. And then from there out to 2018, I would just expect us to see a gradual improvement as we'll then start to approach that higher growth rate over time. So kind of stabilized improvement in '15 and gradual or sequential improvement after that.
John F. Gehring: Sure. Alexia, you're right about the price gaps. That's one of the places where it's the most egregious and we will get those price gaps back to the appropriate levels. We also have a pretty significant amount of innovation coming in that space and we think we can do even more there with our innovation capabilities. And then probably, most importantly, while cereal is certainly an important category for us, we have a very, very broad portfolio. So there may be some more challenges in some categories than others, more opportunities in some than others, so I wouldn't really speak to the macro in cereal from our perspective. I'd probably leave that best to the bigger branded players.
John F. Gehring: Yes. I'm not going to provide a lot of details here. I think from a timeline standpoint, I think some of the early activities you're expecting in integration and some of the early costs, I think, are already underway. And we talked about those in some of our comparability items the last couple of quarters, things related to severance, et cetera. And I think some of those will go on for a few more quarters. I think the things that are a little harder to quantify right now will be things related really to changing our manufacturing network, optimizing our logistics networks. I think as you can appreciate, those questions tend to be fairly complex. We do a lot of modeling and a lot of complex planning on that. So I don't have specific numbers, but as I said in my comments, we're confident that the cash requirements for those are not going to cause any significant change in our capital allocation plans or debt repayment plans. We think that will all be very manageable within the cash resources we have and the commitments we've made.
