Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Happy Holidays. This is Gary Rodkin and I am here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. Over the next few minutes, John and I will provide our views about the strategic operating and financial aspects of the quarter but before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters. 
Gary Rodkin: I just want to make really clear right up front what’s driving the growth in the frozen foods really is about the fundamental changes that we’ve made to the business and that’s really about the innovation in the marketing. There really is not a deep discounting [renting] volume with irrational prices or unsustainable promotions.  It truly is that at all and just to put some facts to it, over the last four, 12 and 52-week periods, Healthy Choice has had the highest average price per unit at retail of any directly competitive offering which means consumers keep coming back for the food. Certainly our pricing is competitive but what’s really driving our sales volume and market share is the strong consumer pull, both on the base business and on the new items. 
Gary Rodkin: I think our pricing architecture and our analytics are so much better now on a real time basis. Andre’s team is all over it and I am confident that between our productivity and our knowledge of what we need to do at the shelf from a price gapping standpoint that we will be all over it.  But we still continue to believe that inflation will be pretty tame as compared to what it was the last several years. 
Gary Rodkin: We believe we’ve got the right competitive context built into our planning and into our merchandising plans so no change to our guidance. 
Gary Rodkin: We believe we’re at a good level that importantly the effectiveness, the impact of the dollars, is significantly greater than it used to be from a productivity standpoint so we’re confident that we’re able to spend against the priority brands in a way that’s meaningful.
Gary Rodkin: One last point on that, you certainly know traffic is down in restaurants at quick serves. QSR’s are the least impacted and that’s where we have the bulk of our business. 
Gary Rodkin: I believe that we are seeing things bottoming out. We still see inventory being tight at the customers clearly. And consumers as well. So people are buying more when they need it versus stocking up in a bigger way like they may be used to. But we are not seeing anything in terms of more degradation.  We believe that the eating at home will continue to be a trend. And that marketing innovation and smart merchandising will continue to drive volume. So we see a continuation of basically the current environment for awhile. 
Gary Rodkin: One last point on that, value is here to stay. We believe that and we believe that our portfolio is well set from a value standpoint and at the same time we are also proving that strong marketing and good innovation can drive equity. So we believe that one-two punch will continue. 
Gary Rodkin: I think that we’ve got our strategic platforms, convenient meals clearly is one of them near the top as well as potatoes. We’ve invested significantly against innovation in the robust pipeline that we see clearly offers more opportunities. As we said again, the growth platform on the incrementality of sweet potato so we do believe we’ve got a pretty broad array of opportunities and we’re hopefully going to be able to take advantage of those. 
Gary Rodkin: We’re growing well on both sides of it. In our private label business the places where we are really strategic, where we don’t have a branded presence like in our snack bars in particular, is quite strong and continues to be. But the branded side of our business is very strong as well. I would tell you overall as an industry, clearly there’s going to continue to be a place for private label particularly in this environment.  But the growth overall in the private label industry has slowed at the price gaps between branded and private label have narrowed a bit and we continue to believe that the power of brands to drive retailer traffic and consumers wanting choice and innovation will continue to make that the top priority for us. Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : And then in terms of your strategy of your broader strategy of having this sizable private label business, is it, could you talk about the rationale behind that. Is it base loading the plants, is it seeing the faster growth in private label versus branded over the next few years, and how do you balance that against effectively competing against yourself in some categories. 
Gary Rodkin: Yes, its really two sided. Offensively its places where we don’t play from a branded standpoint like the private label bars, granola bars, etc. fruit snacks. That’s the priority but the other side of it is where we defensively flank our high market share positions like a cooking spray or a whip topping, an egg beater, a Chef Boyardee, that’s where we basically use a strategy of power of two to give the branded product and the store brand. 
Chris Klinefeller: Good morning. During today’s remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements and while we are making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company’s direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. So if you would like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I will refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC which include cautionary language.  Also, we will be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today and the reconciliations of those measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release or on our website under the financial reports and filings link, and then choosing non-GAAP reconciliations.  In reference to Regulation G, I will note that our reported diluted EPS from continuing operations of $0.55 has $0.03 of net benefit from items impacting comparability as detailed in the press release, resulting in EPS of $0.52 on a comparable basis for this quarter.  On that same basis, the $0.38 of diluted EPS from continuing operations reported in the prior year quarter contained $0.05 of net expense from items impacting comparability, resulting in EPS of $0.43 on a comparable basis.  Now I’ll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefeller: The statistics we cited were that we increased it by about $24 million which was slightly north of 25%. And its not necessarily smooth across every quarter so the number you’re citing on a full year basis, the $450 is slightly high. As far as what we’re talking about, we’re talking about things that are within the income statement, below the gross profit lines. We’re not talking about trade spending. 
Chris Klinefeller: As far as identifying individual projects, we really don’t go that level of detail. You’ve heard us talk about the sweet potato opportunity, that’s about the extent of what we’d like to discuss as far as that goes.  But we do have a robust set of options and look at them rigorously. As far as giving categories that’s generally, we generally don’t comment on that level of detail. As John mentioned they’ve got to have a strategic fit and a strong financial hurdle, that’s about all we’re comfortable saying. 
Chris Klinefeller: This concludes our conference call and just as a reminder this conference call is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our new release. As always we are available for discussions. Thank you very much and Happy Holidays from ConAgra Foods.
Andre Hawaux: I would say its pretty consistent with what we’re seeing in the marketplace. We haven’t seen, other than what you may have seen, if you looked at the 13 weeks, the last four week period for us was a little softer and that really talks to the timing of promotional events that we had which we in our quarter much more front loaded and that will happen. That’s why we really stayed focused on the quarter versus the four-week data, but exactly what Gary talked about. 
Andre Hawaux: Let me take that, so in the non-measured channels the areas where we were hurt the most were as follows. One is in the convenience channel and that’s really largely driven by Slim Jim and that’s all that that was in that channel. And second is we’ve been proactive in the food service space and have actually discontinued a lot of SKUs as we prune that business to better reflect the simplicity we want to put through our supply chain and those kind of things.  So I’d say in terms of continuing the last several weeks we’ve been up to about a 95% service level in C store business with Slim Jim, so that will actually get better as we go into the calendar year so we don’t foresee that becoming a problem for us. In food service we still have a little bit more work to do. So I’d say that’s probably the only thing that potentially will continue but we also see the bulk of that heavy load that we’ve done there already through the system.  We have some, little bit more work to do in food service. 
Andre Hawaux: Absolutely not, the way our plans are built we see ourselves with growth in the back half of the year. I would caution the listeners though to remind themselves that we have 53 week last year so in terms of what will happen in Q4, they’ll be some comparability issue there, but on like to like we see growth in our consumer foods business in both unit and dollars. 
Andre Hawaux: I would tell you that the impact has really been immaterial for us because we’ve been extremely proactive, in other words, out in front of the customers push. We’ve had a program called active SKU management and that has worked extremely well for us. That has helped us from a productivity standpoint as you can imagine, longer production runs, less inventory. If you were out of stocks, simple choice for the consumer. And net net there’s some wins for us in some customers. There’s a bit of SKU rationalization in others but net net basically immaterial. 
Andre Hawaux: What has to happen is a continuation of what we’ve seen so far, certainly what we’ve seen over the last 26 weeks, and that’s that we’ll be rational in terms of what we do in they marketplace. We’ll continue to lead with our marketing and our innovation that we’ve brought to bear in the category. Nothing outlandish for us to be able to deliver our algorithm. 
Andre Hawaux: And as Gary said in his prepared remarks you also noticed that we also launched a very big campaign in our meal enhancer categories around Hunt’s in the crash kitchen tour. We had a nice programming with Ro*Tel and also with Manwich in that platform so we had a lot of new campaigns out that we launched which is really resonating with consumers and we feel good and what’s leading to our volume growth. 
Andre Hawaux: I’m not sure if Gary’s left me with anything else to say on that. I think we feel very good about the plans we have for the back half of the year. Again like everybody else we are concerned about the overall the consumers’ health and what’s going in the broader economy but we see our business in the back half of the year fairly robust. So we feel good about that. 
Andre Hawaux: That last part of your question probably throws my answer into a little bit of a flux. I believe and we’ve talked about this before that our Banquet product is an opening price point in frozen, it’s a very relevant brand to a lot of our customers and obviously to consumers. So we believe that the work we’ve done there on frozen transformation and specifically the Banquet transformation has really helped that business and its become more and more relevant in this economy as value takes hold.  And it does provide the consumer with a very good meal and its that magic dollar price point that we strive to hit with that product and we’ve done really well with that. And I don’t think it has anything to do with, the brand doesn’t have anything else to bring forward as well. I think that would be one brand that we would certainly highlight in our portfolio. 
Andre Hawaux: So again the benefit between the 2% to 3% that you mentioned was largely driven by mix. We did not have a significant ramp up in our trade spending this quarter versus last quarter. I think that’s the bulk of your question. And our list prices, we’re discounting off of higher list prices obviously which we had taken off last year so on a percentage basis that looks a little distorted but for the most part we did not see significant trade spending increases in this particular quarter. Eric Serotta – Consumer Edge Research : And shifting gears a bit, you are in a relatively unique situation or have some unique perspectives having, relative to some of your peers, having a large or a sizable private label business in addition to your branded business, I wondering whether you could give us some perspective as to what you’re seeing in terms of the relative performance of the private label versus the branded and what the retailer response or retailer interest is in the two areas. 
Andre Hawaux: Overall we’re seeing in all of our strategic pillars, we are seeing increases in our points of distribution and I’d say the lion’s share of that or the strength has been in our convenient meal platform both shelf stable and frozen. With respect to our specialty businesses, our specialty pillar, which is where some of the managed for cash brands that you alluded to sit and reside, we’ve actually done very well in holding our own.  Given the brands that we have in that portfolio there has not been a ton of innovation there, and I would also say that those businesses have been very strong, some of the markets there are high share businesses for us and we’ve held our own. We’ve not seen ourselves lose points of distribution there. But we probably have gained the fewest in that space. 
Andre Hawaux: Yes, we’ve got some really neat things that I’m not going to necessarily share with you right now, but I think you’ll see it on your supermarket shelves soon largely led by our convenient meal platform. We’ve got some interesting things we’re doing with snacks as well. So they’ll be in the marketplace later on in the third quarter. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Congratulations on the quarter, first thing I wanted to do was make sure I understand what you’re talking about on the guidance so effectively the way to look at this in comparison to last quarter’s guidance is really the number is $1.78 and then you had to take $0.05 out because you’re not going to recognize the business interruption insurance, I think I have that right. Stop me if I don’t. The second part of the same question though would simply be that next year in F11, the $0.05 will kind of “reappear” because Slim Jim will be operating back at 100% so the first fiscal quarter and the second fiscal quarter of F11 we’ll see the number come through on the operations side, is that correct. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Great performance, the second question is just simply on marketing, I think you said marketing was up 25% for the quarter, that’s an enormous number, can you put this in perspective of what you expect the full year marketing budget to be up. 
David Driscoll - Citigroup: I just wanted to ask you a little bit more, in the branded food business are you, do you estimate that you are holding or gaining total distribution. I’m curious about this because in the past we’ve had so much conversation about your “managed for cash” brands I wanted to get your sense for the health of the overall business and then maybe you can make a comment on the managed for cash as well. 
John Gehring: First of all your first analysis, we would concur with. The $1.73 assumes now we’re not going to get that recovery. Just to be clear the recovery when its recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2011 we will call that out as a comparability item when we are able to book the income but you will then also see a base business next year that is back up to more normalized levels and therefore will be lapping the essentially the divot we had in earnings this year because of not being in the marketplace. 
John Gehring: I don’t know that we want to get into specifics of exactly percentages but we will be up year over year on a comparable basis with our marketing spend for the total year. 
John Gehring: The only thing I would add on that is our SKU rat that we’ve called out is principally based upon our food service SKUs that aren’t profitable, not really driven by the customer programs you’re hearing about. 
John Gehring: Let me start with our priorities, first of all I think as we’ve commented before we are committed to a healthy dividend. As we accumulate cash I think we will continue to evaluate various investment opportunities and that would include acquisitions that fit and have strong financial returns. We’ll also look at internal growth opportunities such as the sweet potato facility and while we do not currently have a share buyback authorization we will continue to evaluate share buyback as an element of our cash utilization strategy. I think as we previously noted we are committed to a strong investment grade credit rating and will remain focused on strengthening our balance sheet and maintaining that strong liquidity in this environment. So we’re going to continue to evaluate share buyback as an option. 
Eric Katzman: Happy holidays, two questions, I guess first one on consumer, I think you said that your advertising and promotional budget was up 25 or 24% so that means that you’re running I guess at around a $450 million annual rate and that’s I guess I’m trying to understand one is, is that advertising and below the line promotion or is that advertising plus the promo between gross and net sales. Can you define that a little bit more and did promotion impact your top line this quarter one way or the other in the consumer business. 
Eric Katzman: So if you’re running let’s say 5.5% to 6% of consumer sales annualized, that’s a pretty good level. 
Eric Katzman: And then just on the commercial side, it sounds like things have gotten a bit tougher. I know the business or that division overall has done very well the last few years. You’ve kind of signaled that its going to be a bit tougher but I was kind of surprised that you mentioned I guess that there was some excess capacity in the system and that was creating price based competition and then at the same time you’re adding capacity in frozen potatoes. So how do we think about that going forward. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: Happy holidays, I just had one question, a bit of a follow-up but I wanted to ask about your product mix in the quarter in the consumer foods business, and when you talk about brands like Hunt’s growing pretty strongly, I’m just curious how did mix perform. Would that have been a mix degradation both from a sales and profit standpoint for consumer foods. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then in terms of your FX effect on the business, I know its very small but it was a little bigger than I thought last quarter and [inaudible] this quarter, should that be positive going forward, anything meaningful to call out there on the FX side. 
Chris Growe - Stifel Nicolaus: And then on corporate expense, SG&A was up quite a bit this quarter, is that all just compensation accruals, is that how we look at it.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I thought it was a great quarter and I guess I’m just scratching my head on why the stock isn’t up more, can you remind us about your share repurchase program. You’re generating a lot of cash this year, I can see a scenario where its strong again in fiscal 2011, can you talk a little bit about how big it is and your priorities for your cash. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I think that you’re probably going to get this question from some other investors in the months ahead, so maybe you could give us a little bit of an insight on what are the other projects internally that you think are, that would stand out as high return projects that you think that you could invest in and then if you make acquisitions, what areas of the, what categories do you think you would want to go into. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: I guess the reason I asked it that way is if people took a step back and looked at ConAgra people don’t think of it as a company that has a ton of huge reinvestment opportunities. But it does generate a lot of cash and [inaudible] cash used for share repurchase that it would be, it might help you in the eyes of investors. That’s more of a [inaudible] piece there so, thank you. 
