Dave Marberger: Yes. No, I think that’s a great explanation of the mechanics of this, Andrew. I think as you look at H2, we would expect that the gross margin change in the second half to be pretty consistent with what we saw in Q2 around that 300 basis points. And what I’ll point you to is – excuse me, you really need to look at the relationship of price/mix that we deliver each quarter versus the market inflation each quarter going back to the fourth quarter of ‘21. Conagra got hit with inflation earlier and to a much higher level than most food companies. And so we came out of the gate and it impacted our margin significantly, very quickly. So if you just look at fiscal ‘22, we had inflation every quarter that was 16% to 17%. And we never got to that level of pricing even in the fourth quarter. In fact, our pricing Q1 of last year was only 1.6%. So our pricing ramped up, but had not caught up to that significant inflation. Q1 of this year, our pricing was at 14%. Inflation was 15%, so we were getting close. This quarter, pricing, 17%; market inflation is 11%. So it’s the first quarter where we’ve actually seen the flip. And now that, that flips there, Sean had a chart in his deck. That’s when you see the margin recover. So we saw it in Q2, and that delta is, we expect it to continue as we go forward each quarter. Now I will call out Q2 for Conagra is our highest sales quarter. So the absolute gross margin of 28.2% is usually our highest. But in terms of looking forward, look at the delta that we delivered in Q2 as being a proxy before going forward.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Cody. If you really look at this, you have to go back to the base, right? So when inflation started for us is similar to what I just said, inflation started hitting us in the fourth quarter of our fiscal ‘21. And then every quarter of fiscal ‘22, we were in the 16% to 17% range. So as we – as you look this year and we’re estimating 10% for the year, that may appear a little bit lower than maybe some others, but that’s off of a much higher base than others. So that’s just the percentages. In the quarter, we saw inflation in packaging. So our cans, and in some of the other packaging areas, some of the commodity areas like dairy and sweeteners and then vegetables, we do see inflation moderating in the protein area. You remember, particularly, poultry hit us hard. We are seeing that moderate. So as we go forward, we expect it to moderate, but it’s still off a very high base. And that’s our latest call based on the way we call inflation as market by market, we go through. And then remember, and you see this on our gross margin bridge, we have the sourcing component, right? So we always quote inflation as gross inflation based on market. And then based on how we lock it in with contracts or our hedges, the actual cost nets out in that sourcing line. So right now, for the quarter, our sourcing was a little negative just because we’re locked into some higher contracts in a couple of areas where the market has dropped.
Dave Marberger: Let me – why don’t I start and Sean, you can fill in. So Ken, from an SG&A perspective – and we had forecasted and guided at the beginning of the year that we expected SG&A to be increasing higher than sales and that’s indeed what we’re seeing. So if you look at Q2 and the increase in SG&A, that’s a reasonable estimate to estimate our H2 second half increase in SG&A. And that’s basically investments that we’re making in automation and in our people. And there is some incentive compensation increase in there, partially from this year, but partially wrapping on last year. So they are really the big drivers of SG&A. We are expecting A&P to ramp. So we came in higher this quarter at 2.4%. And we expect that to continue to ramp up in H2 as well. Sean anything to...
Dave Marberger: Yes, just to build on that. And David, back to something I said earlier, for H2 gross margins, we expect that delta of approximately 300 basis points to hold. So, that – translated to that chart, that just means that, that relationship for the second half will continue, right, where the sales per unit and the price per unit is above the cost because we are – we have already incurred that inflation. Our 3-year inflation number, when you use the 10% estimate for this year, is 33%. So, we have significant inflation that’s in our base. We are now catching up to that. So, that drives that margin improvement for the second half.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I would just add. I think David, when you start looking quarter-to-quarter and then at the segment level, because these are shipments and there is timing, you are going to get some dynamics. I would just pivot and say, if you look at our first half, we are shipping at 9%, and consumption is 10%. So, we have always said, we shipped the consumption. That’s what’s happening. We feel good about where we are with retailer inventories. We feel good about our own inventories, the elasticities as we showed on the chart are at that sort of 0.5 level and they have been there. And that’s the entire portfolio. So, you do get some dynamics quarter-to-quarter, which Sean, described. But generally, we are tracking in line with consumption.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Max, that’s all timing. We are still prioritizing investing in capacity and automation in our supply chain, which we have talked about. So, that’s all just timing for the fiscal year.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I would just add to your question about margins. So, if you look at the Q2 bridge that we have in the deck, the operating margin bridge, you see the productivity and other cost of goods sold at plus 1.3% of margin points. And once we get to a more normalized supply chain operation, we would expect that to improve. We are not going to give specific numbers, but that’s where you would see it in the margins.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Rob, I would just say, we are not going to comment on calendar year. But if you just look at – again, it goes back to looking quarter-by-quarter in the prior year, and what our price/mix was by quarter. And as you look at last year, last fiscal ‘22, each quarter, our pricing ramped up, right. So, H1 last year, our price/mix was roughly 4.5%. H2 of last year, it was about 11%, right. So, as we look at H2 this year, we are wrapping on a much higher price number. So, you could expect that the price/mix component of our H2 to be lower because we are wrapping on an 11% versus 4.5% in the first half. So, that’s the way to think about it, but it’s – that’s the same thing happening with inflation as well. That’s why that margin increase – that gross margin increase I talked about earlier, we expect to continue.
Sean Connolly: Well, as you know, Cody, we – going into COVID – at the beginning of COVID, we performed extremely well in the peer set. And I made the point then that, that was not entirely a function of just people being forced to eat in their home. It was in part due to the fact that we’ve taken one of the largest portfolios of food in North America and completely overhauled it in terms of modernization and makeover during prior to COVID hitting. So that when COVID hit, we had many, many new households that we’re finding all these new innovations for the first time. And as I pointed out repeatedly over the last couple of years, our repeat performance and depth of repeat with those new households that we’ve gathered has been remarkably strong. So you put all that together, along with the fact that a lot of these younger consumers that spend so much time eating away from home pre-pandemic are still eating in the home now because prices are so high away from home. That has conspired to lead to benign elasticities overall for our industry. And as we pointed out before, our elasticities not only remained low versus historical norms, but they are consistent and they are among the lowest, if not the lowest, in the entire peer group. So it’s always a function of your brand strength. And the other thing I would add is, recall, we spent a lot of time in the last few years exiting businesses that are more commoditized, where that were more susceptible to trade down and people – consumers shifting to private label. So cooking oil, peanut butter, liquid eggs, I could go on. We’ve done that. So we’ve done a lot of reshaping of the portfolio to be more resilient for a cycle like this, and we’re seeing it in the data.
Sean Connolly: Yes, the only – yes, on that, I would say, we do spend A&P, Ken. So we don’t do a lot of in-line TV because we don’t think it’s particularly effective. But we do spend A&P, and it does vary quarter-to-quarter depending upon the programs that we’ve got. As you know, it’s a lot of influencer type spend, digital spend, things like that. And so as we’ve got new innovations unfolding, we do back them based on the windows where we’ve got products coming to market. So there – you will see movements quarter-to-quarter in our A&P line, which syncs up – usually syncs up with the activity we’ve got planned in the marketplace. And frankly, when we got business momentum like this, we want – and we’ve got really exciting new innovation coming out that we will share at CAGNY. We do want to make sure we get those new products off to a good start with good awareness and good trial.
Sean Connolly: Yes, great question, Alexia. We’ve said, since I got here that, we are going to pursue consistent improvement in our sales rate and consistent improvement in our margins. And we will do it three ways. we will strengthen the businesses we own. we will acquire new businesses that fit. And we will divest stuff that is a drag on our sales and our margin. And if you look at the sheer amount of [indiscernible] down to last 8 years, it’s right up there near the top of the list in terms of activity. So that’s part of our playbook. It will continue to be part of our playbook. We always look at that. And I always tell investors, if you’ve got an idea as to how we might reshape in a way that unlocks shareholder value, you can probably safely assume that we, prior – already thought about it and looked at it. Now with respect to the specific concept that you put out there, the way we look at things like that, particularly, when you’re talking about more material divestitures, we’ve done a lot of kind of one-off. But when you package up big chunks of the business, and you look at doing – started spending them out or selling them something like that, you have to look very carefully at what happens with stranded overheads. What happens with the fixed cost base of the company and does it flow back to that which remains and therefore, compress margins. Because you’ve got to be very sensitive to ensuring that these kinds of actions create value and don’t actually end up destroying value. And so that’s one of the things we look at. The other thing we look at is we are basically U.S. company and we have tremendous scale and scope within the U.S. And we think that scale and scope works very well for us in terms of our relationship with our customers, the importance of our total portfolio with our customers, and the ability to leverage part of our portfolio to do very strategic things in other parts of our portfolio, whether that leverage the cash flow or just leverage the fact that it’s – these are important items to shoppers. So we look at all of that stuff. We’re open-minded to anything that truly creates value. And that’s kind of our philosophy on that. It’s always in that way.
Sean Connolly: Yes. That’s a hot topic these days. Let me give you kind of our perspectives on that. First, let me say that from our vantage point, the competitive environment remains rational overall, and that’s usually a good thing. Second, until supply normalizes further, I just can’t see retailers pushing for deals that exacerbate out of stocks. That’s not good for retailers when their shoppers go over the store across the street to get the items that they couldn’t find in their stores. And the third, we are not opposed to smart promotions. In fact, we’re already doing high ROI promotions already, that’s kind of in line with our pre-pandemic levels from a frequency basis. At some point, we may be able to add a little bit more. But here, I’m talking about surgical – really strategically valuable, high ROI and frankly, often seasonal promotions, often holidays, that are emotionally important to our consumers. And in those instances, we want our brands in those promotions. But through COVID, some of those promotions were cut back on, given obvious supply challenges. Going forward, that will get better and some of those quality opportunities will reemerge. But I think the big point is we’re not talking about a surge of deep discount promotions here. That’s not been our playbook for at least 7 years now. And I just don’t see a lot of room for that.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Before we go to the next question, I want to come back to volumes for a second, because this is a really important one for folks to get right as you think about assessing kind of where we are, is it a good guy or a bad guy. To accurately assess volume performance across a cohort of companies, you have to look at total scanned volume change over time for the whole peer set. And as you saw on Slide 8, Conagra ranks number one in our peer group in terms of volume and resiliency over the past 3 years, which is, obviously, a testament to our brand health. And as I have said in my prepared remarks, there is always some elasticity when you price as much as we have cumulatively, but those elasticities have in fact been relatively benign and remarkably consistent and they have been lower than our peers, lower. That’s the data. So – but in any given quarter and in any good segment, frankly, you may see more or less volume impact based on the recency of the pricing actions that you take. And as you know, we took a lot in Q1 and in Q2. But overall, we are in very good shape in the absolute and versus others. And don’t forget, over – as we have said many times, over time, these elasticities tend to wane as consumers adapt.
Sean Connolly: So, Max, I think it’s pretty simple. The first big trade down is the trade down from away-from-home to at-home. If you are looking at consumers over $100,000 a year income, you are still seeing they are going out to eat. But below that threshold, it’s not where it was pre-pandemic. So, one of the reasons – a big one of the reasons why you see muted elasticities across the sector on average is because there has been – there was a trade down into at-home eating during COVID. And that has not fully reverted to away-from-home because the prices away-from-home have gone up so high that it’s a better value to continue to eat in home as people are trying to stretch their household balance sheet. And we are the beneficiary of that. And it shows up in muted elasticities. When you double-click down from there, within grocery, what you see is there is trade down taking effect. And if you look at private label by category, you can see that in certain categories, they are making progress. Those categories almost, always tend to be categories that are more highly commoditized. So, things like in food, like cooking oil. And outside of food, things like ibuprofen. When a consumer knows it’s a single ingredient product and one is a lot cheaper than the other, the switching costs are lower. It’s easier to make the trade down. So, that is happening. The good news for us is we don’t have a lot of those categories. We have had them. We exited them. And now our private label interaction is lower than average in the space. And on a strategically important stuff that’s really vital to our go-forward cash flow, things like frozen, our snacks categories, we have got very strong relative market shares, very little private label alternative, and that’s one of the reasons we continue to thrive.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Our frozen business has been unbelievably strong. And I don’t think you can compare it at all to the 2008 period, the financial crash because the category looked totally different. We started doing a massive overhaul of the frozen section of the grocery store, Conagra did in 2015, starting with frozen single-serve meals. And we completely changed the way those products show up to the consumer in terms of food quality, packaging quality, sustainability, etcetera, etcetera. And since then, we have driven a massive amount of growth for retailers in the frozen single-serve meals category. And Conagra has accounted for somewhere in the neighborhood of 90% of that growth. So, we have almost singlehandedly done it. What we are doing now is keeping the momentum in frozen, in single-serve meals where we have been so successful because there are structural things in place that have only furthered the opportunity there. Things like more people working from home during the week, that obviously contributes to more breakfast and more lunch, vacation at home where these products fit. So, we are capitalizing on that. The other part of our strategy is to continue to – we have got a great suite of brands, continue to extend them into adjacencies like multi-serve meals, appetizers, snacks, desserts, novelties, things like that. There are a lot of zip codes in the frozen space that still have opportunity to be overhauled, the way we have overhauled frozen single-serve meals. And that’s a big part of our go-forward strategy. And one of the things that’s going to help create value with this portfolio, along with this awesome snacks business that we have got. And we will talk about both of these very strong, attractive portfolios in frozen and snacks in quite some detail at CAGNY.
Sean Connolly: No. Because a revised down inflation outlook does not mean costs have dropped to below where they were prior to us taking pricing. In fact, it’s still a 10% full year outlook lower than that in the back half, but it’s still inflationary. And by the way, compared to the normal range for the industry of 2% to 3% inflation when you are talking 8%-ish inflation, that’s a big inflationary year. So, to the contrary, it leads you to think more about future price increases than it does price rollbacks. In categories, there are true pass-through categories, when you get down to a true category level, we would just not – the category went, but coffee as an example. Coffee is one of those categories. It’s a pass-through category. Pricing comes up, you take it up. Pricing comes down, you take it down. It can’t be deflationary. We are not experiencing deflation on average by – across the board.
