Sean Connolly: Yeah, Andrew, it’s Sean. I will answer that. It’s pretty clear as we look at the data we are experiencing trading in that others referenced and the demand for our products remains quite strong. So as you saw in the slide brand health is in a very good place and I would say no to the question of are we experiencing something unique in elasticity? Based on what we are seeing right now the answer to that is inequitably no.  Consumer demand has remained very strong. These elasticities, as you mentioned, have been meaningfully better than historical norm. But what I draw your attention to is supply chain constrains, while we are making progress in supply chain, the constraints are still with us. And they were still a factor in Q4 and we did see retailers burn through inventory faster than we could replenish it. And that clearly put an upper control limit on parts of our portfolio, including some of our fastest growing, strongest brands and including Refrigerated & Frozen.  So we'll give you a full update on a tremendous amount of good work that's going on in supply chain. We are making progress there, and we've got a very exciting transformation plan ahead. We'll update you on that on our Investor Day in a couple of weeks. And we'll also, as we always do, preview some of the exciting new innovation that will come into the market -- that's currently coming into the market that will continue to drive strong sales. But I'd say for now, my key points are brands are performing very well, and the innovation is thriving. The pricing power we're seeing is quite strong.  Despite that strong pricing power, the elasticities remain well below historical norms. Supply chain is making progress, but it's not fully back to normal yet. And looking forward, our outlook for '23, we believe is quite prudent.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I won't put any numbers on it, Ken, but it's is category specific. We can see it very clearly. And where we -- probably most noteworthy, as I mentioned in my remarks a minute ago is Refrigerated & Frozen. That's -- as you all know, that is our -- Frozen business is our most strategic domain. We've just had persistent strength there. They're really -- in our Frozen Meals business isn't a trade-down alternative.  So that is one of the key pieces of this portfolio and amongst our very strongest brands. We've driven virtually all the category growth there. I don't expect any change to that underlying strength at all. We've just got -- continue to get our suppliers back to full health and continue to get our ability to get service levels back to the traditional high 90% level. Dave, do you want to make any comments to that.
Sean Connolly: Well, I'd say, both are in the plan for '23. We are assuming very strong innovation performance, and we are investing behind that innovation. So you're seeing A&P rise in support of that innovation. If you look at our track record now of these successive launches of innovation that we've had, when we started this journey and our real first big innovation slate was I think as far back as '16-'17, there was some concern what happens when you wrap this success? Well, each year, our innovation waves have gotten better and stronger than the year before. And our '22 results were fantastic versus a very successful '21.  We're expecting fiscal '23 innovation to be even stronger than that, and we're investing behind that. We do have demand from our customers for that innovation. So it's sold in. And interestingly, as we told you before, even during the height of the pandemic, we paused innovation a lot less than what I expected at the time. We had tremendous customer demand for our innovation even then, and we kept the train rolling. So that's all baked into the plan for this year.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Alexia, that's right. When you look at inflation, given our exit rate of 17%, we're expecting low teens inflation for all of fiscal '23. But we expect that inflation rate to be higher in Q1 given the exit rate. So as we go forward, we expect the percentage inflation will come down versus Q1. So that would and then the pricing that we're taking in Q1 and Q2 comes in. So you should see gradual improvement of gross margin as '23 progresses.
Sean Connolly: Chris, we're going to get into this in quite a bit of detail in a couple of weeks. We talk through how we create this connections between our consumers and our brands. But what I'd say is our total investment has been very strong, and it remains very strong. And in any given quarter, we might toggle investment below the line. We might toggle it above the line depending upon what we think in that window, is right for the business.  So for example, if we're in a launch window for new innovation going to market, we will put more money above the line for everything from slotting to in-store sampling on those new items, getting it on to an end [indiscernible] display, so people can discover it. If we're not in a launch window, but we're more in a sustaining window, we're driving repeat, we might spend more on e-commerce and search and things like that.  So we're constantly toggling our spend to what we think is going to be most effective and most efficient in that window. And we've got a big innovation slate this year. So we've got some good trial generating support for that in our A&P line. At the same time, we've still got good support to get those things on shelf, get the right high-quality physical availability. So overall, it's working. And this is an important topic and one that we do want to get into in a couple of weeks with you.
Sean Connolly: Well, I think our planning posture across the board for this '23 plan, Jason, is to be prudent. We don't want to plan in a way that puts us in a -- we need to be in a heroic position in anything in terms of elasticities, supply chain rebound, et cetera. We want to -- it remains a volatile environment. We think the best guide for fiscal '23 is a prudent guide. And because as we've seen in the last year, things are going to happen that are different from what you assume at the beginning of the year, and you got to be able to navigate that. So that's the environment we're in right now, and that's the posture we've taken as we put together the plan.
Sean Connolly: No, I wouldn't characterize it the way you're characterizing it, Jason. I mean when you go into these macroeconomic dislocations that we've experienced, the pain tends to come in waves. And manufacturers get hit with a lot of the pain early in the cycle, and that comes in the form of margin compression as you've seen we've gone through in the last year, a lot of that associated with the lag effect. And then the lag effect is a transitory effect that you do emerge from. So it's not as if what you're doing as you move through that cycle is you're recovering lost margin points as opposed to adding fresh new firepower at the profit line. That's not what's happening. This is about profit recovery. And that's an important thing. Manufacturers have to recover their margin, why? Because the top priority for our retail customers is growth. And our retail customers here at Conagra know that our innovation has been the absolute key to driving growth for their categories. They need and want that innovation to continue, but they know that, that innovation costs us money. We have to have healthy margins to be able to build out that innovation and get it to our customers in the market. And so they know we've got to take inflation justified pricing to recover our margins after we go through these windows where we experienced the compression that happens early in the inflation cycle. And that's exactly kind of how things are playing out.
Sean Connolly: Well, that's a good setup for our Investor Day in a couple of weeks because we've got -- I'd say there are areas of just continuous improvement and continued progress, like our innovation program, for example, just has been very strong for five plus years running now and it gets even stronger. There's other areas where we've got new things happening that are exciting and offer margin improvement opportunities going forward, particularly the work we've got going on in supply chain transformation and modernization, which we'll talk about in a couple of weeks. And then I'd say just from a team standpoint, culturally, our culture has remained incredibly strong throughout COVID. We've had our office open since June 15, 2020, and keeping our team together, because the work we do is very spontaneous and iterative and creative in nature. And so the importance of being together is critical to our ability to keep our innovation as agile as it is, and we'll just continue to get that stronger as we go forward.
Dave Marberger: Sure, Andrew. So if you take it from the top, we guided to low teens inflation off of the 16% this year. So we float that. We think that's going to be higher actually in Q1. And as the year goes, the percentage will come down, but low teens is what we assume there.  We're assuming that our supply chain productivity, which came in at 1.8% for Q4, we expect that as our supply chain continues to stabilize that, that will improve as the year goes on. We obviously have a big impact of pricing in ’23, the carry-in pricing, which will be significant. And then as I talked about in my comments, we have pricing that is actually in market now in Q1 and will actually be in market in the beginning of Q2 as well. And so a big impact from pricing.  And we do expect that both our SG&A and A&P investment will grow at a greater rate than the sales guide. So we are investing in both of those areas. But given the pricing, given the ramp-up of productivity and given inflation at low teens off of what was a high base in fiscal '22, we feel comfortable with what that's going to do in terms of our EBIT growth for '23.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Just on the -- let me build on that and tie it into the guidance. So Ken, just kind of concise way to think about it is our organic net sales guide is 4% to 5%. We expect price/mix to be low teens. We expect inflation to be low teens. So if that is true, then the pricing dollars will exceed the inflation dollars next year.
Dave Marberger: Yes. And you just said it. I think a lot of times we think of when we talk about supply chain, we think of the labor in our plants and our distribution centers, which is a key part of it, and we're seeing that come back. But another key part that is really impacting us in particular categories is supply, ingredient supply. So our suppliers and making sure that they're able to supply. And so if we're missing an ingredient, we can't produce. And so that's part of the impact. So we're working through that. We're making progress. But as Sean said, that did impact volumes, particularly in Refrigerated & Frozen this quarter.
Dave Marberger: Yes, sure. So David, if you look at the Q4 Bridge, our productivity net of the offsets was 1.8%. That was better than the 1.5% we had in Q3. As you know, historically, we run about 2.5% to 3% of productivity if you kind of look back pre-COVID. So the way to think about '23 is we will gradually ramp our productivity numbers back to what we were historically, and we're just gradually, with each passing quarter, we expect to continue the improvement in the operations.
Dave Marberger: Yes. A lot of that is brand mix, Alexia. So we have a big portfolio. So depending on the mix of what we sell, we will see benefits. So when we see growth in brands like Slim Jim, some of our core frozen items, those things have better kind of sales and margin mix. So it's really at the brand level that's driving that. 
Dave Marberger: Yes. We always manage that for favorable mix. Mix is always one that's tricky because there's a lot that goes into it. But generally, we're always managing our portfolio to drive favorable mix for sure.
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, if you look at our guidance, I think given what our estimate is for price/mix, which is low teens and then inflation at low teens, you will see that come back in. So that is part of the guidance. I think with the $265 million, we were clear last quarter that, that wasn't guidance.  That was a pro forma number. And if you take the guidance that we put out there of plus 1% to plus 5% for '23 you -- included in that is the $0.13 headwind from the nonoperational items for pension, interest and tax that gets you, if you translate that to numbers kind of a $251 million to $261 million then we're not planning Ardent up as much, and we're investing in SG&A. So when you put those things back in, you can clearly see that we are building in catching up on the lag in the fiscal '23 guide.
Dave Marberger: Yes. What I would say, Robert is that you have to remember that when we quote price, right, so this quarter, it was 13%. That's always going to be lower in terms of the margin impact, right, of that price. Same thing with inflation. Inflation was 17%, but the margin impact of that was 12%. So it's really the same thing. The price if we're low teens price next year, that's going to equate to a lower margin impact, but then the same thing on the low teens inflation, right?  So we're quoting a percentage of either the sales or percentage of the cost of goods sold, but when you translate that into a margin impact, it's lower. So it's really that relationship.
Dave Marberger: Yes, just I would just add when you do the press release, obviously, you talk more about the material drivers of the thing, right? So it's clearly elasticities are the main driver of volume. There were some supply constraints, which we gave color to because we were asked. So -- but the main driver were the elasticity.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I mean we looked at all the forecasted rate increases for the year and then estimated what that number would be. So if it plays out as the forecasts are in terms of number of rate increases, then that's how we forecasted it. So it's really our commercial paper because that's really the variable piece where a lot of our debt is fixed, as you know, right, in terms of rates. So it's that. And then it's a little bit of just the average borrowing for the year just given some of the timing of working capital. So -- but yes, we've factored in right now what the current forecast is for rate increases.
Dave Marberger: Well, I think obviously, the core operations are the key driver, and we do expect for '23 to be down versus where we ended fiscal '22 on leverage. Obviously, as you've seen us over the last five to six years, we've done a lot of portfolio reshaping and divestitures. And so obviously, this is just a base forecast. So any divestitures we would have could reduce leverage further depending on what we would execute.
