Sean Connolly: Good morning, Andrew. Yes, I believe the answer is yes, we have. Like others, we're essentially now putting our emphasis on the back half where we expect to have the most impact. If you copter up and look at the back half between more favorable comps, increased investment, a very strong innovation slate and a move back toward a more typical consumer behavior, we do expect meaningful top line progress in H2. And with productivity strong and excellent margin progress over the past several quarters and a good start to the year at EPS, we feel good about the profit call for the year even with that added investment. I probably also will give a nod to our Foodservice and International teams for the excellent job they're doing, working their plans.
Sean Connolly: Great question. As you point out with our supply chain now, clicking on all cylinders, we're once again in a position where we can selectively add promotional activity to drive sales. As I've said before, selectively means highly incremental, high ROI events at critical calendar windows like the holidays as an example. So frozen is certainly in the mix, but so are other categories. Just to give you some perspective, and I'll give you more on this in just a minute so you have the detail. In Q1, only 21% of our sales were on promotion, which was below the peer group and also below the pre-pandemic baseline. So if you look at Q1, the last couple of years, not this year, but the last couple of years, Conagra was around 18% of our volume was on promo and the pre-pandemic baseline, the number was 24%. So this year, in Q1, we were at 21%. So we're still below the baseline, and we've got some room to pick our spots and invest smartly to engage further with consumers. But let me be clear, we are not talking about deep discount, low ROI promotional activity like you might remember from Conagra 10, 15 years ago. That is not part of our playbook.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, it's a mix of all the above. The comps are clearly much more favorable. We're clearly going to have some stronger merch investment in the back half. And we've got A&P focused on our largest brands with good margins. So those are all well positioned to have an impact. But I think the key here is this consumer behavior shift. And I do think when you see all the competitors in such a tight bandwidth, which is frankly a tighter bandwidth than I'm even accustomed to seeing, you know it's a macro dynamic. And the way to think about what we saw in the first quarter with respect to the behavior over the summer was, it was this paradoxical combination of selective splurging and broad-based belt tightening. So as an example, consumers may have simply said, I'm taking that summer trip and it's not up for debate. And then at the same time, said, I'm going to change some things up to create an offset. And so in our line of work, it's what we call compensating behavior. But one of the other things we know about consumer habits and practices is that they are very hard to change long term. So these shifts tend to be temporary tactics that people use to get through a period of time when they've committed more of their cash to something else. And I think the summer travel example is illustrative of what I'm talking about there. And so this is a bit of a different animal than what we would call normal elasticity effects because normal elasticity effects are really brand level elasticity effects that are consumer judgments about the value of a particular brand versus another close-in alternative following a price increase. These macro behavior shifts are a bit of a different animal. Here, the consumer is not passing judgment on the value of a specific brand following a price increase, rather, they're temporarily reranking how they prioritize entire categories in order to live within their means for a period of time. So why does it matter to understand the difference between this versus normal elasticity? Well, in our experience, it's because behavioral shifts at a category level tend to be shorter in duration. And it's -- a simple way to think about it is consumers are creatures of habit. So it's very difficult for them to deprioritize things like convenience benefit. So this is one of the key reasons we expect these shifts to be temporary. They have been in the past, and that's what we expect again. And it's also why we're really loading up our resources in the back half where we think the market conditions will be much more favorable to driving the kind of impact we're seeking.
Sean Connolly: It's higher, Pam. It's obviously -- the consumer dynamic in the first quarter was tougher than we planned for. We do think the conditions -- the macro conditions will be more favorable in the back half and we're in a fortunate position where we got off to a strong start in the year on profitability. So we've got some room to invest back. So we're talking about a higher investment posture on Merch, in particular, in the back half of the year as now we've got the supply chain working.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I don't really see that, Pam. The volume impact we are seeing, and frankly, the peers in the space are really not a function of individual brand level prices and a consumer judgment that it's much more of this macro thing where they're reprioritizing entire categories and consumer domains in order to stretch their budget short term. There are -- there was very little interaction in our portfolio with private label. There are some categories in our portfolio, albeit very few, that are more pass-through in nature and are more prone to a rollback in price if the key ingredient cost deflates. So products like Reddi Wip, where you've got basically dairy in there, products like our sausage business or our hotdog business where it's pretty much a particular meat block that's in there, those products -- kinds of products tend to move with the commodity. But for most of our portfolio, a, we haven't seen that kind of singular judgment around the value of the product being too expensive, and we just haven't seen any cost basis for rolling back price in terms of deflation. We're still net-net in an inflationary position.
Sean Connolly: And one other point I'll make, too, Dave, because you brought up our frozen business. It's not an inconsequential point that one slide in our prepared remarks today that showed the 40-year trend on frozen. It is literally not counting commodity category like frozen fruit, it is in the top two, I think, of packaged goods in terms of long-term growth in the category, and it's been particularly strong in the last six or seven years as we've driven innovation. So we remain incredibly bullish on our frozen business. And by the way, our unit share in frozen has grown consistently over the last seven or so years. And that included Q1. I saw it, David, you pointed this morning and thought we were losing share in our frozen meals business. That is actually not the case. Even with the consumer environment the way it is right now, consumers making some of these trade-offs, we grew our unit share in our frozen meals business once again. And that is with some additional promotional activity from a larger competitor in the space during Q1. But frankly, that had no impact on us on a national basis. It impacted a different competitor in the space that happens to be a value-oriented play, but had no impact on Conagra where we again gained unit share in our frozen meals business.
Sean Connolly: Sometimes when you run in businesses like this and you're servicing consumers, you take what the field gives you. And I think what we're saying is in Q1, the consumer environment is -- was more challenged. People were trying to create these offsets to cover expenditures that they were determined to make over the course of the summer. And we do believe that the consumer environment is going to be more favorable. There will be a bit of pent-up demand here for some of the things that people have traded out of as they've created these kind of short-term hacks to make their household balance sheet work. And having the supply chain in the position it's in and getting off to a strong start on profit and having the ability to invest more, we think these are high ROI investments that are going to enable us to have the kind of consumer engagement impact that we want to have, but also be profitable by the way we want to be at the same time, and that's kind of our outlook.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Happy to do that, Rob. If you look at the slide we shared today, notably, it's units, it's not dollars. And that's the metric that we are looking at, is units, not dollars because to us, that is going to be the marker of when we start to see this change. Frankly, if you look at the slide that I shared today, it's got 52 weeks, 13 weeks, four weeks. What the competitive set would expect to have seen is that as you move from 52 weeks to 13 weeks to four weeks, you see improvement in trend. And as you could see on that slide, it was fairly flat. So what we're looking for is bend in the trend in unit movement as a proxy for this consumer behavior shift beginning to move. So if you look at the more recent period, which is -- it just came out, I think, this week, which is the four-week period following what we shared today, you see the first noteworthy change in unit movement for Conagra and there may have been one or two other competitors that saw some movement there as well. That's important because that's the kind of movement that we thought we would see across the industry back at our Memorial Day or so, and it didn't materialize. And we've got our first data point now that's showing it's going in the right direction. That's the metric we need to move. If units move the way that we expect them to move, everything else will take care of itself at dollars. And so that's why we're focused on that.
Sean Connolly: Well, I'm not sure we're having a lot of interaction there. Even our Birds Eye business is kind of behaving similarly with the balance of our frozen business. But what you're seeing in frozen [Technical Difficulty] most of the frozen items we sell are frozen convenience items. And what you've seen over the last quarter are more of this consumer pivot to what we'll call meals for many instead of meals for one. It's more of a speed scratch type of thing where you can stretch your buck and feed more mouths, but that's a laborious effort, and it's also not exactly the food that people are habitually accustomed to eating. So when I look back over the last 50, 60 years and you look at consumer trends, by far, the most unshakable trend in the consumer packaged goods space is the trend toward convenience. And so we know, and you saw it in the long-term frozen data that I put up, that consumers don't have the time to make stuff from scratch. They don't have the culinary skills and they don't want the waste associated with it. Does that mean they won't do it from time to time and buy a bag of rice and a can of beans and some ground beef? No, they will do that. Those are the kind of the short-term cheat codes that I referenced. But they tend not to be very lasting behaviors because, as I pointed out, consumer habits and practices are highly entrenched. So really, we're focused on that. We know that this is a short-term dynamic, and we expect it to change. And we certainly, within frozen, have the brands that drive the growth and drive the share with the innovation we've delivered. I think our categories over the last five years have accounted for about 70% of the growth in all of frozen, and we expect that kind of highly competitive performance to continue.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Part of it, Jason, is culturally the way we operate. We are wired to be a very lean, very adaptable, very agile team. We don't have a lot of orthodoxies around here or things that we're not willing to do to get to where we got to go. So we'll -- we've got a great team. They're going to get us to do what we need to do throughout the balance of the year and we'll be super agile as we always are in an environment that's highly dynamic.
Sean Connolly: Yeah, Steve, I think the easy answer to your question is we manage this business for long-term value creation and long-term success with the consumer. When you get caught up in these short-term windows of consumer behavior shifts, people always ask the question, well, in this window, what's more important, sales or profit? And obviously, you always want both. But when you see short-term behavior shifts, sometimes you have to be smart and you've got to ride the way in a patient and pragmatic way. And that means not trying to force things before they're poised to pivot. Otherwise, you can end up with either metric working for you. And as I said, we will invest smartly. We'll pick our spots. We'll focus on quality merch, A&P and our biggest brands and awesome innovation and we'll keep a strong determination to drive brand health and value creation for the long term.
Sean Connolly: No, I actually would say the opposite. We did see in one of our categories, a competitor try to do some promotional things to kind of force the issue and force and it didn't work, and it didn't have any impact on our business. And I can't imagine what their bottom line looks like with such an inefficient spend. But it's just -- that's what I mean by you have to be sometimes be smart, ride the wave in a patient a pragmatic way. If you get impatient and you try to do something irrational and force the consumer to do something they're not ready to do, you know what you're going to do, you're going to spend a lot of money without having a lot of impact. And so we want to put our dollars and our investment out there in the marketplace on the right levers at the right time when the consumer is going to be responsive to it. And that's why we've got the cadence of our spend laid out the way we've got across the full year.
Sean Connolly: Alexia, I view that one a little bit differently. If you think about it, we've got an entire department of demand scientists here who are every day studying changes in consumer behavior, particularly -- a particularly important one for our company has been the ever-evolving consumer definition of what constitutes healthy and how they want to eat in order to be responsive to health. Back in the '90s with Snack Wells, it was all about fat and calories. And if you just look in the last few years, we've gone from grain-free to cauliflower to keto. I mean it's constantly evolving. So what our demand science folks do is they're constantly studying the trends that consumers are chasing, figuring out which of those need to be designed into our products and then adapting our products through our innovation program relentlessly so that we're staying up with consumer trends. So if we end up seeing changes in consumer eating patterns, let's say they go to smaller portions, then we evolve the innovations, and we design smaller portions. If they switch to different types of nutrients, we evolve the innovation, we switch to different types of nutrients. If they change the kind of pack sizes they snack on, we'll change that. So this is the kind of stuff that will happen over five, 10, 15 years, not over the next six months. But I think the key to navigating these kinds of just constantly evolving consumer environment is you have to be externally focused, you've got to study these consumer trends and you've got to rapidly design in what the consumer is looking for into your products and that's what we do every year.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Let me say this first because I never want our investors to misunderstand this. We always follow kind of a balanced approach to capital allocation. But we've said now for some time, and I'll continue to say it, our top priority is de-levering. The importance of having a clean balance sheet in the current strained external macro environment is very important to our investors, our ratings agencies, and that is our top priority. When the time comes that we've got our balance sheet where we want it to be, M&A has always been part of it. We've always said there are two kinds of big picture M&A. There's big synergistic acquisitions that rarely come along once in a blue moon, and then there are bolt-on more growthy smaller acquisitions, they tend to happen more frequently. So we'll always, over the long term, keep an eye on both of those things. But right now, our focus is on continuing to pay down debt. And then when we get to the time when we can add something to the portfolio, odds are it would be in our key strategic domains of frozen and snacks.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Just a little more color on the disruptions in the prior year, which were mostly second half last year, Dave. We had a fire at our Jackson plant, which significantly impacted our frozen fish business. Obviously, Lent is the big time for that. So we'll be in a much better position this year on that. We had canning issues in our beans and chili business second half last year. And then as you remember, we had the can meat recall, which impacted Q3 and Q4. So more specifically, we should see strong improvement on those categories.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. And just -- and our International and Foodservice businesses are off to a really strong start and they're really tracking ahead.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So yes, we're holding our inflation assumption at 3% at this point. We've had some categories, some items where there is more inflation than we expected, but we have some that have gone the other way. So we're still holding to the 3%. That's important that, that remain that way for us to hit the margin guidance that we gave. We were impacted in Q1. We were really pleased with our productivity in the first quarter. Embedded in the productivity numbers are actual headwinds from absorption. So the second half with volumes, us being confident that our volumes will be up, we'll have a benefit in absorption. So the incremental investment can drive incremental volume and help with absorption offsets, which benefits margin. But I would just remind you, we gave a range for margin for a reason because of that. We're not going to get precise with an absolute gross margin number. You're directionally correct, but that's why we gave a range on operating margin for our guide.
Dave Marberger: Rob, I would just go back to what we said last year. We didn't quantify everything exactly, so I wouldn't want to give you a number here. But if you go back and look at what we communicated last year second half, I think you'll get a pretty good feel for the magnitude, generally speaking. But we didn't give a precise number on that.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Our inflation assumption for 3%, we had assumptions on conversion costs, which kind of in that mid to upper single-digit area. So that hasn't changed. We're very -- we spend a lot of time on our compensation benefits working hard to be competitive as part of our overall strategy for all of our employees. So we feel like we've captured it in our estimates for inflation.
Dave Marberger: Yeah, sure. So, Jason, obviously, we're looking at our cost very closely. If you look at the quarter, our productivity performance was really strong. Our supply chain organization does a phenomenal job especially now that we're back to a kind of more accommodative operating environment to drive our productivity, and we're seeing that. So that's a big driver, obviously, for us. You look at SG&A, we're -- 9.1% is where we came in last year, we'll be around that again this year. We're very efficient, we're as efficient as any food company out there, but we're always looking for opportunities. And then we obviously have our Ardent Mills joint venture, which continues to do really well. We're holding to our guide for the year there, but there's still really strong momentum in Ardent Mills. And that generates cash for our business. And so there are places we're always looking, but we're always looking to just make sure we're finding opportunities to drive savings so that we can continue to invest in the business.
Dave Marberger: That's what we're always looking for. So we're -- productivity coming and Ardent is off to a good start.
