Thomas McGough: Just a couple of things, as you highlighted, we are taking very focused and disciplined approach to price the brands that were underpriced, over-promoted. And it also includes proactively optimizing our SKU mix. What you see is that we’re upgrading our volume base, one that is plus promotionally driven, higher margin. And as you highlighted in your chart, the fundamental base sales velocity performance is improving on the portfolio. So, when you look at Q2, in particular, there is a couple of things that are somewhat unique. First, Egg Beaters is -- our foot in the refrigerated segment includes Egg Beaters. In the year ago period, there was a sales benefit associated with the avian flu impact, where our supply was relatively unaffected from that. The second thing that’s unique is Q2 of last year was a significant promotional period for us on our premium yield brands, Healthy Choice, Marie Callender, Bertolli. That is part of our trade promotion productivity, is to optimize that spending, and we’ll begin to lap those as we move into the second half of our fiscal year. And then the third component would be supply issues. At the beginning of the quarter, we still had some residual impact from PF chains. Recall that it showed-up in lower merchandizing at the beginning of the quarter. And then at the end of the quarter, there was an industry issue on Reddi-wip -- industry issue on nitrous oxide this impacted Reddi-wip. So, overall -- so we’re fundamentally on track, building and upgrading our volume base.
Thomas McGough: Chris, this is Tom McGough. Our pricing is really a combination of couple of things. One, we were taking pricing where we’ve done product upgrades whether that’s been Banquet or introducing more value added, Healthy Choice simply steamers. A large component of the pricing benefit has been on trade promotion productivity, primarily on our premium meals businesses as well as many other brands within grocery. And as you look at our resources, we do apply those on our segmentation on those accelerated businesses that tend to be stronger in terms of profitability.
Thomas McGough: Jason, this is Tom McGough. You know we’ve talked about our pricing in three components, inflation justified, trade productivity and pricing in conjunction with grain quality upgrades. So, if you think about some of the, obviously, we’ve had positive in terms of upgrade trade productivity. But there are some businesses and categories that are more pass-through, beef and oil, eggs, dairy would be some of those. So on Hebrew National for example, there is pricing reduction with some insert reduction in cost of goods that shows up as a negative to pricing, a positive to cost of goods, and obviously a better kind of margin. Egg Beaters is another situation given the industry dynamics last year with cost coming down. So, those are some of the offset that suppress the overall pricing, but we really focused on is the gross margin expansion and that’s what you see in our results is continued progress on gross margin expansion and we are doing this in a very focused and discipline way across the portfolio.
Dave Marberger: And just add one thing at this the impact of ready what there were some costs that did effect operating, adjusted operating profit as well. So, we factor in both the Egg Beaters and the cost from Reddi-wip, you’re pretty about flat in terms of operating profit on the sales decline. 
Dave Marberger: Bryan, no, because we pay down debt during the quarter, the run rate is actually lower in the second half. So you should look at where we are with debt, where we end of the quarter as sort of the base to use.
Dave Marberger: Yes. Let me just clarify that a little bit because looking at the numbers that may not be clear. At Investor Day, we announced plans to purchase of $1 billion worth of shares, and under a new $1.25 billion authority that we initiated after the spin-off was completed in November. So, when you look at the second quarter, there is only about half a month where we’re actually repurchasing under that authority. So that was about $70 million. So, $70 million for half a month is kind of the run rate on the share repurchase. So, that’s the plan kind of going forward.
Dave Marberger: Well, let me just kind of picture that. We’re not going to get in the practice of giving real granular quarterly guidance. I don’t think that’s going to be too helpful. I don’t know if it’s going to be useful to you. What I can say is as if we are going to bend the trend and that’s how you want to think about it, so it’s not exactly linear there is going to be movement on all of these things quarter-to-quarter because there is all sorts of noise down in the granules that we don’t need to get into. But it’s going to be -- it’s going to be a obviously you’re going to see a change in SG&A in the back half and you’ll see a improvement on the top line.
Dave Marberger: It’s a great question. We’ve spent a lot of time on what I call bridge accounting and most companies know I've done everywhere I’ve been. The way these things come together, you tend to start to look at what’s the price mix piece of this because you can quantify that, you obviously look at supply chain pieces and then the volume piece is sometimes tricky, right because we have a portfolio of 55 brands that are all at different rates of change and so it really becomes a blend. So that’s really how this comes together in terms of what the overall margin impact from the blended overall volume decline. I am not going to make any commentary on the specific volume piece of EPS going forward but I would say is the guidance we’ve given on gross margin improvement factors in our estimates of what the volume impact would be. So that’s the best I can do for you, and that’s a good question.
Sean Connolly: No, I think you’re always going to see some differences regionally, you’ll see some differences by customers in terms of behaviors and whether or not they are trying to go to more than every day low price or a high low environment. I would say overall, guys; since I've been here it's been fairly rational. We'll have to continue to monitor, are there spikes or pockets of irrationality. And we will defend our business as we need to because we need to continue to make sure that our market share is a competitive. But on average, I’d say, it’s been pretty reasonable and we just monitor this very carefully and take the actions we need to take.
Sean Connolly: Yes, let me give you my true senses on that and Dave can way into. Clearly, I am very pleased with our margin progress. We have harvested some low-hanging fruits. We’re in a benign inflationary environment, and we’re benefiting from some timing and SG&A is, our transition increased from short-term vacancies. And as Dave pointed out, we need to sustain these margins in the back half and then our top-line trends to hit our guidance. And I’m very confident, we’ll do just that. But two months post Lamb spent, it's still early days. So, we’re standing by our previous guidance and staying very focused on continuing to execute well.
Sean Connolly: Let me give you how I think about A&P. Our A&P was down in the quarter, but take a look at the absolute rate. I think we’re about 4.7%, that is a very healthy level of A&P in my book. So, I feel good about that and we’ve continued to find inefficiency in our previous A&P spent and just like in place also in our portfolio, if we can get inefficiency out we do it. We also like to line up our A&P with when we have important in market activities. So, as you can imagine with our new innovations coming out in early Q1 of next year, we’re going to have some momentum that we’ve got to build going into that. So, you’ll see a good A&P investment from us in the back half without getting into granular detail there.
Sean Connolly: Let me give you a little insight on that. So, the SG&A that we talked about that I went through exclude A&P. So, when you see SG&A on face of the financial statements A&P is in that, but we’re talking about separately here. So, in the first half, we were favorable on SG&A. We have open positions that we’re continuing to feel. We’re building our capabilities here, and so if we make progress in the second half there that will clearly increase our SG&A percentage. And then, there is some important projects internally that are really backend weighted. So when you look at, we’re going to be closer to the target for SG&A that we talked about at Investor Day at 10.8% of sales. So, that’s kind of how we look at, if the second half related to SG&A excluding A&P. I think Sean covered the A&P piece of that we look at the second half.
Sean Connolly: Chris, this is Sean here. One other bit of perspective that I think is helpful for people to because sometimes I get the question why not more mix impact for margin accretive innovation faster, why not more gross margin faster? As we innovate particularly when we go into adjacencies as you look at our segmentation, in some case before, and so we built the success model in the marketplace and having empirical evidence that the new innovation is going to work, we may go to a co-packer, and then we do that because we don’t commit capital upfront. Then once we’ve got the evidence that it’s a successful innovation, we’ve repatriated. We'll invest the capital, we'll bring in house. So at sometimes you got a bit of a gross margin headwind on kind of breakthrough new innovations in the early days until you prove it you. But that is weakening the right way to having done this for a long time to manage innovation because you don’t always hit them all out of the park, you have some hits and you have some misses, and you want to be judicious on capital investment in support of new innovation.
Sean Connolly: David, Sean here. At Investor Day, we talked a bit about the mastering complexity project that we are working, and we’ve also talked about unwinding some legacy practices. One of those legacy practices is SKU proliferations. So, guys correct me if I am wrong here, but I think the quote I had at Investor Day was something like the last 20% of our volume account for roughly 70% of our SKUs, something like that. So, we have a lot of complexity and a lot of scheme proliferation that’s not adding up to a lot of volume, and as you might imagine on shelf, it doesn’t add up to a lot of productivity. So, we don’t want to have working capital of items like that sitting around our warehouses, we’ve got to clean that up and we’ve been very proactively doing that and you see that in some of the distribution trends, but when you do that as you can imagine, what remains is higher velocity stuff. So, you see a going opposite effect usually of improvement of velocity and that’s we’ve been looking for and that’s pretty much exactly what we are seeing.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I mean you’ve got a mix of things going on is what I call base drivers. I think when you take out the SKU that’s a negative base driver. When you increase price that’s a negative base driver, but conversely, when you have effective A&P and effective innovation that’s positive base driver. So, this is a process for us kind of continuing to upgrade this volume base, a lot of what we are doing at certain brands will be through this year. There are other brands as we talk about at Investor Day with respect to mastering complexity that we won't even get to the next year. So, I think the picture the way to think about is instead of getting overly exercise around the optics of the top line trend, setback and think about whether or not there is real value associated with that volume to begin with. Because if there is not value associated with it, there is not margin associated with it, frankly all it’s giving us, is optics and that’s not what we are in business for, we are in value creation.
Sean Connolly: Yes, the sales guidance we gave was really a CAGR that take us through 2020. And so, I wouldn’t -- I don’t think we haven’t really thought about it as a straight line, as you all know this is a -- we have a big portfolio. We got to attack these things in chunks and we are making tremendous progress doing it. So, we feel really good about our algorithm. We feel good about the EPS guidance. There will be different drivers each year depending upon how far we are in the program. But we feel great about the guidance including at EPS, I guess as how I put it.
Sean Connolly: Historically, we’ve been at call it 9% level, roughly in that ballpark. We’ve made some progress against that. We put a couple of few points on top of that we call it renewal rate. We want to get to 15, but as you might imagine, rebuilding the innovation pipeline takes a longer than say taking out costs. So one of the reasons why we got just so aggressive on costs in the early days of this transformation is, we’re grounded in a clear eyed recognition that rebuilding innovation pipe does take longer. So, it’s been important to us to get it some of these low-hanging fruit cost opportunities early on while we repopulate the innovation. And we already doing it as I said, we’ve moved from 9 to call it 12, and it will continue to ramp up from here. Importantly, it’s also got to be, it's proverbial fewer, bigger, better idea. But for us, that’s particularly important given our track record of proliferating so many key little SKUs, and we’re working in that because we want shelf efficiency for every item we could out there for our customers.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Good question. The backdrop to always that of course is that we are a portfolio of reshape story that means we need the strength in the businesses we have. We also need to bring in businesses that will be complementary, and we have the unique ability to efficiently divesting, if we conclude that they don’t say or they’re more valuable to somebody else. So, this is an important part of our value maximization strategy, it’s leveraging our balance sheet properly and as a strategic leveraging our capital loss carry forwards. So we’re always in a position of readiness, should we see something that we can say confidently makes good strategic sense and makes good financial sense. And that just really principally how we look at it, I don’t think in detail to getting share beyond that.
Sean Connolly: Yes, I think in terms of specific things that are forthcoming, we provided, down there throughout provided a pretty robust preview of some of the innovation in our pipeline, something on our investor day, some things that are pretty close to hitting the market, some things that are farther out, some things that are going test market. So, you got to sneak peak of that and it’s pretty exciting what we are going be able to do with brands like Healthy Choice and Slim Jim and other brands that are really granting up some excellent innovation on it. Quite frankly, it’s time because if you -- there is a lot of grumbling around lack of growth in the industry. But as Darren pointed out at Investor Day, when you peel back the onion, you look at it there are clear pockets of growth. Unfortunately, there has been big companies have been getting after that’s been a small companies because they tend to be faster market. They tend to be more externally focused. So, that brings to me the second piece of your question which is what structurally changing, we are much more externally focused, I would say than we’ve been effect external focus is one of our company values. And we are determined to activate our insight and turn them into action and get our innovation ideas to market quicker. So, historically, it’s been a slow slug for us to get insights, convert them in action and get them into market that is making progress. We are not all the way to bright yet, but I am very excited about some of the things that are in our pipe and it’s only going to get better from here.
