Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about the strategic, operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary Rodkin: Bryan and David, this is Gary. Just to amplify what André has said. You know that everyone is experiencing significant input cost inflation, and we are starting to gradually see every day our merchandising price points go up. It's as André says, category-by-category, competitor-by-competitor, but I have to tell you that we have made it crystal clear that we are serious about increasing our net pricing to help mitigate this much higher input cost inflation. We have made it very clear that we are not going to go backwards on pricing. And if that means that we need to make some modest trade-off on the volume in the near term, we are willing to do that.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, I think that we clearly are on top of this. It really hit somewhat as a tidal wave in the back half of this year, and we got ourselves a little bit behind by not having that crystal ball as finely tuned as we would like to in 20-20 hindsight. But I do believe we've made a number of changes that will line us up a lot better as we go through this continuing tough environment, but that we've made some changes in terms of organization rewiring to make sure that we've got a very cross-functional look and a lot of connectivity between the cost and the pricing and actually changing, as we look forward, some of the rewiring on exactly how we do handle the net pricing architecture. So, yes, I think we feel much better about it. We're better than we were a few years ago. This will take us actually to the next level as we really have looked hard at studying best practices and made the appropriate changes.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, David, I would tell you that absolutely, with very strong conviction, all of those fundamentals that you talked about are still very much in play and in as good a shape, better shape than they've ever been in the company. One example would be the innovation pipeline is stronger than it's ever been before. The supply chain, our productivity ramp is just as robust as it's ever been. So we feel very, very good about the fundamentals of the business. This has been a tough external environment that we will get through. But specific to your question, as I said, we remain interested in Ralcorp. But having said that, our core issue is really about the rapid increase of the input cost inflation. We are going to get through it and as this year progresses, our net pricing actions take hold, we will work our way through that. But our fundamentals, our foundation is so much stronger that we believe we can confidently add to the portfolio, whether it's this opportunity or another, our success over time is going to be based on returning our core to growth. I think we're already demonstrating that in one of our key businesses, Lamb Weston, and it's smartly pursuing strategic adjacencies that would be branded adjacencies. It will also be in looking for private label growth and it will be in rationally and gradually increasing our scale internationally. So we've got a comprehensive strategic plan, a big focus on the core business, given the fundamentals that we've improved, but we have also recognized that we are serious about adding to the portfolio.
Gary Rodkin: Ann, I would comment on Lamb Weston, the contracting nature of that business. There's a lot of variability but there's a number of contracts that are done annually kind of crop year to crop year. And from a real high-level perspective, the transition would really be kind of at the end of the first quarter, is where it resets.
Gary Rodkin: We have only anticipated in our plan what we have authorization for because it's an –- our board -- that's an issue our board needs to be behind.
Gary Rodkin: And Jason, it's important to remember, the overlaps on inflation are clearly a lot tougher in the first half of the year.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: Rob, this is Chris. I believe that a lot of those rules depend on how the specific buyback arrangement is crafted. And so there are some specifics we're not going to get into, but I'll just echo what John said, which is that our plan, we only have $125 million or so on the plan. It's a reasonable assumption that would be knocked out in reasonable period of time and we'll have to leave it at that.
Chris Klinefelter: I don't -- I'm sorry, this is Chris. I'll turn it over to John, but I don't think there's of anything to express that, that would be material and I don't think that's on our radar.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. And just as a -- well, this concludes our remarks today and just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André Hawaux: David, this is André. I think we saw it probably the most exasperated in Q4. As we went in the quarter, we did price according to where the inflation -- we felt the inflation was going to be. It came in slightly higher, as John articulated, almost 9% in the quarter. And as a result, we're having to, of course, correct and get that in the marketplace. We've taken another round of pricing at the end of our fiscal year, which you all will see impact us in Q1. But also, as John mentioned, we will see a pretty high level of inflation as well in the first quarter of fiscal year '12, which will probably necessitate another round of pricing. So we believe that we will get through to the coverage covering our inflation with pricing and our cost reduction by Q2, and we'll start to see a favorable margin impact there and then through the balance of the year. That's the way our plans are currently lined up right now.
André Hawaux: I think it's a balance of 2 things. I would say the inflation is the primary one. I do believe in most of the categories in which we compete, and just I want to remind the audience that we compete in over 35 to 40 categories in IRI, of which the top 15 make up about 70% of our business. I think there we're seeing to your point earlier, David, rational competition in most cases. There are outliers obviously in every single one of the categories, and I won't drain each one of them, where we see most of our competitive set doing the things that they would have to do as well to protect their margins given the high input costs that is not discriminating against anyone. I think inflation is here across all our competitive set. There are places and certain categories though that where competitive pricing has stalled our ability to potentially take as much pricing as we'd like. But that's the nature of the game, but I'd say the lion's share, to your point, is really driven by the higher inflation pieces we've seen.
André Hawaux: Yes, Bryan. This is André. I think retailers, first of all, don't like you walking in and raising prices. That's never been something that our retailers have enjoyed. I think one of the things that we do now quite well is we do equip our teams when we go in to talk about the various commodities and the elements that make up our basket of goods, if you will, and show the various market actions that are going on, both from a macro standpoint and things that are affecting our business. So they don't like it, they -- we do have to be much more factual with them and we have to provide a lot of data. It is not easy. It is very difficult to continue to put through. Many of ours are a combination of both pricing increases, list price increases that we do and also changing out the depth and frequency of our trade. So it's a combination of both list and trade. But again, no one likes it, but they understand it. And we're not the only ones in the marketplace doing it. So -- and everybody is arming themselves with the data that actually take pricing.
André Hawaux: Andrew, it's André. I think we were -- we're hopeful it would have come through more quickly. But you got to remember, it was a combination of we were expecting pricing and we were expecting our strong performance in CCRs, which we did see to offset the level of inflation that we had called. Inflation was slightly higher so that was the mismatch that we've talked about this morning.
André Hawaux: Well, yes, and I spoke to that, I think earlier, and let me just be clear. So the requirements -- the detailed discussions and the getting into the, as I said, the details of the cost increases and why we're seeing the commodity costs, that continues to be with probably more rigor than we've had. But for the most part or typically what you have, Andrew, is you've got a 60-day window typically, where you've already committed pricing. It's gone through, you've got your merchandising set. And if you're going to change that, unless you're willing to really disrupt your merchandising schedules and your relationship with customers, you've got that normal customary 60-day lag effect on most of the portfolio. And it's shorter in those -- well, I call those pass-through categories that are largely commodity, things like oil and spreads, where we're able to affect those prices in about 30 days. So it's typically in that 30- to 60-day time frame that you just -- it's just natural. It's across the industry is the way -- the way this is done largely because you're locking up your merchandising calendar a quarter in advance.
André Hawaux: Ann, this is André. I think it's a combination of things. I think in -- and so we're really -- what you're really speaking to is elasticity. I think with respect to some categories, we actually feel pretty good. The elasticities are coming in kind of where we called it. With respect to some other brands, I mean, again, we have a big portfolio and we've taken overall about 60% of it with price. And I think on some brands, the consumer reaction in this environment has been stronger than we thought. But the reality is we do believe that, and what we're starting to see as we opened up to fiscal '12 is that, that's starting to come back a little bit. So early on, some of those brands were hit pretty hard in the fourth quarter, but we're seeing some of that start to get better.
André Hawaux: Yes, it's going depend, Ann, in our business so we have similar to Lamb, it's not tied to the crop obviously. But we have some businesses that we have in private label that are big businesses. So they do an RFP, you bid and you get the business for a certain period of time, so you're locked in, in some of those businesses contractually. That's not the whole portfolio. And in other places, we've taken, for instance, in our Snacks, Breakfast business, our bar business, we actually have taken prices because not all of those businesses are RFP. So it's a mix bag and we are taking pricing in our private label space as have others where the inflation warrants it and where we can that we're not locked into a specific contract. But as we cycle out of those contracts, we have new pricing going in that reflects the new input costs.
André Hawaux: Yes. So Eric, where we were as we came out of the quarter, we came out with about 60% of our portfolio will be priced as we enter the fiscal year. And by Q1, we will be about 80%. There are some brands that we've analyzed that have to be fast followers that can't lead given their market position. Again, this goes through our entire portfolio where you start looking at brands where we have fairly relatively low share positions. So some things got course directed during the time frame in which we spoke, but those are the numbers that we now have baked into that are both active and live with pricing as we speak today, that's about 60% of the portfolio. The pricing that we have lined up for P3 and P4 in the new year gets us to about 80%. And then the work that we've done with other brands, which adjusted we would have -- we'll have more pricing if the leaders in those categories take pricing because the math says that we have to be fast followers given our relative share position.
André Hawaux: Rob, this is André. Let me just take a more holistic perspective on it because I think what you're talking about is a very tactical thing that we do today when we bring pricing. And we arm our sales teams with information from the procurement organization to talk about the macro trends on commodities and things like that. But Customer Connect is significantly more holistic than that and is really sort of very patterned on a lot of those things that we've done in supply chain when we talk about end-to-end. We took a compressive look at our customers, we interviewed them through a third party and talked about where we -- what disciplines we lack versus best in class. And more importantly, where we were on the continuum of being a transactional supplier with them versus a strategic. And they said that we had moved from the old days of transaction supplier -- transactional supplier to more collaborative, but we weren't quite in the best of class what they would view as strategic. And what they said is, we -- our teams weren't cross-functional enough. So we didn't bring to the discussions with them enough of the supply chain side where we help jointly take cost out of our collective systems, where, while our Shopper Marketing was good, we could beef up those resources. We could beef up things like category management and more importantly, we could get involved in longer-range joint business plans. They said that the top of the class there really brings all those things to bear and ConAgra brings many of those things to bear, but not all the way to bright. So that's one piece as we face the customer. The other thing we've done working again with outside folks is to say how do we stack up against best of breed around what I call pricing architecture and trade management. And this is something we've now brought to the center and we are now working through bringing it to the center and not having it as disparate as it was in the past. So there's a lot of opportunity for us, as Gary mentioned, we've taken a lot of steps over the last 4 or 5 years to get better but to ultimately get to best in class. What we've learned is you create a center of excellence for revenue management and trade management and you centralize those resources with the appropriate skill sets and the levels that you need, and that's the journey we're on and that's the path we're on now because as we've talked to more people, that is clearly best in class and we're not there yet. So I think that's the move and it's very holistic. It has a lot of similarities, as I said, to what the success we've had in supply chain and that's the path that we're on. And we feel very confident that this is going to pay very big dividends as we move through fiscal year '12.
André Hawaux: I think, clearly, the skill set around pricing and some quant things, the quant skills we need, the answer, Rob, would be, yes. We have some very strong folks internally, so I don't want to diminish their contributions. But yes, I do believe we will strengthen and build more muscles as we bring other people and whether it's from CPG or other sectors, it really is that skill set around pricing being a strategic lever, not a tactical lever.
André Hawaux: Yes, so Alexia, let me talk about -- we believe, as Gary articulated, that we have a very strong innovation pipeline. I'm going to give you an example of why I believe that, that's very true and how that's become -- that's getting manifested in the marketplace. And I'm going to use Frozen as the example because I think it's the one that we can bring it most to life. Number one, if you take a look at what I've shared with this group in the past about the things we need to do on Frozen was, one, we need to win in single-serve meals, we need to broaden our footprint into multi-serve meals because we were really not capturing any of that growth in that because we weren't really present in that space and lastly, capturing adjacencies with our brands, things like food pies, desserts, et cetera. The innovation has really supported all those things, and if you look at all 3 of those things and single-serve meals for fiscal year 2011 that just ended, we won, we gained share. We continue to increase our distribution across all of our brands: Banquet, Marie Callender and Healthy Choice. Multi-serve meals, with the advent of the micro right tray and our multi-serve expansion with Marie Callender, we gained share, we grew that business very nicely, again, continuing to deliver on that. And capturing adjacencies, we did well with not only the acquisition of American Pie, but the ability to also take Banquet into a food pie process as well and into that space. So tray-in-tray has been key to our success there, that's innovation. That we're the only ones that have that and same thing with micro right trays. So the example I would give this audience is Frozen is where we have hit on all the things that we talked about. And we have a lot more work to do across our portfolio, but that as the example when Gary and the teams speaks about platform innovation and leveraging our innovation to do the things we need to do in the marketplace. And we're also seeing pricing -- if you look at sequential pricing in Frozen that you can look at from an average price per unit standpoint, using ROI or Nielsen or whatever you're looking at. You see sequential price improvement in periods '10, '11 and '12 as we exit the year, and as we go into the new year we're seeing it as well. So innovation is allowing us to price and those are the things we're doing. So Frozen for us is really our internal case study of how we do it and how we do it well. We now have to bring that to other pillars.
John Gehring: Yes, and certainly, Dave, there is a mechanical aspect to this as we put our plans together, we do rebuild incentives. And to your point about the reverse being true next year, we are planning for our incentives to be back at target under the assumption that we will earn them. So there is a big, fairly large swing the other way. But again, I don't know that I view that as a headwind as much as I do a plan that will fund once we perform.
John Gehring: Well, I guess in terms of our comfort level, I'd say we're about as comfortable as we be given the volatility of the markets today. So we are looking every day at the markets and the forward curves and our position. So I think it's the best estimate I think that's available again given the circumstances. We do undertake a number of actions in order to try to manage costs. We do some of that through derivative hedging, we also do it through long-term contracts and supply contracts. I won't -- I'm not going to get into specific coverage that we have on our buy. But I would tell you, again, we're looking at those positions daily and we're obviously trying to balance the need to protect our P&L going forward. But we also need to balance that with the risk that if you lock in too far out in very volatile markets and things collapse, we could end up with a very different competitive problem. So very challenging environment, I think we feel good about our processes and the estimate we have, but it's a lot of hard work going forward.
John Gehring: And that's just a function of the absolute prices that we will be lapping at the end of next year, are going to be lapping much higher prices than in the last couple of quarters.
John Gehring: This is John. I'll start, the interest is ballparked at around $200 million. The reason for that is we don't have the income in it that we had this year. And on corporate, while we wouldn't say that it is always a precise number, what we're looking at is numbers that are in the same range of each other. We'd be in the mid to high 3s for the year, and we don't see any tremendous volatility across quarters at this point.
John Gehring: It does, but realize not all of those numbers are just corporate. Some of those flow through in the business as well, and particularly...
John Gehring: Yes, this is John. I would start with we are committed to investment-grade rating. We would be willing to pressure that and flex it a little bit, to make the right acquisition. And we think there's plenty of room to do that in our current rating, but if we -- as long as we stay at investment grade, we would be willing to go down for some period of time, but not below investment grade is where our target is.
