Sean Connolly: We’ll give you the entire algorithm and the full story around Pinnacle and our total company at Investor Day. But let me break it down, because I think it’s the importance to the folks on the call just in terms of how we think about this 2022 EPS. Before we bought Pinnacle, we had a base plan that excluded major acquisitions and included share buybacks. And that previous base plan was the EPS benchmark we’ve looked deep in the context of the deal. So when evaluating Pinnacle the assumptions we had at the time, we concluded the acquisition would deliver high single-digit EPS accretion relative to that previous base plan. Obviously, that accretion translated to an absolute EPS number in our model. What we’re telling you today is that the starting point is lower due to Pinnacle’s year end business weakness. But given the synergy over delivery we now expect and the business recovery, we expect to get right back to the same place at EPS by 2022. Clearly, the year-on-year EPS growth will now be higher since 2019 is lower, so the CAGR will be higher.
Sean Connolly: I appreciate that Ken. I will tell you that our passion for this business did not lead us to overlook anything at all as already mentioned, there’s only so much you can’t see in public due diligence. There were, Pinnacle it's not a brand, it’s a diverse company of brands. And so there were obviously businesses that were up and businesses that were down, we were back that in the middle diligence, Wish-Bone as an example with the business, one of the businesses that was beginning to show challenges. But as you can see in your own charts, a lot of what we’re talking about here has really accelerated very dramatically in the second half of this calendar year. So that’s pretty late in the equation. It’s disappointing I’m not going to tell you that we are not disappointed with the State of the Union. But by the same token, I would tell you we are very confident that we know exactly what to do here, not an overnight trip. This is going to be fundamentals and hard work as we’ve done before. But these are very good brands. I just pointed out we’ve got a concentration here on three businesses. The big one is Birds Eye. Birds Eye was the latest one to emerge, to your question, in terms of it's really showing its weakness. And it was for the reasons that I just described and a more active competitor there. So these are not structural issues we’re talking about here. These are real business performance issues but there are executional issues, and they’re ones that we will be on top of as we go forward. And we’re going to share with you what exactly those plans look like and what the cadence is about getting these businesses right where they need to be when we do our Investor Day in April.
Sean Connolly: Yes, glad to be brought this up. Let me talk net sales, because I know you all see the ramp in net sales in the second half and therefore it'd be on your mind. I wanted you to just be very clear of where we stand on this. Overall, we are very pleased with our top line strength. I think you can see from our presentations, and I’m talking legacy CAG here. I think you could see from our presentations, we have been very successful innovating and modernizing our brands. And because of the Pinnacle acquisition, we have done something out of ordinary for us, which is provide quarterly guidance for past two quarters, which is something we prefer not to do given typical shipment volatility around quarter close. We saw a bit of that this quarter as some of our shipments fell after ThanksGiving and into December. So you’re really talking about a small shift here really between ThanksGiving and Christmas. And as I mentioned earlier that is not a typical, and it can add some unpredictability to how our revenue was recognized in the quarter. But most importantly, our consumption patterns have continued to build, which is the real story we want to stress, and that will translate to a very strong second half. And the way to think about that ramp is that our first half innovation is now hitting its stride fully out there in the marketing programs they're on and our second half slate, which includes the snacking initiatives I just showed, is very strong and it's also very good mix. And on top of that, the pricing that we have taken is now in the marketplace and being realized, particularly in the second half; so all of that conspires to result in continued momentum on our top line, which we feel very good about for the balance of the year, and the reiteration of our standalone legacy ConAgra guidance.
Sean Connolly: Well, a couple of points here. One is as you might imagine when we really got a handle on that what’s going to happen in some of these TPDs, because of the weakness of the Pinnacle innovation, we have sprung into action to stop further proliferation of similar types of SKUs. But we’ve also sprung in action in terms of rebuilding a new innovation pipeline with the Pinnacle team and the ConAgra team working arm and arm to do that, but that’s going to take some time. It’s not going to be all at the exact same window, so it won’t all be the beginning of the second half of 2020. Whatever we can get into the marketplace faster, we will get in.  And by the way, on TPDs and shelf set, different categories have different numbers of modes that are reset during the year and they happen at different times. But just a couple of words on TPDs, because I think it is top of mind for everybody. Big picture, the key to strong distribution for any given brand are, A, superior innovation and B, the category leading velocities that follow. So if you think about legacy CAG, we have industry leading velocities and key businesses like frozen single serve meals. But we’re actually under skewed today, which is why we continue to grow TPDs and we see further upside from here. Pinnacle, obviously has had their innovation challenges at the same time and better innovation from competition and that's translated to TPD losses. We will fix that. Another point I want to make on TPDs that you need to keep in mind as you look at TPD, because I think it can be a helpful metric but it also can be misleading, which is the case right now for example on our largest legacy ConAgra business Marie Callender. Let me tell you what's going on with Marie, because Marie is in a very good place right now. Recall, we did a full restage on Marie Callender this year. We reformulated all the products for higher quality, they are higher margin. We eliminated low value SKUs. We've redesigned and modernized the packaging. We launched comfort bowls and we're also optimizing our trade promotions. So overall what we are seeing is that the brand is healthier with growing base sales, higher margins and less trade promotion. TPDs though are actually down by design and that's because we work with retailers to get more facings on our top movers. So if you look at Q2 as an example on Marie Callender, we saw a velocity improvement of 7% in Q2 over last year and we will take that trade all day long, because it results in a stronger P&L top and bottom line. But you can't see that dynamic when you look at TPD. So as you talk to us even off the call and you’re trying to understand this, let's look at TPD but let's -- we'll try to give you the full story in terms of what we're doing strategically to drive overall better real estate. Because in other words what I'm telling you is TPDs can be a blunt instrument. They only tell you how many items scan, skews scan at a store. They don't tell you how much real estate a brand actually occupies.
Sean Connolly: No, we’re staying full theme ahead on the productivity efforts that are underway, both for Pinnacle’s business and for ConAgra’s business. What we’ll happen though, Jason, is we will -- now that we’ve got hold of the company, our supply chain team is all over Pinnacle assets to see if there is additional value that we can add. We talked about our synergies today that’s already a work here, things like applying our CPS program, ConAgra Performance System to the Pinnacle manufacturing assets and supply chain overall. So all of that work is underway and Dave will give you a full update on that as part of our Investor Day, Dave Marberger -- Dave Biegger when we're bigger when we're together in April.
Sean Connolly: That is a piece of it, Rob. I think another significant piece that I already talk -- big piece of this whole spiralized space has been a very, very big opportunity and a competitor has really taken that business at major customers. With respect to private label in frozen overtime, here’s how I think about that. As we’ve said before, private label make sense in highly commoditized subcategories but it really has never made sense for work historically in finished meals, side dishes, enhancers, appetizers and things like that. Every few years that I've been around the frozen space, you will have a retailer give it a go but it has never taken hold and it probably will happen again from time to time. It's happening a little bit now in vegetables, but the outcome is unlikely to be any different in these more -- these less commoditized subcategories. Ultimately, when customers see that their store brand advocacy is resulting in declining category sale, there is the there will be the exact same reversal we've seen before. So that's the dynamic that I've seen over and over again, and it plays out the same way almost every single time. 
Sean Connolly: Well, it's customer by customer, David. So if there's a customer right now that is taking a stronger advocacy position on a private label, you easily could have other customers that are going in the opposite direction. So this is a never ending dynamic that we deal with in all of our categories and vegetables is a newer one also managed. You all know within Birds Eye, it's a vast franchise from more commoditized looking vegetables to side dishes all the way through complete meals. So you've got different dynamics in each of those and they will continue to evolve over time with pluses and negatives across the customer base and within any given customer across the mix of those sub-segments.
Sean Connolly: Well, this is obviously a very recent problem. As I pointed out today, Pinnacle previously had delivered strong and sustained performance through pretty good execution on these leadership brands. And these innovations that we talked about today did garner good trial. So if you look at Duncan Hines perfect size for one as an example, the sales in the trial window were very strong. So when you look at something like that the early read on it is a positive, but you don't ultimately know what the stickiness of an innovation is going to be until you start to work your way through several repeat cycles. And frankly in the case of Duncan Hines that's exactly the thing that started manifesting itself this year along with a convergence of new competitive products coming into the marketplace that really solve for some of the gaps in the initial innovation. So that really speaks to the Duncan Hines story. With the Birds Eye story, as I pointed out, the real hot piece of the category has been this spiralized space where that is a space where out of the gate there is a new very novel innovation, the margin profile on that for anybody who got into the game would be lower. And one of the key competitors was okay with that and went in and built the beachhead while Birds Eye did not. That was a mistake and it allows competitor to gain some significant market share and continue to build on that momentum. All of that is reversible but that’s the thing that as you can in the data is really emerged as we've gone through the course of this summer.
Sean Connolly: I don’t, right now, envision that Bryan. Again, we spend a lot of time talking to the street around the concepts of total marketing spend, which include dollars above net sales and below net sales. In my estimation, there is plenty of investment in these branded assets you cannot see all of it in AMP that AMP line, as you can see, looks fairly lien. But there is a significant amount of spend above the line. A lot of that is different from the way we spend at ConAgra trade above the line, which is really in high quality retailer oriented marketing programs. There is a lot of promotional behavior here. And as we pointed out, one of the first things we did when we close the deal is we killed a lot of deep discount highly inefficient promotion deals. Since you reminded me greatly of some of the bad habits we had to break at ConAgra when I first got here, it was Pinnacle chasing volume over value. So, there is inefficiency baked into the existing spending base. We’ve got to extract that inefficiency. We’ve got redeployed it against high quality brand building product improvements, packaging improvements, brand architecture improvements, all the stuff that we talked about. And so I am very confident in our ability to do this, because we have built, over the last four years what I think is industry leading analytics, insights and innovation capability. And we’re incredibly flexible and agile organization reflects to the work. So it is abundantly clear now where we’ve got to flex to. We’ve already begun that as you can imagine and now we’ve got played out.
Sean Connolly: Akshay, I don't think there should be any confusion here. We fully agree with your statement that when you have iconic legacy brands, they're not entitled to performance they are capable of performance. And they're capable of performance depending upon whether or not the enterprise can innovate them in ways that drive good profitability and do a fantastic job delighting the consumer. When you look at what we've done with our ConAgra Brands over the last four years, we have taken brands that were once iconic that many folks had written off, like a banquet or a healthy choice. We've dramatically modernized them. We’ve dramatically modernize. We’ve improve the margins. We’ve raised the price points to levels no one felt was possible. And the brands are growing at audacious clips now, some of the north of 20%. And so, that’s a good example of exactly what you’re saying. Pinnacle, as I’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks, has had equal kinds of success in the past. But just because you’re successful in any given window, doesn’t mean that that brand is entitled for that success to carry on forever. Each year brand folks brand companies like ours bring new innovations in the marketplace or have the opportunity to, or they can pass and they can let their brands atrophy. They can also innovate superior innovations or they could innovate subpar innovations. And so clearly the prove is always in the pudding. I would say, my commentary was not harsh but the results in the marketplace were harsh. And that is what we’ve got to correct with the exactly the same as you’re talking about, which is a return to superior execution on the three key leadership brands that we talked about today. It means not missing big consumer opportunities like spiralized with Birds Eye. It equally means making sure the execution is really buttoned up to communicate the benefit that is being delivered to the consumer. So for example, Duncan Hines, Mug Treats being positioned as sweet treat not as portion size cake. These may sound like nuance but they are very important to repeat purchase and the size of the market you create to household penetration, and that’s exactly what we’ve got to go do.
Sean Connolly: Well, I’ll leave the prognostication as to what the root cause is up to you guys. What I’m going to stay focused is putting all of our energy and getting these brands right where they are. What I’m telling you is what we’re seeing is entirely executional in nature and not structural in nature. And given that, we’re going to put all our energy in getting these businesses where they need to be as fast as generally possible.
David Marberger: Yes. So just to build on that, if you look at the calendar year 2018 chart that Sean showed. The gross margins are 220 basis points below the Pinnacle forecast. Half of that mix was from inflation on freight transportation and also as Sean just mentioned coming out of the fresh pack season with higher vegetable inflation. Another part of that though was given the volumes of clients that Sean discussed in the big 3 Pinnacle attempted to add price promotions in the second half to make up for the volume. These were not efficient programs and result in additional gross margin erosion. So to Sean’s point, the inflation is transitory. We’re on it. And we’re also in the process of eliminating these inefficient trade deals. So we’re confident that we’re going to work through this. But the forecast that we put out through the end of fiscal ’19 reflects the continued inflation on vegetables and us working through the inefficient trade.
David Marberger: So, Jason I understand the confusion right, because it's a stop here, because we closed October and there is a lot here. So let me try to break it down for you little bit if you look at our quarter that is basically the month of November for Pinnacle. And you’re right it shows a higher operating margin relative to what we forecast. November is probably the highest single margin month for Pinnacle, because their margins are higher in the second half of their year than the first half. So, we’re basically capturing one month where gross margins are in the 29. But if we look at that month relative to the prior year month, which you don’t see, it's down about 200 basis points. So the first point is and it's reflected on that calendar year 2018 chart. The gross margin versus prior year trending down to 220 basis points is directionally. The second piece is that and we did say it and in our comments is that we have made some decisions to pull low ROI programs, which had an impact on sales of about $30 million. So that is also in our forecast, because you're pulling volume out and you have short-term impact of doing that. But we have long-term benefits when you’re trade rate improves. When you get into the second half of ConAgra, that’s really the first half of what Pinnacle would be in their calendar year. That’s always been a lower absolute gross margin, right. So a little bit of this is we’re cutting off of our May fiscal year and you’re seeing a forecast of gross margin that only picks up the first half of Pinnacle. Having said that, that forecast reflects coming out of the recent tax season for vegetables inflation on vegetables. So, now that’s layering into the forecast as well plus the additional transportation inflation that will continue. So I know it’s complicated but there is a lot of dynamics and because we cut off in May, it’s doesn’t allow you to show the full calendar 2019 Pinnacle, because it’s our fiscal year. So hopefully that gives you -- sheds a little light on the gross margin dynamics.
David Marberger: Just to add on to that. The synergies we say in the upside, these are the cost synergies right. So the 215 were cost synergies. We did not build any revenue synergies into our model. Now obviously the business is down relative to what we had modeled, so we have to do all the things we discussed to bring that business back. But when you talk about upside going out long-term, we believe that there could be a side on revenue synergies. That's not in the updated cost synergy number that we will have.
David Marberger: So on Wesson, we have an agreement to sell the Wesson business for $180 million in cash. As I mentioned, we expect to close by the end of the first quarter of calendar year 2019. So assuming we close at the end of our third quarter for fiscal 2019, the sale would impact our sales about 50 basis points and EPS $0.01 to $0.02 for this fiscal year. On an annual basis, the sale would impact net sales about 200 basis points or about $0.05 EPS on an annual basis. And just again on the capital loss carry forward, there will be very little leakage on this divestiture in terms of the tax paid. So if we didn’t have that asset, for example, the $180 million would really be given the net proceeds we’ll have would be equivalent to a transaction or about $220 million. So that just shows you the value we have of that capital loss carry forward and eliminating the leakage.
David Marberger: So, we’re going -- any commentary for fiscal 2020, we’re going hold off until the April 10th Investor Day. We don’t want to give piece of this thing. We want to give the complete picture with the synergies with our plans. And so we’re going to through all of that and get into our algorithm and cadence at Investor Day.
David Marberger: So as Sean and I both commented, we’re strongly committed to the solid investment grade. We're at 5 times levered at the end of the second quarter, which is where we expect it to be. So with EBITDA off a little bit, we've also come out and have a lower debt. So we've maintained that ratio. Based on our updated estimates of EBITDA and the debt pay down, we have a clear path towards the 3.5 times leverage through the end of '21. But we also have other levers to generate cash for debt pay down. For example, working capital improvement on Pinnacle is a big opportunity, and then just general contingencies we build into our CapEx budget. So we feel comfortable that we have the clear path and flexibility to manage to the target.
