Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to the call, and thanks for joining us. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning we'll talk about the strategic, operating and financial aspects of the quarter and then take your questions. But before we get started, Chris will say a few words about housekeeping matters.
Gary Rodkin: David, let me start. I'll have André add some color. First, on pricing, it's never easy. You know that, we all know, particularly, given the challenging overall environment. However, given the amount of noise and the kind of universal understanding of the commodity pressures, we are getting our pricing through with our customers. And we have taken a good bit, almost half the portfolio on the consumer side in Q3, and we'll be taking more in Q4. Those come in the form of both list prices, as well as changes in our Trade Merchandising. So that is proceeding as we have planned. And in Frozen, I'm glad to hear what you said about one of our competitors because we believe that is the right way to compete in this category. So we are continuing to move forward with our innovation and marketing agenda on Frozen. You will see from us, as we've said, our Trade Merchandising rates will change, as we go forward. So everything as planned.
Gary Rodkin: We are. Let me just -- as I said in the third quarter what we see and what we believe will happen in this space will be this, as you know, is a very frequently promoted category. I think we believe that we'll continue to see frequency, but the depth -- and therefore we're approaching it via trade -- will be something that changes. So the promotional frequency will stay the same. But the depth of frequency will change, and you'll see price points go up. And we're actually starting to see that if -- you'll start to see that flow through in IRI very shortly.
Gary Rodkin: David, we were trying to be extremely transparent as we always are in our release. So we're telling the facts as they come. We did trim back a bit of our marketing because of the competitive pressures and the inflation. We expect to see those levels go back up, as we go forward. On incentives, it's purely mathematical exercise. We pay for performance. So whatever our performance is dictating on an operating basis is the incentives that we pay, and therefore they are lower than they were a year ago. As it pertains to inflation, this quarter, about 5% to 6%. And as we go forward into F12, we're talking about around 7%. So yes, it is a challenging environment. We are taking a lot of actions. You've heard us talk about pricing, we are serious about that. You heard me say at CAGNY, not a choice, it's an imperative. That's not the only thing we're doing. We're making our marketing work harder. We’ve got lots of innovation, lots of productivity. So we don't intend to be bleak or negative whatsoever, just realistic.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. That's a tough one because the dynamics in the industry are such that we announce and then there's a time lag that gives customers a chance to adjust. So it's always going to be a bit of a time lag. It keeps rolling forward. So what we took in Q3, you'll see take more impact in Q4.
Gary Rodkin: Andrew, the sequential improvement, we were seeing a pretty reasonable gap between volume and net sales in the first half of the year, a couple of points. That certainly has improved a lot in Q3, on about flat volume. But André’s right, as we get all of this impacted on the shelf, we just want to play it in a realistic or even more conservative standpoint. We clearly are trying to impact how much we take and how much we bring to the bottom line with a very significant productivity, combination of productivity and price. So it really is about both of those things. But we have said, we are willing to make some modest volume trade-off. We’re serious about that because it's the right thing for us to do. I think the key word is modest. But it's kind of we're going to have to wait and see how consumers adjust.
Gary Rodkin: Eric, I think we like when we see that kind of activity in the freezer case because we believe that's a platform that we can compete very well on, and we welcome it. In terms of space, we are at least holding our own, in some cases gaining. So we feel good about that. But that's the right way to compete in this segment, with innovation and product quality and marketing. So we welcome that.
Gary Rodkin: Clearly, absorption is always something that we keep an eye on. What we're not going to do is run the plants at whatever costs in terms of discounting just to keep the plants full. But we do have a very tight focus on absorption, and it does matter to us.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I'd say that we're not rejecting bullish volume growth for the time being. That's correct. That's why it's so important for us to work on the productivity side to make sure that we offset any of those potential absorption issues.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, that's for the total company. I'd say it's south of that. On the Consumer business, it's probably in the, I don't know, 7% range or so.
Gary Rodkin: A lot of that has to do with mix. Not all volume is created equal. So our base organic volume growth was about flat, maybe slightly up in this quarter. And some of that has to do with some of the pass-through categories like oil and spreads.
Gary Rodkin: Yes, Ann. I would tell you what we have included in that algorithm are minor tuck-ins that wouldn't account for more than -- at the most, a point. So not a huge factor. What we are talking about now and what we tried to convey at CAGNY, is that we believe we're at the point where we can start to look a bit more aggressively on the acquisition front. Not that we're going to go crazy and turn the place upside down, but we are looking to change the equation a bit more from more divestiture to, hopefully, a bit more acquisition. So we are looking for growth, and we're going to do it in a responsible way. Not any it [ph], what I'm talking about right there is not truly built into the algorithm.
Gary Rodkin: And in terms of our scope of what we are looking at, it's where we think we can leverage our capabilities. That's really what the determining factor is.
Gary Rodkin: Yes and it's meant to be incremental and proprietary. And I think when you see Pop Up Bowl get onto the shelf, that will be a real good example of something in the center store.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the results that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business and cause our results to differ from expectations, I'll refer you to the documents we filed with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the Q&A or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link, and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: And this is Chris, the only thing I would build on that answer, there's nothing specific about acquisitions for fiscal '12 to talk about today.
Chris Klinefelter: This is Chris. When we're talking about cost-reduction efforts today, most of those are in the Consumer Foods cost of goods sold. And then as John was discussing earlier, a big piece of what you see in lower comparable corporate is due to incentives. And as a lesser degree of things that we have that will cut across a variety of departments that are smaller in that math.
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. This concludes our conference call. And just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the Web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
André Hawaux: The only thing I would add, David -- I think Gary said it very well. I think on the Frozen piece, we are seeing the competitive set move to competing more on innovation and marketing, which we believe is the right way to go. So we're encouraged by that. That has been our drive, and our mantra has been around our platform innovation in Frozen and specifically, driving our marketing in that vein so that consumers understand the great value that is in Frozen, the great quality. So the category actually grows. So we're very encouraged by what we see the competitors doing in this space.
André Hawaux: Andrew, this is André. I think we were encouraged by what we saw in Q3. I would just caution the audience that we took, as Gary said, just slightly, just under 50% of our portfolio. The rest comes in Q4 and then there's more. So what we're cautious about is what we saw in Q3, we're encouraged by, but we also know that the consumer will now go through another round of pricing at the next level as we price the lion's share of our portfolio. By the end of Q4, we think we'll touch probably, Andrew, in the neighborhood of 90% to 95% of our portfolio. And that's what gives us just caution, just to try to understand what the elasticities will be as consumers deal with this. And that's been our issue all year. As we look at some of our categories, which are very high stock-up to Gary's point, categories like single-serve convenient meals, we've seen folks just buy less of those products, still very good value. So that's where we're a little cautious at this point.
André Hawaux: Andrew, it's André. I'd answer that, yes, we have -- we probably felt a little bit uncomfortable. But as Gary has mentioned over and over again and at CAGNY, it is an imperative for us. It's not one decision that we take lightly, but it's something we have to do given what we see with respect to inflation.
André Hawaux: So a couple of things, Bryan. This is André. I think this year -- as we saw the year unfold, we did have to make some Sophie's choices, if you will relative to our marketing spend. And I think John and Gary articulated earlier, we have to make the spending that we had in the marketplace as effective as possible because we did see a shift between our advertising spending and our trade promotion spending. But that focus has been largely on innovation. If you take a look at a lot of the campaigns that we've had, whether it's the Honest to Goodness on Healthy Choice, it's Time to Savor on Marie Callender. That's all been focused on innovation. And you all will start to see the marketing we’ll be putting forward on top of those. So the use of our dollars that we had in this space in fiscal year 2011 was as effective as we can make it, given what happened in the overall macro industry. I think for us as we build our plans -- and we'll share more of this, obviously, in our Q4 call -- we will actually be reversing that trend and taking out trade promotions that we believe are ineffective and taking pricing up and also moving more of those dollars to pull dollars because that's exactly the formula we want to be able to basically thrive on as we go forward. So it's going to be more pull and less push in the outer years.
André Hawaux: Terry, just a comment on that. Our forecast that John shared with you on CCRs, ConAgra cost reductions, and consumer all link to our volume forecast. So we build those plans, and then we link them together so that nothing we are sharing on is not linked to our volumes.
André Hawaux: Terry, I would say there's a couple of very strong growth categories there as we’ve talked about and we shared with you all at CAGNY. I think what we call our Snacks Breakfast business, which is largely our Bar business, is actually doing very, very well, and we continue to gain share and momentum with that business. I think the other categories, which we typically call power of two, things like canned pasta and cooking spray, I think we're doing very well at where those categories are. But the emphasis really has been on our Snacks Breakfast business and that is growing in the low-double digit range.
André Hawaux: Yes, Alexia, this is André. I think we're very comfortable with what we shared many of you down at CAGNY. Also we have in the pipeline that we'll be sharing with you in the future as we talk about our growth plans. I think for us we have been pretty steadfast in saying, we're not going to be driven by number of SKUs we launch every year. That we’re really going to be driven around platforms. So you see us in Frozen, with steaming as one of our platforms. You're now seeing something with our multi-serve offering with microwave tray so for us it's really going to be around platform innovation. We're not going to be overfocused on number of SKUs because we want the things to launch to -- we call it sticky innovation around here and make sure that these are SKUs that are going to be in the marketplace for a very, very long time.
André Hawaux: It's more of the latter, which you mentioned. It's about the right timing and making sure they're incremental, they're platform-based. We see long-term runway on them. So we don't necessarily have a number. Some years, it's going to be higher. Some years, it's going to be lower.
John Gehring: I would just say there were a handful of fairly minor improvements and it could have been across a number of departments and functions in corporate. Probably nothing significant to call out by itself.
John Gehring: Yes. Let me just remind everybody on -- most all of the share repurchase that we executed this quarter and that we're expecting for the second half of the year, relates to the proceeds from the PIK notes that we got earlier in December. And so if you just look at the full year impact of the shares we've taken out, that really just offsets the impact of the interest income we've lost from those PIK notes. So if you look at a full-year impact, both of those things are about a wash. So I really don't know that that's been a significant impact on how we look at our algorithm. Our algorithm was really, I think, more just looking at the environment we're in and the categories and inflation and all the various operating aspects of the business.
John Gehring: I guess what I'd say is the comp expense has been coming down over the course of the year. We try to gauge it, as we go. At this point I don't have a specific comment on where I expect corporate expense to be. But the prior quarters are probably reasonably good indicators.
John Gehring: Yes, Vincent, that's right. It's primarily driven by – there’s just change in incentives year-over-year. So I think you’ve got it right.
John Gehring: No, I don't see any significant. If you're referring to where do we see at year-end, I don't think you're going to see a material difference between this year and last year from a quality standpoint based upon volumes. I think as we've said before, given the nature of some of our products and crop-based products, we do tend to liquidate inventory from kind of the half, mid-point of the year on down through year-end. So we would expect to see some continuing decline on our inventory balances.
John Gehring: It's just the ongoing impact of trying to drive a zero overhead growth culture and it’s just what we try to drive every day.
John Gehring: I'll start, this is John. I think, as we said at CAGNY, one of our financial priorities is to have a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. So I don't want to get into specific ratios or anything else here today. But while we think we certainly have some capacity, I would say one of our boundaries at this point is to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet.
Paul Maass: Sure. This is Paul. It's not a market share situation. It's just really about margin management in an extremely volatile environment.
Paul Maass: I think that's a simple way to put it. When you're dealing with -- if you follow the grain markets, the kind of volatility that we had in the marketplace, a lot more activity when it comes to contracting with customers and just managing our entire kind of book of business. And it really focuses much more on that.
Paul Maass: This is Paul. I would probably frame it as we believe the bottom's in. So things are improving, and I think you kind of termed it right, we feel like the bottom's in, and the trend is a bit more favorable.
