Sean Connolly: Thanks, Darren. Turning to Slide 18, as we move through the remainder of fiscal 2017 and beyond, we will continue to execute against our portfolio management principles. As we discussed earlier, we're now lapping last year's pricing actions and expect to see further improvement in our top line trends while we continue to expand our margins. Our innovation progress is also accelerating and we expect to see our new products begin to hit the market in early fiscal 2018. Again, we will continue to chip away at the gross margin opportunity while we deliver profitable growth. Finally, we will continue to look for opportunities to reshape our portfolio. This could include exiting brands in an efficient manner and using our tax asset. We expect it will also include continuing to enhance our current portfolio to a disciplined approach to M&A. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are pleased with the progress we're making. We're confident that the strategy we have in motion is the right one to drive improved consistency in our performance and profitability while delivering long term value for our shareholders. Now before I turn the call over to Dave, I want to thank our talented and dedicated ConAgra Brands employees who continue to embrace change and execute our strategy while doing a tremendous job at serving our customers. With that, Dave, over to you.
Sean Connolly: All right. For those of you who are still on the line, we just learned we've been having some technical difficulties and some of our audience has not been able to hear. We are going to go ahead and proceed with Q&A, hoping that the folks who are in the queue for Q&A can get their questions through and we'll stay the course here and see if we can get this done. Let's open it up to Q&A, Operator.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, let me tackle that. We're not going to get into fiscal '18 this quarter. We'll tackle that next quarter, but on TPDs, as we've talked before, a lot of this is exactly what we've been planning to do. Let's put the volume in its proper perspective. We are fundamentally rewiring a 100-year-old company here for higher margins better growth prospect, and that wasn't going to be done without unwinding some legacy practices. If you think about what we've done so far this year, we've materially reduced our reliance on promotion, we've raised prices, we pruned low value skews as you pointed out and we essentially pushed pause on launching new items so we could begin the heavy-lifting of rebuilding our innovation pipeline based on new analytics and Darren showed you some of that work today, which will hit the shelves next year. The upshot of all of this is that our top line is pretty close to what we anticipated with perhaps a bit more challenging recent environment across the industry, tied to some of the transitory dynamics that have been discussed. But the bottom line is we are making very good progress overall in this company for better margins and stronger brands going forward and we will continue to look for progressive improvement on the top line.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew. We do have some plumbings. We have opened headcount and we will continue to fill those. We will see an uptake as we get into Q4 and into F'18. But having said that, we feel very good about how quickly we were able to cut the cost and that we're going to hit our target earlier than we expected, but there will be some increase into Q4 as we fill some of the headcount.
Sean Connolly: Ken, we've got some spend in the fourth quarter and this is part of you've got to see it's going to split across fiscal years, but some of our new item introduction costs do hit right around the end of the fiscal year, beginning of the new fiscal year. So that's one of the variables that we were dealing with right now. It's why we gave the guidance the way we gave it on the top line. It didn't try to tread the needle any more closely. But this will be our typical going forward new item timing, where we'll talk about our upcoming innovations in Q3, we will shoot to get some of that out the door and incur some of the startup cost in Q4. But some of that also typically would be lead across fiscal years. So that's where you don't want to get overly precise, but that is our launch window.
Sean Connolly: There has clearly been a shift to non-measured channels, Ken, but I wouldn't put it all on the last few months. Obviously this is a hot topic in our industry right now around the recent softening of consumption. The way I think about what we've seen recently is that it's largely driven by transitory dynamics, like for example, the tax refund timing notion that has been widely discussed and even the warmer winter, we're not particularly exercised about those transitory drivers. What we are focused on is this simple notion that's old as the hills and that is the fact that consumer behaviors in case are perpetually changing with the obvious implication being that if we want to be a high performing branded company, we need to evolve with them and that's what we're doing. We have conducted an analysis as to what's going on with our consumer. We see clear shifts toward things like healthier, more convenient meals, things like more snacking and more shopping to your point and unmeasured channels; as well as things like more multi-cultural consumers. We're tracking all this. We're also interestingly seeing that the foods that are growing are premium-priced relative to those that are declining, meaning interestingly, quality is an important consideration in the consumer calculus around value, not just price. So these findings, whether it's non-measured channels or other things, it's informing our innovation and go to market agenda. The way I think about it is in terms of the macro issues you're seeing; these are not what some might call [indiscernible] times. These are times that companies like ours need to be externally focused on innovation and that's what we're doing.
Sean Connolly: Sure. Thanks, Alexia. On the private label piece, first of all, obviously, that is a category-by-category dynamic. Fortunately in our categories on average, we don't have huge private label development so it tend to be less of a factor for us. In terms of the promotional environment, clearly we have cut back materially on our promotional activities, but you got to put it in perspective. That's relative to an excessively promotional posture as a company. We still do plenty of promoting; we still have a large trade budget. It's just more efficient and it's more practical than it was historically. So to the degree that we need to be competitive in our categories on promotion -- we are -- we're just not out over our SKU as much as we were historically. It's not been an abandon in any way, shape or form of promotion. Promotion plays a role and it obviously plays a different role on different categories, but it's been more of a right-sizing of the way we promote particularly around depth of promotion and at some brands, it's a frequency issue as well. There are still plenty of promotion out there. There are customers who continue to have more of a promotional strategy than perhaps others. That tends to be on average [indiscernible] a little bit, but it's still out there and some of those are regional dynamics.
Sean Connolly: Clearly, M&A will be a part of our playbook. Whether it's small or modernizing acquisitions like Frontera, or Duke's, or larger synergistic acquisitions. As we weigh these moves, we will be disciplined strategically and financially. In terms of the environment and when we might make an acquisition, it really depends upon the situation, but certainly, if a value-creating opportunity were to emerge, we've got the balance sheet and the organizational capacity to act.
Sean Connolly: Jon, both the SG&A programs that we've been working and our productivity programs and the supply chain have been critical to us, being able to expand our margins and being able to offset absorption issues. But one of the benefits we've had a company which may be a bit different from what you see elsewhere in the industry is we plan for this volume reductions. We plan for pull back and promotion, we plan for SKU rationalization. So our supply chain team in particular has been out way ahead of this from day one, looking for ways to take out cost so that we could offset the deleveraging associated with walking away from this low-quality volume that was embedded in our base. I tip my hat to them because they have done nothing short of an extraordinary job. So we're putting a pretty significant dent in this overall effort this fiscal year and I think we are doing what as I've said before, it may not be pretty optically, but if you're ConAgra and you want to get to what we're all trying to get to which is a higher margin stronger growth profile company, you have to go through these moves. You can't get there without taking this course and our supply chain team has done an outstanding job in helping us navigate it this year.
Sean Connolly: Rob, maybe what would be most helpful is just to describe what we're going through. As we reset this company, redesigned their organization and we also moved geographies, we created some vacancies and then fully recognizing that we are building new capabilities around insights, innovation, integrated margin management, et cetera, and that we would need to bring in some folks who are exquisitely skilled in these areas that we call differentiating capabilities. We are very particular in terms of who we bring on to our team. We are very patient to get the right people on the bus and we have operated that way this year, which is why we have lived with some of these vacancies, but we continue to hire people and continue to bring new people in. That's going to continue in Q4. It's a directional thing. It's more of a small migration than I would say -- any kind of use the word rebate -- so I wouldn't think in that regard at all.
Sean Connolly: On your M&A question, Rob, at Investor Day, we talked about two kinds of acquisitions we're open to modernizing acquisitions which are still more on trend brands like some of what you've seen us do. We also talked about larger synergistic acquisitions that would have more financial impact near term. I don't want to apply in any way that our strategy deals one way or the other and that is a string of pearl strategy and you said it's not. We're open to both and either side of that ledger makes sense for us and whether or not there's actionability in a way that makes sense financially for us. So we've got to be in a position of readiness or either kinds of deals and I feel like we are should the right opportunities emerge. In the most recent case with Pinacci [ph] Foods, it happened to be a modernizing acquisition.
Sean Connolly: Let me start, Jason, with as you look at the quarter, overall, we had that 70 basis points of priced mix benefit as a company, really coming from our international business and price increases that we took there in the last quarter. If you look at both grocery and snacks and refrigerated frozen and you peel the onion back, we did have price realization benefits in both of those segments. So we had 50 basis points of price benefit in grocery and snacks in 90 basis points from refrigerated-frozen. We did have some offsets related to mix and that really just comes down to that certain items had a higher average net sales per unit than the average. That's really a timing thing for the third quarter. We feel really good about the progress we're making in both our pricing and our trade efficiency and we are seeing that this quarter may have, too, a little bit by the mix, but that's a timing thing.
Sean Connolly: Jason, I feel really good about where we are. We'll obviously get into specific guidance next time, but just principally, if you think about it, when you reset your top line for a higher quality foundation, it ought to be just that. It ought to be a higher quality foundation from which you can build. And then when you initiate a new innovation program like the one that we've really mobilized and some of you got to see it [indiscernible] and you layer it on top of that stronger foundation where you've taken out a lot of the things that were holding you back previously, I think it sets you up for success. That's why we at our Investor Day gave the long term top line algorithm that we did. We believe that what we're doing this fiscal year is essential in terms of creating a foundation off of which to build and what we're doing in Darren's area with the growth center of excellence is an important investment so we can actually lay those bricks on top of that stronger foundation. Our supply chain team has been doing an outstanding job of delivering productivity for years now and as Dave Biegger pointed out at our Investor Day, we anticipate additional benefits in realized productivity going forward as part of our program. You put all that together and I think ConAgra remains a very compelling investment for our investors and we've got a very solid shareholder value creation potential here.
Sean Connolly: Well, we're not giving guidance for 2018 today, but I have spoken on market many times about how I think about our A&P spend. These are the some other companies I work for. Our A&P budget, I think it's very robust. It's competitive and we've been in the mid fours. It's not the kind of A&P rate that in my mind require some kind of A&P rebate. Now what we have been doing on A&P though is trying to get more effective and efficient within our existing expense. Darren's team has a very aggressive program to ship more of our A&P budget from non-working dollars to working dollars. That is happening very effectively and then within the working dollars, we are changing the way we use A&P. Not only are we very disciplined in which brands we apply it to, but we're much more digital, social today than traditional TV. The mix of marketing tools that we use is different, it's more effective. The net of all of this is I feel like our overall A&P level is about right while it continues to get more effective.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Lubi, we're not going to give guidance in terms of sales next year or by quarter. But what I do want to point out -- I've said this before -- is that as you think about a big part of what we've been doing is walking away from deep discount promotions. Promotional activities are long LEAD time planning items with customers. So there's not one given quarter where we lap it and it's over. It varies by customer. Some customers have their event flocked in out farther into the future than others. So we'll continue to tight rate-off of these types of superhot deals and that will go on for a while until we get it out of our base. But obviously, a lot of the heavier lifting in that regard will be behind us as we exit this year. We still have certain customers and certain regions on certain SKUs, who even this past year have done deeper discount deals and we'll navigate our way out of those over time. That's kind of a principle point around how this thing unfolds. In terms of the building blocks to aid and improve top line, one, is to get some of the weaker businesses out of our base to create a more stable foundation; and two, is to begin to really reengage the consumer to shop our brand off of the shelf based on the merits of the brands, not based on the depth of the discount on deal. You're seeing that begin to happen already. As you look at the velocities on base that we're seeing today, they are higher and what that really is indicating is that we are succeeding in reconditioning our consumer, the shopper, to re-experience our brand in a whole price non-merchandized condition and when you then layer on top of that new marketing and new innovation, we think that's the right way to run a branded portfolio.
Sean Connolly: Yes. That was related to our SG&A and as we mentioned, that our SG&A is very favorable and that has been planned, but we've had some additional favorability, primarily from open headcount. We're filling a lot of positions and we're in the process of doing that. So as we continue to fill them, more those cost will come in Q4 and into next year. That's really what we're referring to there.
Dave Marberger: Yes. It's Dave. Just to clarify your point, you're right. The guidance implies that for the fourth quarter, sales will be down 3.5% to get the down 5% for the year. As we said down 5% or slightly below, that's where there could be a little bit of difference there. But as Sean said, we're going to continue to bend the trend, but that's how you get to the number.
Dave Marberger: David, so as we've said at the Investor Day for fiscal year '17, we expected our inflation to be about 1% for the year. That is what we're seeing. If you look at the gross margin improvement this quarter, up 180 basis points or 110 if you exclude the divestiture. A good percentage of that was driven by overall supply chain productivity which includes input costs reduction. We feel really good about this year. We're in the process of putting together fiscal year '18, so next quarter; we'll give more specific guidance as it relates to next year. But for this year, that 1% is what we're seeing and that's a big part of what's helping drive the [indiscernible] ability in gross margin.
Dave Marberger: Rob, we'll get into more granularity on our next call for '18. We did at Investor Day say that SG&A as a percentage of sales would be flat over the three-year horizon. It's 10.8%, so we're obviously more favorable to that year-to-date as a percentage of net sales. So as we close the fourth quarter and then look forward, we'll give you more detail on that '18, but generally, that's the way we're looking at it, yes.
Dave Marberger: Hey, Matt. When we look at acquisitions, we start with the strategic rational. So if you're talking about a synergistic acquisition, we're going to go through our acquisition criteria to make sure it makes sense strategically and then obviously all the financial metrics makes sense. Like every other company, we are all looking at what's on the table right now in terms of potential tax reform. Obviously there's nothing solid-right. So all you can do is scenario-plan, but that is clearly not driving what we're thinking about for acquisitions. It starts with strategy and financial hurdles and then we just look at scenarios and how it could impact acquisitions as we move forward.
Dave Marberger: I think despite nature, there is some volatility in that industry, but if you look at Ardent Mills for the third quarter, we had a very solid third quarter -- the volumes increased, they took advantage of market opportunities to build share and they're recognizing operating efficiency with the plans which a year ago they were actually investing in their infrastructure. So we're seeing some of that pay off. So, pleased with the progress they're making for sure.
