Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, Sean here. I am very confident in that. The inventory destocking piece, there are two aspects to that. First of all, that we got to kind of separate. One is the hurricane which caused us to ship ahead of consumption in Q2 and reverse in Q3. The second was more of the unexpected decline in a handful of customer inventories near the end of the calendar year.  I have seen that pattern before in my career numerous times. It tends to happen near the end of major customers’ fiscal years. In previous experience, it tends to almost always be transitory. So, I have no reason to believe that we are not going to see shipments and consumption converge. And then when you couple that with the fact that we’ve got very strong innovations in the marketplace today, our baseline velocities continue to improve and our total points of distribution continue to improve and the fact that we don’t have that much left to go in the balance of the fiscal year, we are very confident and really encouraged by the top-line expectations we have for the fourth quarter. 
Sean Connolly: Sure. Real quick upfront, David. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, some of these transitory factors we are dealing with right now, we don’t expect them to have an impact on our longer-term margin outlook. But obviously, kind of the topic of the moment right now in our industry is inflation, productivity, pricing. So, let me tell you how I think about those things, big picture.  I’ll start with inflation. Obviously, inflation happens, it is a fact of life and we view it as our job to navigate it as effectively as we possibly can to protect our margins. Productivity and pricing are two critical levers and we’ve got strong capabilities around each of those levers.  That doesn’t mean that there won’t be short-term volatility, particularly when you are in a window where commodity inflation pivots from being benign to being acute as well as being in a window where you’re simultaneously investing to drive consumer trial of a very strong innovation slate. On productivity, the way I think about it is our team continues to do an excellent job executing on their projects in delivering strong gross productivity.  As Dave pointed out though, there were some transitory offsets that suppressed what we call realized productivity in this quarter, but those won’t be reoccurring. Then when it comes to pricing, as you’ve seen over the past few years, we’ve been quite focused on liberating our brands from ultralow, legacy price points where our brands were stuck for decades.  But principally, we think about pricing three ways. First, inflation-justified pricing, second, trade efficiency, and third, premium priced innovation which has been significant for our company as you saw in the CAGNY presentation. All three of these pricing tools have and all three will continue to play a role. And pricing isn’t easy.  Frankly it never has been. I wouldn’t have all these white hairs if it was, but, it’s tough and it’s often complex. But as I think most of you know, we are partnering very, very closely with our customers these days and our customers are quite happy with the innovation programs that they are getting from ConAgra Brands and they understand that the fuel for those innovations comes from our margins. Now obviously, not every brand and every category is created equal, which is why we think about revenue management and integrated margin management broadly. But overall, I am confident that we will continue to move the centerline of our profitability north over time and then, simultaneously reduce the standard deviation around that centerline over time. 
Sean Connolly: Well, obviously, Akshay, we believe in strong brands, because strong brands tend to equate with lower elasticities of demand, lower elasticities of demand tends to equate with greater ability to price for the desired impact. But I think it’s important to point out that brand strength is not a right, it has to be earned and there have been a lot of legacy brands in our industry that have weakened over time because they were neglected over time.  We have worked incredibly hard to infuse modern attributes into our brands, so that we can reacquaint consumers with our brand and re-earn their respect and re-earn the credibility of those brands and we are doing it in a way that translating to higher price realization and over time will translate to higher margins. And it’s been our value over volume strategy where we pull the lot of the weak stuff out of the base.  We’ve backed off on promotions and we’ve strengthened the fundamentals. So now, going forward, as we talked at CAGNY, when you think about the runway, we see in Frozen and then you think about at applying this playbook to other parts of the portfolio, yes, we believe it should translate to ongoing strength or long-term outlook calls for that. And that’s where we are going to stay focused on. 
Sean Connolly: Rob, if I could just add one thing to that too. The other question is, what’s the impact to these investments above the line and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the impact has been very positive. Keep in mind, Grocery and Snacks is a space where we haven’t done a fraction of the material innovation yet that we’ve done in Frozen.  So we’ve been making these investments to basically get a lot of our preexisting items back in front of consumers and get our consumers to retry them. And as you saw in the presentation today, our consumption has been quite strong and as importantly the non-promoted piece of that has actually been above what we expected.  So, it’s working and I think that that suggests that we’ve got a solid foundation here to build off of as we move more of our innovation emphasis into this other reporting segment .
Sean Connolly: Rob, it’s Sean. If freight were the only thing we were dealing with, I think it’s more logical that we would go have a direct conversation specifically about freight. But when you are dealing with inflation across a variety of different things, beyond freight, we’ve got protein inflation, we got other things that are experiencing inflation.  It really pivot the discussion more to, how do you holistically find different ways to pursue pricing in order to try to protect margins and it – as I mentioned earlier, it varies by brand and by category, but really, we’ll try to bundle all of the things that are inflating in cost and let that total net delta inform the different strategies we might pursue to create offsets.  So, that is that what you talked about which is a freight-specific conversation looking for offsets we’ve contemplated that. Who knows, it may evolve going forward, but we are really looking at all of the inflation and looking at the three pricing levers as well as productivity as I mentioned before. 
Sean Connolly: Yes, Steve, I think it’s closer to just in time. You’ve heard other companies in the last month or so referenced this kind of unexpected inventory destocking at certain customers near the end of the calendar year. And during that window, at least from what we could see, it got extremely low, unusually low versus typically what we see.  And we don’t like to see that, because it typically means there is out of stocks on the shelf for consumers. So, I tend to think that doesn’t ultimately benefit anybody, but, we’ve seen that kind of move back to more normal levels. There aren’t absolute lean inventory levels in the industry right now and across categories.  That’s been the case for a number of years, but it got really lean for a bit there, which is what we saw in Q3, but I think that’s largely behind us. Obviously, we are always trying to anticipate if that’s going to happen, but you never kind of know until you are in the thicker things. But I think we are tracking more just in time, more ship to consumption. At least, that’s the way we forecast it. 
Dave Marberger: Okay, let me try to tackle that. I’m not going to get into any guidance-related stuff for next year at this point. But I think where you are getting at is, do I anticipate some kind of a material step-up in absolute total marketing spend going forward. Look, here is how I think about that. When it comes to total marketing spend at our company, we have – and we’ve talked about this repeatedly, a very strong ROI mindset, in fact, over the last few years, our marketing analytics around trade and A&P have improved dramatically.  And that has enabled us on average to cut non-working dollars in both trade and A&P and redeploy them to better programs, be they above the line or below the line. It’s also enabled us on average to avoid the dreaded A&P rebase while we execute our transformation plan. So going forward, I think we are going to continue to find pockets of inefficiency in existing spend.  And therefore, when the time comes to support incremental innovation in Snacks as an example, it won’t necessarily require incremental spend. Obviously, that may not be true in every single quarter, because we may have more spend in periods where we are in launch mode as I describe it.  But I’d like to think that overall, our spend is in the ballpark, I think in general, we’ve done a pretty good job of that if you look at a significant body of time there may be variance in the quarter, but I think our overall spend is in the ballpark over a sustained period of time. 
Dave Marberger: Yes, Chris, this is Dave. Let me – it’s a good question. There is a lot to this. So let me just start from the topic you look at gross margin, right, we are down 160 basis points, inflation was 250 basis points with a headwind and we also made the conscious decision to invest in above the line marketing with retailers which was 80 basis points.  So, clearly, they were headwinds due to gross margin. From a productivity perspective, the gross productivity which in the first half was about 3.1% of cost of goods sold came in at that same level for the third quarter. So, when you convert that to a gross margin impact, that’s about 2% a little bit above. So, we are seeing that.  The other thing that hit us were and I talked about some operational offset, some were transitory, some were not. I talked about ones that were transitory in terms of inventory write-offs and dynamics around that and in some plant maintenance and production dynamics. So, that was about 50 basis points in terms of what was transitory in the quarter for total company.  When you kind of peel it out by segment, if you look at Frozen, the inflation for Refrigerated and Frozen and the inflation for Grocery and Snacks is about the same. It’s actually a little bit higher. Right now in Refrigerated and Frozen just because of the amount of proteins and the inflation that we’ve seen there. But we will start wrapping on that in the fourth quarter.  So that won’t be as big of an impact. Transportation and freight, obviously affects us across our entire portfolio. And then from a productivity perspective, we are pretty balanced there. Maybe a little bit more in our Refrigerated and Frozen versus our Grocery and Snacks. So, our productivity is probably a little bit lower in Grocery and Snacks.  That combined with the – these operational offsets that I talked about, that’s what had the bigger impact on operating profit in Grocery and Snacks for this particular quarter. So, that’s basically, in terms of inflation, we also have it in Foodservice, International as well. But there is the dynamic as you look at total and then you break it down by segment. 
Dave Marberger: Matt, so, let me take a shot at that. So, yes, from the top, our inflation outlook of 3.7% for the year which hasn’t changed with this quarter incorporates our estimate of inflation for freight and transportation. So that’s in there. That’s in our fourth quarter estimate at this point in time. As you look at this more broadly, we have a really seasoned team here in our supply chain organization that manages transportation and freight and it’s an area that we look at every day.  At the highest level, this comes down the basic supply and demand, right. If there is more demand to carry loads and there are drivers to carry that. So this creates a challenge. It really relies on our relationships with our carriers and our contracts that we have with them. So, when demand spike, we have to go into the spot market like other companies.  And we are hiring spot markets than historical, but our overall spot market levels are lower than peers given our approach and the way that we manage this. When you look at our total freight and transportation and warehousing costs, they are roughly 10% of total cost of goods sold. But they are obviously increasing at a higher rate.  So, as I mentioned in my remarks, 25% of our total inflation came from transportation and freight. So, we are proactively evaluating and adjusting our approach to minimize cost increases going forward and we view the cost increase just like all other input cost increases, when we look at overall inflation that we must try to offset with any pricing. 
Dave Marberger: Well, again, you’re right. I’ve been around a long time. But I am not a expert in freight transportation. But, I’ll kind of tell you what I see. The dynamics are interesting around the freight, because you can have different philosophies. You can have fewer carriers and try to leverage scale with those carriers or you can have more carriers and maybe that will – you won’t get the scale benefits, but then in situations like this, you have more flexibility, because you have more competition basically and more options, right.  So, you have to look at that. We tend to have a lot of carriers. So, that’s kind of the way we manage it. We have a lot of strong relationships. So, there is a lot of dynamics like that that come into play, because supply and demand is challenged and when we need carriers can really vary, right, versus other companies.  So, I can’t sit here and do it just this. I can tell you that this is obviously something that we’ve been focused on and we’ve been watching and we talk about all the time and Sean is involved with those conversations. So, we have a great group here. We do everything. We are looking at different options to try to manage it.  But, there is a lot of dynamics in here. It’s not just one simple answer in it. You really have to kind of understand a little bit the philosophy that a company has around this area in managing the support for it. 
