Sean Connolly: Yes. I don't know that I said I believe it's structural at all, Andrew. I think there is certainly upside from recent levels, and this business can be much stronger over time. The issue we face is a different one. We think it will take a lot more time and effort to get this business where it needs to be. And our view is that it should be done by somebody else instead of us so that we can focus on opportunities that pay off earlier by comparison. 
Sean Connolly: Well, we're not going to provide guidance today in terms of what the full year looks like, but I don't think it's going to be new news to anybody that the company has historically under-invested in the brand side -- or the branded side of the portfolio. So we plan to invest more in marketing as the brands can handle it. And I think that's the key phrase, is they can handle it as they're, as we call it, A&P ready and as the margins allow. But the key is, and I think you know this from my previous philosophy on marketing spend, you have to bring an incredibly strong discipline here. You just don't go start spending money because you think it's going to work. You can only invest where you have full confidence that you can drive margin expansion and you can drive a good return on that investment. So when I think about increasing marketing spend, I think of it in terms of words like being surgical and extremely disciplined about where you can get a return. So the notion of dramatically jacking up spending levels for the sake of getting back on the horse does not make sense, and that's not the kind of play you will see us run. You will see us be more surgical and be more disciplined as we move forward to try to strengthen our branded portfolio. 
Sean Connolly: Well, Jonathan, it's a fair question, but I don't think my contemplation and my analysis was really just about Private Brands. I've been under the hood on every single piece of this company to try to understand where the opportunity is and how resource-intensive the work would be in order to accomplish what we see as the opportunity in those different parts. And our conclusion is that there is significant opportunity with this company to create value, but we need to be focused, and we need to have our resources squarely lined up against areas where our capabilities are more mature, where we can get the most impact on the fastest possible timetable. And ultimately, that led me and the board to make a decision that we need to focus. We need to prioritize, and we need to get squarely focused on driving the kind of aggressive change agenda that I just laid out for you in my comments a few minutes ago. So this is about making the tough calls and prioritizing around those actions that we believe can drive maximum return for our shareholders, and that includes an immediate divestiture of our Private Brands business, and that's why we're working that process. 
Sean Connolly: Well, if we haven't gone public with it, you probably would have found out about it anyway one way or another, so we thought it would just be best for our shareholders to understand the big picture of our plan. I mean, what we're laying out for you today is clearly a different direction. I don't think there's any need to keep that a secret while we're working it behind the scenes. We've got a base plan that we have tremendous confidence in. We have an overarching philosophy around how to create value for our shareholders that we always keep running side by side our base plan. And we have full confidence there's upside in this Private Brands business, but we also believe that, that should be done by somebody else instead of us so that we can focus on these other opportunities that we need to get after with some urgency. 
Sean Connolly: Well, Ken, there are a lot of assumptions there in your question. I think I've been pretty clear and consistent in my comments today that our Board of Directors and our management team fully understand the importance of creating shareholder value. And I'm sure you understand from my remarks earlier that our philosophy is to always be proactive and open-minded in evaluating the different paths to creating value. But we've put forth the beginnings of a plan that we are convinced can drive a lot of value on its own. However, it becomes obvious that if some other tangible and actionable path is a better way to create value, our board and our management will adapt accordingly. 
Sean Connolly: Sure, no problem. We have not yet spoken with the folks at Jana, but clearly, we welcome their feedback. As we would with any of our shareholders who are focused on long-term value creation, I think that is common ground that we have with Jana and with other investors. I can't offer anything specifically related to Jana other than to say we want a constructive engagement and we'll listen to their points of view. They're big shareholders. But we've not yet met with them, so we don't really have a lot more to share or disclose at this point. 
Sean Connolly: Well, the details of kind of what it looked like, first of all, I would frame it in terms of margin expansion, Jason, not just SG&A because I do think there is significant opportunity to improve the margins in this company across the board as we get after these things. Certainly, SG&A is a big bucket for us. Clearly, the company has made progress and felt good about kind of that progress when I got here, but my message the day I got in is it doesn't matter how much progress we've made. It's not good enough. We've got more to do. Part of that is exploring the 4 levers and pushing hard on them that I mentioned today. Part of it's cultural. It's just getting everybody who's part of our team to understand that any inefficiency and waste is just a tax on our brand and a tax on the profits that we return to shareholders. That is a mindset that we will drive. I've already been socializing that idea for months now, and people are getting it. They understand how critical it is to get this out. They want to attack all of the orthodoxes that have been held previously and really get after margin expansion. So SG&A will be a big part of it with things that I talked about, spans and layers, all the things you can imagine. Productivity should not be dismissed as well nor trade efficiency. These are all things that, over time, as we execute them, will contribute to what I think could be a meaningful improvement in our margin structure. 
Sean Connolly: Well, there is a lot to work with here, David. With the right portfolio refinement and the right investment, this is a good portfolio, post a modest growth and expand margins and redeploy capital. And we're going to be realistic around our industry and around our categories. The key is portfolio segmentation and having the right expectations by brand and by category so that we're matching investment with potential, establishing the right goals and delivering results. I mean, that is really the key. But I think the phrase that I used in my prepared remarks earlier was a different approach. Every company goes after brand-building. Every company goes after innovation, and every company goes after trade efficiency with mixed results, I might point out. I fully expect we're going to have better results, and that's going to come from a number of different areas, which includes different approaches. It's going to be potentially some new talent that we bring onto the team. This is a piece I understand very well, and our effectiveness has to improve meaningfully on the back of better work processes and much more rigorous analytics. But overall, anything to drive the branded portfolio has got to be done on a surgical basis with clear eyes. It's not going to be blanket, per Andrew's question earlier. That's just not going to happen. And on trade efficiency, I've been doing trade efficiency for a long time. We've got a team of people that are working it with kind of professional oversight, and we know exactly what we've got to do there. The key is you've got to have a strong set of brands. If all you have to fall back on is price, it's hard to get more efficient on trade. So you've got to have stronger brands, so you've got more to bring to the table for our customers as we change some things. 
Sean Connolly: Well, these are definitely separate streams. The work we've done and the organization changes we've put in place to run this business better to execute more effectively, nothing is going to change there. We've got the right structure now calling on it. We have a clear understanding of how you run this business and what it takes. We are rebuilding relationships we've got with customers. So all of that is going to be intact as we run the sale process. However, the pace of profit recovery is clearly farther out and longer than we expected last year. So that is -- I would not expect any kind of rapid recovery from where we've been. We do expect the segment to be better in '16 versus '15, but that progress will happen sequentially as we move through the year given the changes we've put in place. 
Sean Connolly: Let me take those in order, Eric. On the first part of it, on Private Brands, as I mentioned earlier, we think there's going to be significant interest in these assets, and we think we will be able to divest these assets at a fair value that will be acceptable to shareholders and with the appropriate structure. And we also believe that we do need to get this behind us so that we can strengthen our focus on the base plan that you heard me lay out. So when you do a comparison of -- to make this move now or to make this move later, we are absolutely convinced that from a value creation standpoint, it is better to make this move now. With respect to the frozen question, yes, I have extensive experience in frozen. You may recall at Hillshire Brands, we had a great frozen business anchored by the great Jimmy Dean brand. And what I told my investors then is I reject the notion that frozen is a place where you can't grow and grow profitably. It's just not grounded in fact. When you look at consumer need states, absolutely, there are consumer need states where consumers want fresh and perishable items that they can enjoy with the whole family. But you probably know from your own lives that there are lots of consumer need states where you're eating alone. You don't have a lot of time. And it's in those consumer need states where frozen is the absolute perfect solution. The key is the food's got to be good. You got to have good quality food. You've got to have a proposition that consumers value. And I always use the Jimmy Dean example in my previous life. It's just when you got great food, the consumer has the need state already there, you're going to be successful. So that's why we have taken the actions we've taken on our business like on Healthy Choice, with Café Steamers, which is a clearly superior product than what we sold under the Healthy Choice name previously. And it's working. And now we're taking it to the next step with a clean label, 100% natural line. Similarly, in Banquet, that is a value tier brand where we recognized when you just look at it in the plain light of day, we needed to do a better job on food quality. And that's what we've done. We've improved that. And these are the kind of fundamental actions that you need to take to improve performance. So it's not a question of is the world going to frozen or is the world going to fresh. There clearly is room for both. Our idea is that we need to make frozen, fresh, and we need to bring fresh perspective into frozen, and that's how you drive profitable growth. 
Sean Connolly: Well, Robert, first of all, I think I've said a couple of times today, there is absolutely a gross margin opportunity at this company. One of -- there are a couple of reasons why our gross margin is where it is today, some of it is we have segments that are clearly at much lower gross margins that drag down the whole. Private Brands, obviously, is a different gross margin than Consumer. But if your comments are largely focused on Consumer, there's absolutely an opportunity to get gross margin going there. But what's interesting about your question is in my experience, the way you build strong brands with strong gross margins is you have to invest in them. You've got to keep them fresh. You've got to keep them relevant. You've got to keep them contemporary. And that's exactly why when investors see a company like ours that's committed to margin expansion, part of that recipe, I need them to understand, is making sure that we have strong and relevant brands because then we've got the ability to take price when we see inflation, then we've got the ability to invest in margin-accretive innovation. This is all part of a flywheel here that moves things in the right direction from a value creation standpoint. And part of it is capabilities. When I think about the over-reliance on trade and under-reliance on advertising in Consumer, that tends to manifest itself in branded portfolios and lower gross margins. That is stuff that we can make progress on, and we will do just that. 
Sean Connolly: All right. Akshay, let me just correct a couple of things that you said there because I don't think they're consistent with what I said before. First of all, we are going to be absolutely realistic about our industry and our categories. So there's no delusion in terms of where different parts of the store can go. Secondly, we are absolutely open to divesting elements of our portfolio down the road, and that's part of a rigorous portfolio segmentation analysis. I don't have any color, additional color to add on that right now, but those are key points. With respect to the branded portfolio and the way I see it, while we're very realistic about what these categories are doing, we also see pockets of real interesting growth within many of these categories. So I will pick a category that I didn't talk about today, nut butters. We have a Peter Pan peanut butter business, but there's very interesting and new stuff that is happening in a category like nut butters right now. I find that to be interesting because it tends to be margin-accretive stuff, and it tends to be very high-growth. Even if you pick a category where we are the market leader like pot pies, where you say, "How exciting is the pot pie category," I'd argue it's a very exciting category. We've got the market-leading brand with Marie Callender's. It's posting robust growth, and it's got good margins. However, we also recognize we were not reaching all the consumers who are participating in that category because some had kind of what I'll describe as a different value system around what kind of brands they appreciate. So we went out, and we made the acquisition of Blake's All-Natural, which is also a pot pie, where we've got tremendous leverage in terms of our ability to manufacture. But it appeals to a different kind of consumer with the natural and organic kind of mindset, and that is incremental to the business we are already own today. So what's different around the way we'll approach these growth opportunities is effectively everything. We're going to pursue different work processes. We're going to have new capabilities, and we've got a completely different approach to getting after these, all grounded in a clear-eyed realism around what's possible and strong analytics around kind of what we go after very surgically and where we invest. 
Sean Connolly: In reverse order, Chris, I will hold on the Lamb Weston question because we'll give more perspective on it and much more detail on that business and the growth prospects when we do our Investor Day. On the question regarding potential divestiture candidates, I really think it just comes down to basic principles. We don't have anything to announce. We don't have anything imminent, I think you were asking within the branded portfolio. But ultimately, you ask yourself things like is it a strategic fit, is it running on -- is it an autopilot business that is doing no harm but contributing cash flow, or is it a chronic leaky bucket and one that you just can't justify putting resources on. If we have those kinds of businesses, clearly, it makes more sense to put them under somebody else's ownership because they'll value it more than we will. Our whole theme today and what you heard around this new direction is focused and disciplined segmentation. And that means saying yes to some things and saying no to other things as opposed to trying to make everything happen across the entire portfolio. So it'll be very logical and common sense should we pursue a divestiture down the road, but it will also be very principle-based in why we're doing it. 
Sean Connolly: Well, with respect to the first part of your question, Robert, it was breaking up a little, but I think you're asking around is that an area we would be interested in investing in. And I think the same principle of disciplined segmentation applies. Within our frozen portfolio, there are clearly businesses that we will get behind and support, and there are other businesses that we will manage for cash and stable -- we call them reliable contributors. So it depends. I think we will be very disciplined and very focused and judicious in terms of what we get behind there. With respect to your second -- the second part of your question, that's purely speculation, so I'm not going to comment on it or fuel the speculation other than to say I think you've heard me say multiple times today, I'm very open, my board is very open to alternative ways of creating value should one come along that is clearly superior to our base plan and actionable and tangible and all of that. So there's nothing specific I can offer beyond that other than that is our overarching philosophy, and yes, it's simple, but it is unwavering, and we believe in it. 
Sean Connolly: I think the Hillshire team from Sara Lee, and I'm not going to get into great detail there other than to say big legacy food companies have SG&A opportunities. It's undeniable. And we got after it at Hillshire. We are getting after it here. Some of that work has happened, as somebody pointed out a few minutes ago, in the past, but by no means does that mean our work is done. SG&A reduction is a never-ending quest at ConAgra Foods. It will be cultural. It will be something that we all -- we have a disdain for inefficiency because those are resources that could otherwise go into brand-building, go into innovation or go back to shareholders. And that is what we're going to drive against, and there is additional opportunity beyond what we've already captured. 
Sean Connolly: Well, I think I'll answer that by just taking us back to the big picture, which is we've announced we're divesting Private Brands. We've shared that the recovery on that business has been slower than we previously thought. We also shared that while we do expect that business to improve as we go through the course of the year, it will improve sequentially. So I think that kind of shapes, really, the answer to your question. 
Sean Connolly: Well, let me take the second part first. The base plan we laid out today, we have full conviction in its ability to make ConAgra a far better company into the future than it's been in the past. So we believe in that base plan. We have conviction and, of course, will always remain open-minded, but that's our position on that. On investment grade, management and the Board of Directors are aligned. There's really nothing more to talk about on that. We are aligned, and we are committed to it. 
John Gehring: Yes, David, this is John. Let me take a shot at that. The first thing I'd say is we have, in fact, been able to drive a lot of cost out. The problem is the other issues in the business and particularly, some of the pricing and margin, other margin pressures have created a situation where we clearly have not seen that come through. Some of the -- there have been some synergies that have actually manifest themselves in other parts of the business in terms of some of the leverage we got from some of buys. There's a little bit of that, that shows up in Consumer. But I think as we look forward, this is a matter of whatever we were expecting or anybody else is expecting out of Private Brands, I think, becomes somewhat irrelevant as we focus back on the Consumer and Commercial businesses. It's really about continuing to drive cost savings and margin expansion that we've seen, particularly in the Consumer business over the last quarter, to continue that trend. So in terms of a total company model, I'm not sure the synergy number from several years ago really lives on going forward. 
John Gehring: Well, first of all, on the EBITDA for Private Brands, I'd say on a normalized basis, it's probably in the mid-300s. I don't want to get to a point estimate in terms of debt-to-EBITDA. The broad range I'd use right now is we seek to be probably somewhere between 2 and 3x. Obviously, if we're at 3x, our capital allocation priority is probably a little bit shifted. And if we got to 2x, we'd probably say we have plenty of firepower to do more investment. So it's all going to be, I think, dependent upon where we are at the point in time and what opportunities are in front of us. 
John Gehring: I don't have that handy offhand given the various pieces to it. Chris may follow up, if need be, but... 
