Dave Marberger: Yeah. Andrew, let me take that. It’s Dave. Yes. We came out of Q4. The retailer inventory levels were below historic levels. We talked about that specifically Birds Eye, but we also saw it in several of our Grocery brands as well. So the shipments about consumption in the first quarter were clearly just getting the inventory levels back to the days of supply that they’re looking for. As we sit here -- as we ended Q1 and we sit here today, retailer days of supply are still below historic levels. So when you look at shipping about consumption it wasn’t -- now we’re sitting here with heavy retailer inventories we’re still below historic averages. So it was a catch up from where inventory levels were at the end of Q4.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Right now we’re forecasting that shipments will pretty much be in line with consumption for Q2.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Ken, let me -- to your point, we’re not going to get precise with that. I -- on my remarks, I tried to unpack it in a lot of detail, so you could understand all the different components and drivers. And so you should be able to say, okay, this is more of a COVID-related type item. For example, we specifically quantified our COVID-related expenses. So you can look at that. What I will say is that, our realized productivity programs and supply chain are tracking very well. Our synergy capture, which is a big part of our margin improvement, is on track and continues to be on track and we’re confident that will continue. So when you look at those items and you compare to inflation and you strip it out at a high level, we’re seeing improvement in core operating margin performance as we expect it to pre-COVID. So I’m not going to give you the exact number, but generally I feel like we’re on track and the Pinnacle synergies was an important part of that improvement.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. So we laid out the $34 million in COVID-related costs in our margin bridge. SG&A includes savings just because people are working from home, there’s just not as much travel and expense. And so, but that’s less, that’s probably a third of the $34 million in terms of the favourability.
Dave Marberger: Jason, can I just add one more just, so the $34 million is in cost of goods sold, which affects gross margin. The, call it, $9 million, $10 million of favourability is in SG&A.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Let me just add to that David just maybe helped a little bit. So if you look at the Q2 guide for operating margin versus where we came in at Q1 is 20.2%. Let me give you kind of a few pieces here that will help you also on the marketing investment. So, first, the trade change an estimate that’s about 40 basis points. So if you take that out, because that’s a benefit to the first quarter that’s just going to stay for the year. The difference between Q1 and sort of the midpoint of the 2Q guide is about 150 basis points lower. That difference between Q1 and Q2 is roughly split among investments in A&P and above the line investments in merchandising and slotting, and then growth focused cost of goods sold investments to support our innovation and capital investments. So that’s -- of the 150 basis points that kind of splits into those buckets. So the Q2 A&P level will be up versus Q1 and it will be more consistent with the level that we saw Q2 a year ago for A&P.
Dave Marberger: Yeah. Our shipments were, I think, it was 600 basis points difference between shipment and consumption.
Dave Marberger: So, Bryan, let me hit the dividend. So, Sean and I communicated in our remarks are, our cash flow, our deleveraging cadence are ahead of expectations and we’re confident we’re going to hit the target at 3.5 times to 3.6 times leverage ratio in the third quarter. We’re also confident in the long-term strength of the business as we reaffirm fiscal ‘22. So based on this progress and the Board’s confidence in the structurally higher earnings power for the company, the Board approved a dividend from $0.85 to $1.10 annualized and this increase moves us towards the longer term historic payout ratio of 45% to 50%. So that’s what I’ll tell you related to the dividend. Sean, I don’t know if you want to add anything for the second part on the long-term for the outlook.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Andrew, let me give you some big picture perspective on how we think about this and then we can talk a little bit about a year ago period, because I think it’s important that you all understand what we intend to do, what we do not intend to do and why. First off, before we ever contemplate an increase in our brand building investments, two simple things have to be in place, one, the capacity to supply new demand generation, and two, evidence of a strong ROI. Now, on this latter ROI point, there are two types of investments, where the evidence is quite strong regarding ROI, investments to increase consumer awareness around our new innovations and investments to further build out our ecommerce business. So a new innovation awareness, think of it this way, it’s the precursor to trial. We do great at trial, but you got -- and it repeat, but you’ve got to get that awareness in place. So as you saw on the data, we -- our repeat performance has been stepped up. On ecommerce, we’ve learned that what we get out of it is directly a function of what we put into it. We’ve also learned though that speed in supporting the business is very important, because it enables you to build a beachhead in the etailing universe that helps us fuel future purchases. So if we were to cede this opportunity, someone else would build that beachhead. But overall, I’d say, we believe that supporting innovation and ecommerce undoubtedly maximizes long-term value, because it maximizes consumer penetration which then converts to loyalty. But let’s keep things in perspective about the level of support we’re talking about. As you know, our A&P is very hard working, but it’s also very, very efficient and the rate has hovered around 2% over the last year or so, working synergistically with our retailer investments. So that’s been our playbook, it works and we will continue to do it. In this coming quarter, the spend is likely to be a bit higher than Q1, because we have more capacity and because it’s usually higher in Q2 than Q1, because it’s the holiday season. And as the stores get crowded around holidays, we want to win at the point of purchase and we know that if we create awareness, the rest will take care of itself, which sets up a good back half and a good fiscal ‘22. In terms of flow through to the year, as you know, we’re not guiding to the year. And the reason for that today is the same as the reason a year ago, which is, we’re trying to manage this unpredictable environment quarter-to-quarter. We don’t [indiscernible] the back half will give us. So the key thing for us right now is keeping people healthy and keeping our plants running, because if we can’t do that, obviously, it puts a lid on our ability to drive revenue, which then converts to profit. So, we’re just navigating this quarter-by-quarter right now.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. Ken, it’s Sean. I -- let me just re-characterize to the shipment perspective from Q1, because I think -- I want you to think a little differently then some of the language you use. I would characterize it as a partial replenishment. We exited Q4 with retailer inventories highly depleted, way below kind of normalized levels in terms of stock on hand. That began to rebuild in the quarter, which obviously will lead to shipments being ahead of consumption. But the net takeaway in terms of absolute status of inventories and trade right now is it’s still better than it is historically in terms of days on hand. That’s both because not every single category is flush with capacity on the supply side, but also because the takeaway is higher. So when the pull through is more, your days on hand drops. So that’s how I want you guys to think about the retail inventory dynamic.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I am happy to talk about Birds Eye for sure. Birds Eye, as you heard in the prepared remarks is running flat out right now. We’ve got, thankfully, the plants are running well and we are growing. But what you’re seeing in consumption, it does -- it can confuse, because the natural level of demand is actually higher than that. But what you see going on right now is we are approaching the all important holiday season for vegetables and it is very, very important to retailers to have vegetable inventory during the holidays. So the supply constraints that you’re seeing on Birds Eye are not just those that we’ve had in terms of our ability to manufacture, but it’s also some retailers prioritizing preserving holiday inventory above, call it, late summer inventory. Because as you can imagine, when consumers go to buy their Thanksgiving dinner and vegetables, and they can’t get what they want, that becomes a very emotional, very negative emotional event and we don’t want that nor do our retailers.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I think, we’re not going to try to speculate on what would we be looking like without COVID, but what we are dealing with is kind of what we’ve got. So the environment we’ve got, we believe, sets us up well, as we laid out in the prepared remarks today and it puts us in a position to reaffirm kind of where we are with ‘22 with our long-term algorithm and that’s really -- that’s all the commentary, I think, we’ve got on ‘22.
Sean Connolly: But I think long-term, one of the key points we’re making today is, our -- the work we’ve done for five years, then intersecting with COVID leads to a very positive long-term NPV, because we are getting these new consumers into our brands. They are discovering all the innovations that we’ve launched really over the last four years or five years, including the new stuff. They’re liking it and they’re converting to repeaters and their depth of repeat is strong. And that’s -- we’re going to be at ‘22 before we know it and then we’ll be thinking what comes beyond ‘22 and certainly all we’re trying to maximize that outlook.
Sean Connolly: Well, I guess, David, the answer is, it depends. And as you look back over the last several years, we’ve been fairly active both on inbound and outbound stuff and we also are keenly aware we have this tax asset and it does expire at some point. But we’ve said pretty consistently from the beginning, it’s not necessarily strategic to use the tax asset for the sake of using the tax asset. It’s strategic if we use it to create value and as we think about candidates that could be outbound, it always comes down to can we get a value for it that is above what we see as the intrinsic value. So we’ve made very good progress on our deleveraging, getting ahead of our expectations there. It’s not as if we feel pressure such that we would ever liquidate an asset below its intrinsic value. We don’t feel that pressure, but if a good valuation came along, we’ve -- as you’ve seen from our practices in the past, that would be something we would look at as well.
Sean Connolly: Well, the inventories have started to rebuild, Chris, but demand remains elevated. It’s really a category by category dynamics in terms of pull-through takeaway versus capacity at the plant. So, as I pointed out, between manufacturing capacity overall and retailer inventories be like, it’s still -- we’re still in catch up mode. But some categories are in good shape and those are the ones where we have the ability to really maximize demand. But it’s not by any stretch normalized yet, because the lifts that the demand remains very strong and now, of course, we’re going into a season where all the outdoor dining is going to go away in a lot of parts of the country and cold flu season is upon us. So it’s plausible that demand can even lift from here. You saw that in one chart I showed on occasions even the most recent weeks beginning to tick back up.
Sean Connolly: Yeah. I tell you, Chris, back when this all hit in March, April, I would have thought more customers would have wanted to delay some of the new innovations. But given a track record and given, especially, Frozen and Snacks, the way our innovation driven category growth and the way we’ve really accounted for almost all of the sharing some of our key categories in terms of growth that demand from customers for our new innovation remained extremely strong. So a lot of our products have been going out the door, we’ve got more yet to go out the door and the performance of those products in marketplace have been strong. So we’ve been doing a combination to maximize supply, skew rationalization where it makes sense to do so on brands like Chef Boyardee, so we can maximize the volume we’re putting out there. But at the same time, we’ve been very strong on innovation and it has been working. So that’s strictly a function of how well our innovation does in terms of velocities in the marketplace. We’ve got, if you look at some velocities, just new stuff that we’ve got out there like, Duncan Hines as a brand we don’t always talk about, we’ve got these new keto-friendly cups and it is brand new and it’s already got the number one dollar velocity skew in that segment. Our Slim Jim products the velocity is just crushing it. Our Slim Jim Savage initiative is the number one velocity in all meat snacks and it’s been the number two velocity in all snacks overall in the last 13 weeks. So these new products are not only going out the door they are really performing. 
Sean Connolly: Yes. Steve happy to talk about that, I feel like I talk about this every quarter. I -- my consistent encouragement to investors is to think about our brand building work holistically. It starts with the design of the product and the package, and then it includes all the investments we make to create a connection between our consumer and the brands. Some of that connection happens in the Grocery store. Some of it -- a lot of it happens on their phones or on their computer or digitally. All of it works together. But a big piece of our first investment and how we get sustained growth is in designing the right products and the right packages. If you look at the Single Serve Frozen Meals slide that I shared today, we are now multiple years into re-innovating that category and it started with major investments in the food quality and the packaging. And then on top of that we layered investments in A&P and investment with our retailers. And when we got to year one of our success there, the question we got is, how are you going to wrap this? What’s happened in year two when your competition sees this and they emulate you and you’ve got difficult comps? What -- how we’ve done it year after year after year and we’ve retained just about 100% of the category growth in that space, which suggests that all the investments we make holistically in brand building from product to package to retailer investments to A&P works very hard and is driving sustained performance. What sometimes trips people up is they get accustomed to seeing thinking that all brand building resides on the A&P line and that a good rate of A&P, which is kind of an artifact of the industry from the past is a 4% rate or something like that. If you dig deep within most of the companies that have had those kinds of rates, what you find is extraordinary amount of non-working dollars and then working dollars that are still used against traditional tools like in line TV media and things like that. We are far beyond those days and we’ve purged out that inefficient spend and we’ve converted the old analog spend to heavily digital. And what we find is when we put that profile together and we do it with the work we do with retailers in store, which by the way as you know, is not just deep discounting, that’s not really the Conagra playbook anymore, it has been very successful for us. With respect to taking that investment up in any given COVID window, it kind of depends upon what brand we’re talking about, because the last thing that would make sense would be to be spending a bunch of A&P and a brand that we’re short on supply and we’re not doing that. But what we’ve said in the call earlier today is, if we have available capacity and if we have evidence of good ROI, we will absolutely increase the spend. So you look at the average and it doesn’t tell you much, on some brands the rate is much higher than that and those are brands usually where we get tremendous responsiveness and we get -- we have available capacity.
Sean Connolly: I guess what I am saying is, give us credit for the incremental investments that we already had in our baseline. If you look at the slides today that showed the sheer breadth and depth of the innovation we put out there, it’s unmatched. So those are investments and those are investments that have already been in place and are already underway. And then on top of that, we layer investments to drive awareness of those new innovations. So, the investment profile is holistic and it includes building out one of the leading, if not the leading innovation portfolios in all the industry and all the costs associated with doing that.
Sean Connolly: No. I think one of the things you got to keep in mind is we’re -- as we obviously are in the middle of a pandemic. So, to some degree, the upper control limit on revenue is, how much can we get out of the plant and the function, how much we get out of the plant is a function of how healthy we can keep people. So this is a very contagious disease. We’re trying our best. We’re doing a great job. But every day when we come in, we start our day at 8 o’clock in the morning, going through a review of how healthy our people are in every single one of our facilities and every day brings us new information and the team is doing a great job of managing that, but it’s a variable and it’s a variable that makes it very hard to predict how these quarters have unfold, which why we’re taking this at this point time quarter-by-quarter.
