Gary M. Rodkin: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our First Quarter Earnings Call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations.  Before we get started, Chris has a few remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. Andrew, I appreciate that. Those are fair -- that's a fair question. I think we all acknowledge that we're still in a relatively sluggish industry environment. But as the summer went on, we saw trade spending accelerate, and this is because customers, key customers were competing for traffic and manufacturers really heated up their competition for market share, that we've been on a path of shifting toward more pull via marketing and advertising. But with the increased merchandising intensity in some key customers and some key categories, we frankly lost some share of quality merchandising and, in turn, market share and, of course, volume. We're now in the process of course-correcting that, rebalancing and shifting some advertising dollars selectively into more competitive merchandising support, all within responsible financial constraints. We'll see the benefits starting late in Q2 but primarily in the second half of F '14. But to get more specifics on the categories, let me turn it over to Tom McGough.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew, again, this is not our most desired way to see the industry operate. But we do, as responsible stewards, we do need to course-correct. And frankly, the customer in the competitive environment, along with this moderating inflation, means that we have to smartly rebalance our push and pull. Again, not black and white, not either/or, but we got to put the dollars against where we think we'll get the most effective returns. We need to bend the trends on our market share. It is a market share gain. It's category by category, customer by customer. We've got smarter analytics, and we've got to put them to better use. But we truly need to grow our share in this environment, and we need to do it by driving quality merchandising. We have found ways in our P&L to make certain that it is beneficial to us financially. But again, this is what the environment calls for, and we will stay within those guidelines.
Gary M. Rodkin: Bryan, that clearly is not optimal yet. We've had limited coverage given the restructuring that Ralcorp did before the acquisition. What I can tell you is the integration is very much on target. The organizational leaders are now all in place. That's quite recent. The new team and the structure is getting settled, and it's working on getting the wiring right. There will be a big change in the way this business is run from the restructuring that we're doing. Ralcorp did a few months -- Ralcorp, a few months before our acquisition, clearly made some changes that have to be reversed, and it disrupted parts of the business. Our pricing, our customer facing and supply chain are going to markedly improve as we get some time in place, and we look forward to seeing the impact of that starting in the second half of '14. Importantly, cost synergies in F '14 and F '15 to '17 are all on track. And net-net, we expected some challenges here, but we're still on target for the $0.25 of accretion. So a little bit longer than we hoped it would be, but frankly, we're in this thing for the long haul. We're doing it the right way. We clearly see a light at the end of the tunnel.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes. I would tell you that overall, I think we need to acknowledge that it's relatively sluggish in the industry. It certainly is more severe in particular categories. The net of the whole private label industry, not just us, but the net of the private label industry is still up. So we are addressing the specific issues customer by customer, category by category, and we will start to see this thing bend a little bit starting in Q2 but much more so in the second half of the year.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would just add, Jonathan, that we're really making a shift into a true operating company. Ralcorp did a great job, primarily focused on acquisitions. That was their focus. They acknowledge that. What we need to do is really turn this into an operating company. And all the steps that Paul talked about, particularly on the front-facing parts of the business, the general managers who run the P&Ls and the customer-facing sales force, those are going to be dramatic changes.
Gary M. Rodkin: Lightlife, frankly, we did not have enough focus on that particular segment. It was our only real entry into that part of the store, and we just couldn't provide the kind of focus on it. It's a nice business, a good equity, but better focus from a different company will help that business.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. I'll really start with Healthy Choice. We've made a decision, a strategic decision to build our line around our Café Steamers segment. And we're going through a process now of proactively rationalizing some of our lower-velocity, lower-margin SKUs in our other entrée segments, in particular. As a result, we are seeing declines in Healthy Choice. As we go through the year, we're going to have a stronger product range with higher margins and velocity, albeit on lower distribution. At the same time, we are building our distribution in the premium segment with our introduction of Bertolli. We're very pleased with the end market results that we've gotten today on our single-serve meals, our multi-serve meals and our desserts as well.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Eric, we really can't comment on what others are doing. What I can tell you is that we have confidence that we can leverage our capabilities, and we will as we get more time on our belt on cereal and pasta. So we're confident there. But unfortunately, can't comment on what the other guys are doing.
Gary M. Rodkin: Sure. I think we believe, clearly, that there's a real bifurcation in the marketplace. And you can see that with the big majority of folks, call it the 80-20 rule, they're still really squeezing very hard on the basics. I've talked about this before, how that isn't just food, but all basics. You can see them in the food industry really trying to manage their yield by using all their leftovers and by their just-in-time inventory not stocking up a lot. And those behaviors are continuing. It's really all about price value in this environment. We believe we have a portfolio that works well there. But we certainly have to take some actions to enable us to continue to drive that price value, and that means that we need to do some things in our cost structure to take it to a place where we can deliver that kind of value. And one of the things we talked about in the near term is shifting some of that advertising into more promotion and merchandising, again, within financial constraints. So I would say we are acknowledging that there's not a lot of tailwinds from the consumer. On the other hand, this is a very, very large industry, and we're going to try and get some share back.
Gary M. Rodkin: Alexia, just to amplify that last point, it's incumbent upon us in the frozen industry to convince folks of the value of the frozen meal. As Tom said, if you went into one of our plants, you'd see that it's just a giant kitchen and the food is really good quality, good nutrition, very good value. We need this to take some of the stigma away from the process side of this, and that's work that we're -- is ongoing.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Chris, fair question. I would tell you that it takes some time to implement these things we're talking about, and we will start to see some stabilization in the volume as we get later into the quarter, the latter part of the quarter. But I want to assure everybody that we're not burning the furniture for better optics, that we're trying and admitting that it takes a bit of time to do it right, and that's why we really don't see the real significant improvement until the second half.
Gary M. Rodkin: Thanks. First, I want to thank everybody for your questions. I think every one of them was fair. I am the first to admit and take accountability for the fact that we had a bad quarter. We're not just hoping things are going to get better. We're taking actions. I want to assure you, as I just said, that we're not burning the furniture. We're going to do it right, and that's why we're going to see most of the impact in the second half. We're in it for the long haul, and we believe very deeply in our strategy. But as we talked about, as responsible stewards of the business, we need to course-correct when the marketplace environment is clearly telling us to. We know that job one is stabilizing our Consumer Foods business by rebuilding the volume. Price value is more important than ever before, and we need to get back our share of quality merchandising and our market share. This environment's requiring us to be more cost-conscious across the whole company so that we can deliver that value. This includes raising the bar and being more selective on where we spend our resources, including our marketing dollars. Number two, we're very confident in our private brand strategy. It's a growth business. We're working hard to get ourselves in position to really drive that growth by leveraging our new operating organization, scale and our CPG capabilities. It's taking some time to rebuild and rewire this organization, but it's coming together well, and we can, as I said before, see a light at end of the tunnel. In the near term, we are delivering on our cost synergies, as you just heard from John. And number three, we've got a strong commercial business led by Lamb Weston. Yes, we did have and do have a short-term bump with a key customer, but this is a big-scale, high-market share, global footprint business that will continue to grow and deliver us strong returns. So net-net, we have our sights on the long-term algorithm and on delivering the committed second half EPS growth for all the reasons that John and I talked about. Thanks for your attention.
Thomas M. McGough: Yes, this is Tom. Our volume decline was concentrated in a couple businesses, most notably in frozen and on Chef Boyardee as a result of the strong competitive activity that Gary highlighted. First, in frozen, there's 2 things that are driving this activity. First of all, frozen is a big category, but volume has been weak. And this is an important category for our customers. And as a result, it has become a share battle in frozen meals. As a result, we saw a big increase in competitive promotional activity at several key customers during Q1. Similar situation on Chef Boyardee. As you know, we lead in the canned pasta category, but we really compete in a broader, shelf-stable, convenient meal arena. And the reality in Q1 was that we saw a much stronger promotional activity, particularly at the back-to-school period in that broader category. In both instances, we're strengthening our promotional programs to be more competitive. We anticipate that activity will be comparable going forward, and we know that when we achieve our share of merchandising support, we can improve our volume trends.
Thomas M. McGough: What I would add is that we've seen the promotional activity focused primarily in the premium segment. This is a portion of the category that has grown. As you know, we're well positioned in that category with Marie Callender, with a very strong brand. We're investing in A&P innovation, but going forward, we need to ensure that we're getting our fair share of that merchandising support. As you know, we're investing in this premium segment. We've just launched Bertolli premium meals, and we're very pleased with those results. So we are having a balanced approach, making sure that we have a compelling message. But we've got to make sure that we have competitive merchandising to sustain our business momentum.
Thomas M. McGough: The frozen single-serve meal category is one in which volume's been relatively weak. It's been focused primarily in the better-for-you segment. There's a couple dynamics going on there. Certainly, over the last several years, that segment is driven by that carried-lunch occasion. And with the relatively weak labor environment, there's been an erosion of usage as a result of that. We also see that there's a migration to those things that are perceived to be fresher. And frozen food is an incredibly, from a product standpoint, fresh product, with the perception around the perimeter of the store and maybe outside the store, there are fresher alternatives. So that's an area that we're tackling on our businesses and one that we have to better position in order for the category to -- for that segment to grow.
John F. Gehring: Yes, I think at this point, David, what I'd say is we're probably looking at inflation probably slightly under 2%. Net-net, we still do see inflation when we look at all of our components of cost, including conversion and T&W. What I would say is the material commodity piece of that has come down somewhat since the first part of the year. So that's where we're seeing the lift over the balance of the year. The other thing I would just add is we feel very good about how we're positioned with our commodities and our hedges, so we feel confident about the ability -- our ability to capture that benefit as the year progresses.
John F. Gehring: Jason, this is John. What I would tell you is as we look at the full year, certainly, as I mentioned, job one is strengthening the volume performance there. But to your specific question, I would tell you that given the fact that a lot of the profit growth in the second half, in particular, is not tied directly to that volume getting all the way back to par, if you will, I think we do have some flexibility to still land within our guidance, even if we were to fall a little bit short of that. So again, I think getting back to what I said, we don't need -- we certainly needed to improve it, but we're not basing our guidance on a heroic return of really significant growth.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Robert, this is John. So I think I'll try to tackle a couple of pieces of that. First of all, I think the first savings we're seeing, and this will be very logical, would be just around some of the SG&A, and we've made great progress on the duplications and streamlining those common functions. So we're seeing that already, and that would make sense that that'd be the first thing we see. The biggest chunk of the savings is clearly going to be on the supply chain side. And I'm speaking strictly cost savings here when we talk about the $300 million. What I would tell you is clearly, we feel like we've got a really good pipeline of ideas and projects that we're working there. And there are things that we are actually implementing as I speak. The one thing I just -- the one thing that's important to remember on cost of goods sold synergies is that you have to identify the project, you have to implement the project, the cost savings then show up in inventory and eventually, they show up in the P&L when they sell through. So that's why a number of -- a good part of the COGS synergies we've identified for this year will show up in the back half. As we get into future years, we really expect a significant ramp-up in the cost of goods sold. And really, it's going to come, first and foremost, from procurement because we have significant overlap in terms of the commodities that both of our businesses buy, and the scale that we're able to bring to the marketplace will be very impactful there. So that's probably the biggest chunk. After that, we also think -- and these will take a little bit more time, but in order -- we also think there's great opportunities around transportation and warehousing that will not only be a cost advantage, but we also think it'll be an advantage with our customers when we can ship products together. Now that, obviously, will take more time because there's some infrastructure investments required there. And then lastly, along the same lines in terms of timeline, would be what we would just classify as network optimization. And I talk -- there, I'm talking about our manufacturing footprint. And so we've got 2 very large manufacturing footprints between our 2 companies, and we think there's a lot of opportunity, over time, to streamline that footprint, which will certainly take fixed costs out of the equation but will also help us in some of our variable costs. So there's a number of components there, but the summary I'd give you is the SG&A is already showing up. We'll see it. We're starting to see some of the early cost of goods sold, principally procurement matters. And the ramp-up in the back years is really going to be driven because we'll have all 3 of those levers in the supply chain working at once.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Greg, this is John. Certainly, we have -- we are continuously looking at our debt repayment strategy as we -- especially as we plan for things like the additional proceeds from Ardent Mills. What I would tell you is we are certainly watching the interest rate environment very carefully. We are -- we will be evaluating a number of options in terms of how we want to repay that debt. But we also -- to Gary's point, we don't want to burn the furniture from the standpoint of we don't want to just run and take out a whole bunch of our -- what we think is very low-cost, long-term debt. So we're going to have a very balanced approach. But I will also tell you we're not counting on that as an opportunity to save the back half of the year by really getting overly aggressive on an overly heavily weighted repayment strategy.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. This is Paul. I'll field that. I would use one word that really will make a big difference, and that is focus. And Gary hit on the organizational changes that were executed prior to the acquisition, but it really consolidated a big part of the portfolio under one general manager. And our diversity of products and categories, as well as the customer diversity, just really translates into a different org design that will enable far deeper focus. As Gary said, customer by customer, category by category, it's not a one-size-fits-all and breaking the business down into those business units to enable the focus, from our perspective, will have a significant impact and really help us in the customer execution. And we'd lost some of that. And I believe that the execution, not only from the customer facing but also the total operations, will improve as we get things set up and rolling forward.
Paul T. Maass: What gives me confidence is the feedback we get from the customers. So we've had a -- executed a lot of customer meetings, very positive feedback. We have great capabilities, great products. As we intensify the focus, we'll see improved results.
Paul T. Maass: Yes, this is Paul. I'll answer the question on Lamb Weston Commercial Foods. So the shift was really in foodservice distribution, and we're in the process of shifting business from that particular customer to other customers along relationships. So it's a process that we have to get through. I'm really pleased with the traction that we're getting with new partners in distribution. We will not rely just on that channel for achieving the volume growth back. We'll also get that from international growth, as well as growth with QSRs and other chain partners and customers.
