Gary Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I’m Gary Rodkin here with John Gehring our CFO, Tom McGough, President of Consumer Foods; Paul Maass, President of Private Brands and Commercial Foods; and Chris Klinefelter, our VP of Investor Relations. We also have our CEO-elect, Sean Connolly with us today as well. Before we get started, Chris has a few words.
Gary Rodkin: Thanks John, and Paul. As you can see, there are bright spots within the company. And it’s important not to lose sight of the fact that our overall effectiveness and efficiency work is doing what it is supposed to. This is taking place throughout ConAgra Foods and is producing the SG&A savings and productivity we envisioned, which of course plays a big role in our company’s broader goals. Importantly, the execution related initiatives underway in Private Brands will help us stabilize and grow over time. Our most recent results have been weighted down by our Private Brands performance. But when I take a step back, I’m extremely pleased to see the progress our team has made over the last decade. The long-term view shows, we made good progress transforming ConAgra Foods' into a true operating company with an engaged culture. All of that also tells us that we’re in a position to profitably grow on a sustainable basis over the years ahead. Getting ConAgra Foods to this point has required significant energy and dedication from thousands of people inside the company. I want to thank my team, including all ConAgra Foods employees for all of the sweat equity, talent and perseverance they’ve devoted to ConAgra Foods. It means a lot to me personally and to all of our stakeholders and it's why the company is set up well for the future. I also want to thank you and the rest of the investment community for the interest you had in our company during my tenure here. I’ve appreciated our interactions and your feedback throughout the years and I wish you all the best. I've truly enjoyed the candid dialogue, the challenges and good exchange of ideas that I’m sure will continue with Sean. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to John for some additional detail.
Gary Rodkin: Yeah David understood and you know from a lot of the discussions we’ve had in the past and from the results that we have generated pretty significant savings from our supply chain and SG&A functions year-after-year and the continuous improvement in efficiencies of our operations as well alive for us. So I think we’ve been at that for long time, put a lot of points on the Board and I expect that future will hold the same.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. I think that’s a good question Jonathan and we're always looking to improve our margin structure. We had a spell I can think off three or four years of very dramatic inflation that was tough for all of us to manage through, but I think the balance between driving for productivity on the supply chain side as well as SG&A has served us well. And I think to Sean's earlier comment, operating in a lean fashion is what's really required in an industry that frankly is not a high growth industry. It’s one which is a very large landscape and we have to battle for share. So I am pleased that we've been able to certainly recently start to make some forward progress on the share front, but it's always going to be a balance, but continuing down the productivity front is really important because that's what gives the fuel to grow.
Gary Rodkin: Yes. Let me start by saying clearly we're not where we want to be with the Private Brand business. It's obviously been a disappointing for all of us here at ConAgra. This has been more difficult and taken longer than we anticipated and plan. However, I think we all firmly believe we can improve our performance by focusing on what we can control, which is our execution and we are firmly committed to making those necessary changes. So a little more colorful Paul.
Sean Connolly: Thanks Gary and good morning, everyone. I am looking forward to transitioning into the CEO role here in a couple of weeks. I am very excited to be at ConAgra Foods and part of this team. This is a highly motivated organization with great brands, strong product lines and incredible people and I believe there is a lot we can do to create value together. Now I imagine many of you have big picture questions about our strategy and goals. We'll get to those over time, but not today. I'll need a lot of study to get where I need to be to provide insight on this. For now, I'll just say that I am committed to long term value creation as is our Board of Directors. My plan is to spend the coming months digging in and learning everything I can about our company. After that, we'll share our thinking with all of you at an investor event when the time is right. To be clear, that will be several months down the road. Until then, our organization will remain focused on delivering our near term commitments and our key business initiatives. I look forward to working with all of you as we take ConAgra Foods to the next level. As many of you know I value a good dialogue with analyst and investors and I believe in transparency and availability, so that you can have a very solid understanding of our plans. Thanks for your time this morning. I appreciate your interest in ConAgra Foods and I look forward to working with all of you. Now I’ll hand it back over to Gary.
Sean Connolly: Well I appreciate the question Andrew and I appreciate that you all have many questions for me about how we’re going to create value going forward, clearly being just a few weeks in to ConAgra Foods here, I am in the early days of learning and I’ve got a lot more work to do. So I’m not in a position today to give you the kind of perspective that you’re seeking but I do look forward to engaging with you down the road and sharing that perspective because I’ll have it. For now, just know that I do see tremendous opportunity to create value here at ConAgra Foods and I’m really happy to be part of the team.
Sean Connolly: No Eric actually the impairment of goodwill, goodwill is not an asset that we amortize. So really the impairment is going to have a very little impact if any on our amortization expense going forward.
Sean Connolly: Well Akshay I think you know I've been doing this for about 23, 24 years now and over that time I have managed all sorts of businesses from branded businesses to commercial businesses and private branding businesses. So I’m very comfortable here at ConAgra Foods with the businesses we’ve got. It's very familiar to me and that's why I am enjoying myself now going deep on each and every aspect of our operations. So I can get back to you all in the coming months with an assessment of what I see. What I can tell you with conviction is I am here at ConAgra Foods because I see a tremendous opportunity to create a lot of value over time. We have tremendously strong assets and we have got a highly motivated team. So overall, I am very excited to be here and I think we can put some points on the Board.
John Gehring: Well in principle, I don’t comment on other companies in our industry. So I’m sure you understand I know we’ve a lot to add here. I just I think for those of you know me, you know I’m a big believer in a lean enterprise because that ultimately creates a strong bottom line and fuel for growth and I think that’s just a philosophical view, beyond that, I don't have a lot to add.
John Gehring: Yeah Jonathan this is John Gehring. I will cover that. First of all I would say we have been delivering the synergies that we set out to deliver, obviously we’re not getting those to the bottom line and obvious what that implies is that just our base business execution has deteriorated. And that’s what’s really I think reflected in the impairment and how long it’s going to take us to turn that around. So I think we still are on track to drive out the cost and probably as we started out, we said about two-thirds or three quarters of that was going to be in the COGS area and supply chain and that’s still the case and awful lot of that is being realized in procurement areas. So I’d say we’ve made good progress on the SG&A. We continue to make good progress in supply chain, but we’ve got to get the base business stabilized so that more of those synergies drop to the bottom line.
John Gehring: I would say, the lion's share of them is still sitting in Private Brands, but -- and I don’t have the number in front of me. The consumer has benefited over the last couple of years from some of the scale, particularly in the procurement areas, but I would say probably two-thirds are still sitting in the Private Brands area.
John Gehring: Yes I appreciate the question Robert, Obviously day in, day out we're trying to forecast our business as best we can. And I don’t want to quibble with the timeframes. I would just note that we had not yet closed the third period of the quarter which is also the biggest period of the quarter. So the timing of the release versus the date of the information we have is a little bit off, but nonetheless, I think the things I would point to is first of all about $0.02 to $0.03 of the over-delivery was driven by the lower tax rate and that’s just really a function of in the third quarter at the end of the third quarter every year we reconcile our prior year provision to the actually final tax return. That's just something that happens late in the quarter. So we're unable to predict that until we get through the work. So that is probably $0.02 to $0.03 of it. I think the other piece is we're really in the consumer business again the last period of the quarter was the biggest and it finished stronger. And then I would say the other element is in the commercial business in Lamb Weston in particular. Their domestic volumes came in strong, but I would say they also had a little bit of upside in terms of what we're assuming around the port issue on how much throughput we would get which has obviously been a challenging thing to predict over time. So we clearly are working every day to get tighter on our ability to forecast the business, but we did have a few things come to us for the last month of the quarter that created a little bit of volatility.
John Gehring: Yes, I will, we'll obviously get to next year at a different time. Clearly we -- our fourth quarter is always a very strong quarter of cash generation. I would, without having a lot of details in front of me, clearly our inventory levels are much higher going into fourth quarter and while we expect them to still be higher at the end of the fourth quarter, the amount of the inventory will liquidate over the fourth quarter is going to be higher this year. I also think if you look at probably our accounts payable and some of the accruals, I would expect that we will have more progress and contribution from those in the fourth quarter as well as I also believe our tax payments year-over-year are going to look different also. So there are a number of moving pieces there within the pieces outside of earnings, but again I would remind everybody that we've typically had very strong cash generation in the fourth quarter.
