David Marberger: Yes, just to build on that. So Andrew, our run rate earnings, as Sean said, for the second half, is the same as it was in our previous guidance. And that should really be the base as we think about fiscal '23 earnings. Regarding margins, the pricing we're taking is to offset inflation dollars, which compresses our operating margin in the short-term. But we expect our operating margins are going to improve in the second half versus the first half as the pricing fully hits the market, and we feel good about the runway for expanding margins as we get into fiscal '23. So we're going to give more specifics on our updated long-term algorithm in our spring investor meeting, but we feel good about how we'll exit '22 and the runway for margin going into '23.
David Marberger: Yes, Ken, let me take a shot at this. Let me approach it by talking about operating margins. So we finished fiscal '21 around 17.5%. So our guidance of approximately 16% is 150 basis points reduction. So if you kind of look at the key drivers, it obviously starts with inflation, which is approximately 9%. This is the estimated market inflation before coverage. So that creates about a 650-basis point headwind to operating margin. Our total realized productivity, which is our core productivity, our sourcing coverage, Pinnacle synergies and then the reduction of the COVID costs are over 5% of last year's COGS. So this is a tailwind to operating margin of about 400 basis points. The net impact of all of our pricing actions, mix actions is a tailwind of about 150 basis points. And this includes our pricing for the year, which is somewhere between 3% to 4%, and that's not an annualized number because of the lag, partially offset by a bit of certain increased merchandising programs and then the mix with Foodservice. So there's a lot in there. There's a lot of puts and takes. But in terms of our core productivity, when you include the reduction of COVID and the sourcing benefits, we're over 5% of cost of goods sold against that 9% inflation. So those are the key drivers.
David Marberger: Yes. I mean, we have 2 major things there with pension income and then our equity interest, which is primarily Ardent, and then our tax rate. We expect the tax rate to be 23% to 24%. So that will be in line. So it's really benefits that we're going to get from Ardent and pension.
David Marberger: Yes, we're estimating $475 million in CapEx in fiscal '22. And big piece of that is our continued construction of our new Birds Eye plant, which we're very excited about.
David Marberger: Yes, I think that's fair, David. I would say Q1, and I said this in my prepared remarks, we do expect that to be the lowest margin quarter of the year because we're going to get hit with the highest inflation rate and the pricing will not fully be in effect. So that's probably going to be more in line with where we came in for Q4 fiscal '21, but then you'll clearly see a ramp-up. So the way you're looking at it, I would say, is accurate.
David Marberger: Yes, just on the spending side, our Q1 A&P is going to be up. It was down in Q1 of fiscal '21. That was partially COVID related. But if you look at kind of the run rate where we finished the last 2 quarters in fiscal '21 and kind of where we're going to be in first quarter of fiscal '22, that's a good kind of run rate for A&P as we think about the full year '22.
David Marberger: Yes. Another way to think about it is a little under half of our annual EPS has historically come from the second half. So yes, if our prior guidance had an assumption that was pretty close to that split, so if you look at our prior guidance range and apply that math, you should be in the ballpark for H2 for this year.
David Marberger: Chris, we kind of talk about that in kind of the market inflation, which is the 9% and then all of the offsets, including the hedging. So that's over 5% of total cost of goods sold. So we don't break out the specific piece. So we kind of included in total productivity.
Sean Connolly: Yes, Andrew, Sean here. As I've said many times, some years, you get to your sales number on the back of volume. Some years, you get there on the back of price. And obviously, this is a year of inflation, which means a year of price. And what I can tell you is, overall, we think our sales outlook is a prudent guide based on prudent assumptions, particularly around stickiness and elasticities. We did plan for some stickiness, but as Dave said in his prepared remarks, we also plan for some erosion to creep back in as we get closer to fall. On elasticities, our early elasticities do look good versus our estimates. And in my mind, they're likely to be aided by the ubiquity of the price increases in the grocery store. I think you call it strength in numbers. But in addition to that, even more so by higher prices in away-from-home food, which could further help stickiness. On top of those factors, we expect improved supply, which is going to help our service. We have an excellent '22 innovation slate. Our '21 innovation slate still has a lot more trial yet to happen, and we will be adding back some very select and prudent promotion dollars because we have confidence that the sales they'll generate will be incremental versus not adding them back. So overall, we like where we sit at the top line.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Sure, Ken. Let me unpack that for you. First of all, we have ample tools to navigate inflation and the lag to pricing is no longer than normal. On pricing, the way it works is pretty straightforward. First, you don't generally get a customer to accept inflation-justified pricing until they're confident it's not transitory inflation. So it's not the day it shows up. It's after it's clearly established. Once that happens, it's around 90 days before you see the impact in the P&L. And then if inflation keeps moving, and this is what we've been dealing with, you take additional waves of action and the clock starts over. So if you look at where we were after our Q3 call, when inflation had run up to 6%, we were still finalizing our '22 AOP and we still saw a path to our previous EPS range. But since that time, inflation accelerated further by over $250 million, and that prompted us to develop additional plans to offset the additional inflation, and we've been hustling to implement those plans. But mechanically, there is a real lag effect. And when you have multiple waves of actions, at some point, you can't offset the increasing inflation in short-term windows, at least not without doing things that would ultimately destroy shareholder value like cutting investments in the business or investments in our people. So overall, we feel really good about our company. Our business has been very strong across the board. We continue to lead in innovation. We've delevered as planned. We continue to raise our dividend, and our people remain highly engaged. Now we've got inflation. It happens. You deal with it, and we are. The team is taking, my judgment, all the right actions. And the portfolio, importantly, is better positioned to navigate this dynamic than it was previously in the years gone by. So the net of all of this is a temporary window of profit pressure followed by a strong rebound. And that's how these cycles work when they're managed well, and that's how it will unfold from here. And specifically, as Dave just said, as we exit the year, the run rate earnings power of the business is expected to be exactly where we thought it would be before.
Sean Connolly: Well, just one quick comment on outlook beyond '22. We're not going to get into detail today, David. But our playbook around here is around perpetually reshaping the portfolio for better growth and better margins. And so there are a lot of things that we think we can continue to do over time to drive both growth and both margins. One of the things that we've been doing for the better part of 5 years now is premiumizing the portfolio. And that is -- we historically, as many of you know, have been around for a while, had a lot of our products that were very low priced $1 or below. We've worked hard to get those price points up. It's one of the interesting things about our company in this window we're in right now is we still think our products' price points have room to move north based on the quality that we offer and the modernization that we've put into our innovation. And sometimes you need a catalyst to continue to get those price points really in sync with the value proposition that we're offering. And so the optimist in us here is actually looking at some of what we're navigating here as a positive thing because it continues to fuel our premiumization and modernization strategy, which ultimately leads to better dollar realization per unit and better margins over time.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think the thing you got to do here, Jason, is we've got to double-click down on what is trade, what's within trade. Trade is kind of a catch-all term. And within that catchall basket, there, historically in our experience, had been a lot of inefficiency. And as you've seen us do over the years, we've tried to purge a lot of that inefficiency out. And then there's some stuff that is under the heading of trade that works. So we see both opportunities to continue to get more efficient in some of the areas that have historically been inefficient in trade, and that could be fixed cost trade. It could be unhelpful promotions. So those are things where we can continue to get more efficient. By the same token, there are -- as I mentioned earlier, there are some opportunities to feather back in some trade to drive incremental volume. And the operative word there being incremental. And so we're -- this is the promotional investment part of trade spend. So the way I think about it is this, there's good promotional investments, meaning strong IRR. And those are the ones that drive incremental sales, sales that simply would not happen, but for the promotion. Then there's bad promotion investments. And those are the ones that do not drive incremental sales but merely cannibalize higher margin base sales. If you think about the height of the pandemic, we sold everything we could make as base sales. So promoted sales were inherently not incremental, which is why across the industry, you saw promotions fall. On the other side of the pandemic, base sales start to normalize, and that does leave room for good promotional investments to drive incremental sales, and those are sales that help overall sales and profitability. So the key to being good trade managers, trade spend managers are being able to identify those buckets where there's inefficiency continue to purge that out but not be blind to opportunities to drive incremental sales and profit, the good IRR investments. And that's why you got to get into the details on this giant catch-all bucket that we all call trade.
Sean Connolly: It's really -- our focus -- as you go into these acute inflationary periods, Chris, our focus becomes how do we recapture every profit dollar. And the math will affect in the short term the percentage, but we're focused on recapturing the profit dollars. And that's the earnings power that we expect to be spot on as we get to the back half.
Sean Connolly: Well, we'll see how it plays out. I mean this is the way these pricing -- these acute inflationary periods work, Chris, is the -- you get -- the inflation is your foe in the early days, and it could be your friend as you lap it in the first quarter or 2 that you lap it because you got the pricing at that point baked in, and hopefully you've reached a new equilibrium in terms of cost and you start to see meaningful margin recovery. That's why on a kind of a rolling 12-month basis once we get through this first quarter, you're going to see -- you're going to -- at that point in time, you're going to see a very strong performance in the business overall. But this is why being fulsome in our approach to offset inflation, including broad-based pricing across our categories across the portfolio, is a huge piece of the game. And I'm very pleased to see that the team is executing it the way we want it.
