Dave Marberger: Yes. So, we haven't changed our estimate of net sales in fiscal ‘20 from where we were previously. So, because we missed Q4 driven by transitory reasons, we expect that business will come back. So, the fiscal ‘19 base is lower, but we're holding our estimate for fiscal ‘20 sales, so the math adds 50 basis points of growth, so we added that to the guidance.
Dave Marberger: Yes. I’d just add one thing. And I mentioned in my comments that we are increasing pretty significantly our investment for innovation and that hits in the first half relative to prior years. So that impacts not just profit, but net sales. So, that dynamic flows first half, second half as well.
Dave Marberger: Yes. That’s right, Steve. We had guided to, by the end of fiscal ‘20 will be about 55% of our synergy realized and we’re still $285 million of total synergy, and the split between SG&A and cost of goods sold hasn’t changed.
Dave Marberger: Here again, I don’t want to give the specific gross margin guidance, but it’s clearly going to be a tailwind for us.
Dave Marberger: Chris, related to margins, given the volatility of the business, we don't give specific guidance, but generally our planning posture is we're roughly in line for fiscal ‘20 where we landed for fiscal ‘19. So, that's generally how we will plan that. In terms of year-on-year, there are a lot of puts and takes as you go into fiscal ‘20. I think, specific to Q4, clearly we had some manufacturing challenges, I called out specifically 50 basis points of impact on our gross margins in Q4 that were just pure costs of the recall and some write-offs. So, they will not recur in Q4 of next year. So, they are discrete costs. We have synergies that are obviously ramping up, so that's going to be a big benefit. But, we're also investing some of that synergy back in to drive our innovation slate. So, there's going to be a clear increase in our innovation related investment. So, realize productivity, we're coming on that, but we also have inflation, we have quite -- so there's just a lot of puts and takes and balances. But as we went through it all, we planned it, we scenario planned, we came up with our fiscal year ‘20 plan, and that drove our guidance, and we feel good about it.
Sean Connolly: No. On that latter piece, the answer is no. Because as we talked before that to the degree we have moved below the line money, it's below the line money that wasn't doing anything. So, when you're moving money away, that’s not doing anything, you're not taking anything away. And instead a lot of the spend as we’ve talked many times, it covers a multitude of tools across a multitude of brands. Here on Marie, we’re talking about one brand, and we're talking about a particular time of year where we count on some high quality merchandising that we got displaced from a very aggressive competitor. And what I would say is that it is very hard to anticipate those things. It is not the first time we have seen this in this industry. In fact, if you know Conagra’s history, we know this move, as well as anybody, it’s called volume over value, and it does happen from time to time. But it is not sustainable, because as we learned, when you put all your human and financial resources into price-based competition, there's very little left in the enterprise to actually study consumer behavior or design new quality innovation, and then market it in a personalized fashion. And what you're left with over time is a weak product line up and a consumer that is trained to buy a deal. And that's not our playbook. From time to time, we will encounter it and we got to deal with it. But that's really not what we're after. We'd rather follow our approach, stay consistently focused on moving the center line of our profitability and our sales north over time, even if we've got to deal with some standard deviation in any given quarter, based on this kind of behavior.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Bryan, let me try to unpeel that. So, overall, we have not given specific guidance on gross margin, we gave it on operating margin because of the dynamics. But to your question, generally speaking, inflation, right now there's a lot of moving pieces that the transportation inflation, we saw heavy in the first half of the year and ‘19 is moderated. Although now we're seeing increases in areas like proteins, and then there's obviously some of the weather related inflation that we're dealing with. But as we go into fiscal ‘20, we think given the overall mix of the portfolio and inflation, we're probably going to be close to where we finished this year, 2.7%, 2.8%, something in that area. We expect to continue to deliver on our realized productivity. And we do have pricing actions that we've taken this year that we’ll roll into next year. And then, as inflation comes, and as you saw, we had a lot of inflation related to steel, and we took pricing to deal with that. As 20 develops and we see inflation and if it hits certain brands, we will plan on taking pricing where it’s inflation justified. So, we just have to manage those dynamics as we go. As it relates to the investments, I think, overall for the year, there's definitely going to be more of an increase in the innovation related investment in the first half and in the second half, although we will still have a healthy rate of investment, and year-on-year, it won't be up. So, that will be another kind of benefit to the second half. So, overall, you put all those things together, there's puts and takes that kind of even out over the whole year for gross margin, but it's clearly more investment first half, more benefits second half. And then, there's synergies that come in as well. That's what’s between G&A and cost of goods sold. So, as the year ramps up, the synergies will increase, and that will improve margins as well as we move into the second half.
Sean Connolly: No, we did not, not in our remarks. We gave it on free cash flow. So, overall, free cash flow, we're still estimating approximately $1 billion in free cash flow.
Sean Connolly: Yes. Again, Steve, I don't want to give quarterly guidance here. It's not something that we typically like to do. We were in a position where we had to do it last year. And I didn't like that hack of a lot. I think what I can tell you is that this is kind of a first half, second half story. Obviously, as Dave pointed out, we've got some investments in the first half of the year, obviously that means in Q1 as well, because we've got new items coming in the marketplace that we will invest behind. We also are in the midst of doing some value-over-volume in particular on the Pinnacle business, as we clear the decks for our new innovation. So, in terms of the year, what we said before is that we expect the trend to bend as we move from the first half into the second half without giving kind of quarter-to-quarter, month-to-month specificity on the slopes of those curves. I think, we'd leave it at that in part because as we've said many times with respect to the Pinnacle TPDs, we are trying to accelerate where possible, getting some of these new innovations into the marketplace ahead of a normal plan a grant cadence. And that work as it has been going on, continues, especially when we get in some customers, some of these new innovations in there and can demonstrate that they're working and we've got traction. So, we'll stay flexible on that and continue to kind of update you should we see the trajectory changing. But that's how we see it right now.
Sean Connolly: It’s a little bit of everything, Jason. Let me try to break it down for you, give you an example of kind of the diversity of it. So, for example, on Hunt’s we’ve got some restages coming out, which means we’ve got the old products going out, the new products coming in; there’ll be a gap between the two where new product doesn’t scan and that will show up in the short-term window as if the TPDs have gone down, then they come back. That’s a dynamic. But we also have things going on, Marie Callender’s is a good example of it. Slim Jim and Swiss Miss are other good examples where part of our playbook is to actually reduce TPDs and put more facings against high velocity TPDs and drive growth. I’ll point you back to the case study I gave, I think it was last quarter on Slim Jim where we’re doing that pretty aggressively. That’s a piece of it as well. And it’s one of the reasons I point out usually every other quarter that TPDs can be helpful but they can also be a bit misleading at times. You got to look at kind of the total results of the business as well as in particular the velocities, because when we intentionally reduce TPDs, it usually to pick up facings on higher velocity items and it drives overall sales growth. So, that’s what you got going on. I think, just as I look back on this whole year, we build these plans based on certain planning assumptions. And clearly for fiscal ‘19 overall, some things played out differently than we expected when we built the plan. For example, we didn’t plan for a huge tinplate inflation, didn’t plan for this, so we needed to price over the non-economic follow-on behaviors like certain players in some of our categories. We didn’t obviously plan for recalls and co-packer issues. So, it’s been a dynamic environment including some of Pinnacle’s challenges. But all things considered, as we think about fiscal ‘20 and the innovations slate we’ve got, the fact that we’ve got our arms wrapped around Pinnacle pretty well right now, we think we navigated some of these things we didn’t anticipate pretty well. We have posted our second consecutive year of organic growth, which is something that not all can point to in this environment. And as we pointed out earlier, I think that gives us a solid foundation on which to build going forward here, with our best innovation slate yet. So, overall, I'm pretty positive about kind of how things sack up as we move from first half to second half and throughout our strategic planning horizon.
Sean Connolly: Well, if you look at our Company as an example, it can take years to abate as a total portfolio, but it usually doesn't take a long time to abate at a category level, because you simply can't afford to sustain it for very long across multiple categories. So, if you're doing that as a portfolio enterprise, it’s just too expensive to do this for too long, especially when you're doing it in the face of inflation, using the tomato example today, just is not an affordable strategy. It just draws too many resources from other part to the P&L to be able to hold it. So, we’ve seen it before. It historically has almost always proven to be transitory and there are some things that we can do from time-to-time that help it to be transitory, if we need to do those things. So, that's how we’ll navigate it.
Sean Connolly: Yes. I think what we’re conveying is we're not going to kind of unveil our response on each and every case study. That probably wouldn't be a wise competitive approach doing things like. Principally, we don't want to look at all these things and just say automatically, hey, we think we should respond because these things tend to be transitory in nature, even in the absence of a response from us. But, should somebody want to rent market share and try to sustain it for longer than a narrow window, then we will absolutely consider responding. We will look at each and every -- thankfully, we don't see a lot of these things across the portfolio. We haven't seen this kind of behavior in quite some time now. But it does come up, and we will look at it on a case-by-case basis. And that's probably as much details I’d get into on it.
Sean Connolly: Yes. First of all, Rob, we’ve always, since we acquired it, viewed Gardein as an attractive growth asset. That's why we talked about it at Investor Day, we served it at CAGNY and we spent capital to build the capacity. I think, what's changed, I think we can all acknowledge that it was hard to see the consumer fever pitch, for this space, gathering quite ahead of steam it has done as quickly as it's done. So, the upshot of all of this is that the market opportunity is quite a bit bigger than we're counting on. Does that mean that the investment behind it will be bigger? Potentially so to take advantage of it. But keep in mind, that investment is not a tax on EBIT. Gardein has got pretty good gross margin. So, as we sell more, and if we pick up the kind of tailwinds, we get in a compounding curve over the strategic plan horizon, those sales will generate additional fuel for growth that we will invest back to even accelerate those sales further. So, it's kind of a virtuous cycle here we've got going on Gardein. And overall the additional upside to it just helps us feel that much better about our long-term prospects and our fiscal 2022 outlook. With respect to this kind of partner branding approach, let me just try to explain how we're thinking about Gardein. To the degree we sell kind of a pure blood meat product, so a chicken alternative, a burger alternative, a hotdog alternative, a sausage alternative, that will stand alone as a Gardein brand. But one of the things we have learned over and over and over again at Conagra is that the name of the game is velocity. And velocity is always stronger when it's not a new brand in an established space, for example, single-serve frozen meals, but it's an icon brand that has brought modern attributes into that space. In this case, we have a power brand such as Healthy Choice as an example. Healthy Choice is an absolute juggernaut and icon in single-serve meals. But each and every year, we will look to find new modern attributes to bring to the consumer. In this particular window that we're in here now over the next several years, one of these new attributes that we know the consumer is going to be looking for is meat alternatives in the space where meat used to be. So for example in Healthy Choice, where they -- the consumer used to buy 20 chicken based Healthy Choice bowls a year, they may buy 16 and buy 4 meal alternatives. And Gardein, because we will have a presence in the meat space, we already have almost $200 million business out there, has tremendous credentials in the plant alternative space, credentials in taste, credentials in texture, credentials in aroma and credentials across all day parts, breakfast, lunch, dinner and protein types. So, instead of showing up as the thousandth brand, in this plant-based alternative space with no credentials, we think the power of Gardein which has tremendous credentials and plant base with the icon of a Healthy Choice in single-service healthy meals, works even stronger for us. We are doing similar things right now, by the way, in our sweet treats business with Duncan Hines perfect size where we cobranded with Oreo. And we like what we see there, we've done it before. So, this is not kind of an ingredient inside piece. This is a way to really quickly break through at the point of purchase and make it immediately evident to the consumer within 2 seconds flat, what they're getting, and give them confidence that it’s going to be a good evening experienced. So, we actually think that that is not a risky proposition but that is that's the optimum way to build ubiquity in kind of holistic meals in this plant-based space.
Sean Connolly: David, when you were looking at quarterly results and change versus year a ago, it's not just a function of what's happening right now; it's a function of what happened in the year ago period. Right? So, as an example, if you look at more recent Chef results, you'll see, you'll see better optics than we saw at the end of Q4. And that reflects the fact that there were significant merchandising activities in the end of Q4 a year ago that we didn't get this year; it dropped off. In terms of the drop-off as the quarter unfolded, simply put, we were expecting a fairly strong period 11 and period 12, which are the last two months of our year and at the end of the fourth quarter, and we just didn't get it at the level we discussed, which was the Marie merch, the Chef merch and the private label pricing actions within canned tomatoes, as well as some of these manufacturing challenges that really hit us toward the end of the quarter. So, that's really what it's about. We will have things that will improve in Q1. We'll still be doing things to upgrade the portfolio and do value-over-volume as we move Q1 and Q2 but then we will also be folding in the innovation slate. So, a lot going on this year as we get the Pinnacle business back up and running. But that’s really kind of how it unfolded there in the fourth quarter, particularly in our period 11 and period 12.
Sean Connolly: Yes. We got -- it’s a fair question, David. We’ve got a number of grocery businesses that we put under this heading, we call reliable contributors, which is basically saying -- that’s what we expect with them. We expect them to contribute reliably in the fullness of time. We have a variety of canned food businesses that have quite frankly been very reliable contributors over the last several years, Hunt’s is a good example of one of those businesses as has Chef. It is quite possible that from time to time for all the reasons we’ve discussed quite a bit today that we can see kind of this non-economic behavior by competition. That will happen from time to time. But, it doesn’t tend to happen often and it does tend to be transitory. So, to label a reliable contributor as no longer reliably contributing is if that the perpetual notion is a bit of an overreaction. But I'm not going to say that we don’t evaluate these kinds of things all the time. I don’t think you’ll find a company in our space that’s been as active as we have over the last five years in reshaping the portfolio. And that includes divesting things that are kind of chronic drag on what we’re trying to accomplish. So, we’re always looking at that. We did more of that this quarter. I just wouldn’t want you to paint -- to label canned foods as not reliably contributing as a perpetual notion when that’s just not been what we experienced. In fact, what we’ve experienced is, historically it’s been a high cash flow business and it’s thrown off a lot of cash, a lot of fuels for growth elsewhere in the portfolio like frozen.
Sean Connolly: I think, again, we’re not sitting here patting ourselves on the back for what I would call a real raise for the ‘20 guidance at the high end of sales; it’s not that. It’s really a recovery of Q4 because the issues we experienced in Q4, we don’t expect to repeat. So, really, we’re just getting back to basically the same place we plan to all along. And underpinning that is an operating plan that is counting on a lot from some very robust innovation that transcends not only our most strategic segments, frozen and snacks and Legacy CAG but also some of the businesses in Pinnacle, which will contribute for part of the year as organic. So, we're counting on continued performance, like we’ve seen on our innovation the last few years, but now we're seeing it on a bigger slate. And we're excited about this Gardein opportunity, which is really not just a '20 opportunity, but that's to tee up the point that that will continue to serve us well and help us navigate other things we're doing as we move through fiscal 2022.
Sean Connolly: Well, we will get out of it. I'm not going to give you exact timing. These are good businesses. I mean, got unbelievable relative market share on both of those businesses. How we navigate through it, I'm not going to disclose that; it may come a number of different ways, but we'll keep our power dry on that. But, you're talking about two brands here that are number one market share by far in their categories. And as I mentioned earlier, when we get our price gaps right, our merchandising right, we can recover volume rather quickly on these businesses. So, it's just a question of how is that going to unfold and exactly when is that going to hold, we’re not going to get into that detail quite here today.
