Gary M. Rodkin: Good morning. Welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. I'm Gary Rodkin, and I'm here with John Gehring, our CFO; and Chris Klinefelter, VP of Investor Relations. This morning, we'll talk about our strong fiscal 2013 first quarter performance and our upwardly revised outlook for the remainder of the year. And then, we'll open up the call for your questions. At that point, André Hawaux, President of Consumer Foods; and Paul Maass, President of Commercial Foods, will join us. Before we get started, Chris has a few opening remarks.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. First of all, we're very pleased with our integrations on all of the 6 acquisitions we've made in the last 12 months. I'd say that we would expect a little less than half of our Consumer Foods growth to come via acquisitions. We have a very disciplined process, a very clear strategy, and we're leveraging our capabilities to accelerate or improve the performance of the acquired businesses. So for example, as you mentioned, Bertolli and P.F. Chang will clearly benefit from our frozen infrastructure and scale in the section -- in the frozen section. And our best-in-class innovation capabilities will be directly applicable. But let me give it to John for a little more color.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Andrew. You're accurate that we still had quite a bit of pricing to overlap in Q1, and that will change as the year goes on. But André can give us a bit more color.
Gary M. Rodkin: Well, we're very excited about the acquisition, both the P.F. Chang's side and Bertolli, because we believe, first of all, most importantly, those are terrific brand equities. They take us into new occasions, which as you noted, there's a bit of snacking, snack meals on the P.F. Chang's side. But really, this multi-serve side of the business is a place that we're very excited about getting bigger in. But those equities are really great, and I think the most important thing is that we have capabilities that can be leveraged because we've got scale, expertise, infrastructure in frozen that I think are going to be brought to bear once we really get this integrated into the company. So we are very excited about the growth prospects of both of those brands. They really hit the mark with some new consumers for us.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, David. First of all, again, let me reiterate how pleased I am with the quality of this Q1 performance, because both our Consumer and Commercial Foods operations significantly improved their operating profits. So very, very pleased with that. Now certainly, we benefited from less-than-expected inflation. Remember, we have to put our plans in place several months ahead, so that certainly contributed. But very importantly, our total margin management efforts across the company have really gotten traction, including our very proactive and effective cost management on top of lower-than-expected inflation. Our plants are also running very well across the company. Our productivity efforts continued to be robust, and our net pricing architecture tools and our analytics have really improved. And finally, our Lamb Weston international business was really strong. So all of the above, on top of just the lower inflation, added up to an excellent quarter.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, I would tell you that we're really doing all the above in terms of our 3 pillars. So you've seen us on the branded side, on things like most recently the Bertolli and PF Chang's. You see us in the private label space certainly with National Pretzel. And you've seen us on international with Del Monte Canada and with our increased position in our joint venture in India. So we really do have 3 pillars. It's not an either/or. And we're going to continue down that path.
Gary M. Rodkin: No, it hasn't. It is still a priority for us. It's really an important business. Again, we're interested in the value-added side of private label. Retailers clearly, you see, are interested in developing and improving their own store brands. And we've got a well-developed infrastructure on private label. And we're leveraging those capabilities that we have across the company on the branded side, like innovation and food safety and category management and just our overall talent. So we're going to continue to be a big branded player, but we see good growth opportunities in private label.
Gary M. Rodkin: And, Ann, I would echo André's comment. The feedback we get consistently from our customers is that we are, by far, the best innovator, and we are doing things that are platform oriented, not really one-off. So if you think about our steaming, you think about our MicroRite trays that allow the consumer to get the same quality much more quickly out of a microwave versus an oven, those kinds of things are platforms that we'll continue to leverage.
Gary M. Rodkin: Yes, Ann. I would say what we're not going to do is just plant a lot of flags. We're going to build out from the infrastructure in places that we already have pretty good scale. It could be places like India with our JV, places like Mexico, and we can grow not just in those companies but from that geography. And certainly, on the Lamb Weston side, where we already have a very significant global footprint, we're going to continue to grow as our customers continue with their aggressive plans to expand in emerging markets.
Chris Klinefelter: Good morning. During today's remarks, we will make some forward-looking statements, and while we're making those statements in good faith and are confident about our company's direction, we do not have any guarantee about the result that we will achieve. If you'd like to learn more about the risks and factors that could influence and affect our business, I'll refer you to the documents we file with the SEC, which include cautionary language. Also, we'll be discussing some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today, and the reconciliations of those measures to the most directly comparable measures for Regulation G compliance can be found in either the earnings press release, the question-and-answer document, or on our website under the Financial Reports and Filings link and then choosing Non-GAAP Reconciliations. Now I'll turn it back over to Gary.
Chris Klinefelter: Thilo, this is Chris. We don't usually single that out as a percentage of EPS. I think if you look at the current trends and the run rate, and assume that, that is something reasonable to prorate over the rest of the year.
Chris Klinefelter: Eric, this is Chris. In regard to your question about Prop 37, that's not the scope of our remarks today. So what I want to say is that we're working with our trade group and with other food companies to get the word out on it. And we think that when consumers understand the nature of the proposal, they'll vote against it, so...
Chris Klinefelter: Thank you. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded and will be archived on the web as detailed in our news release. And as always, we are available for discussions. Thank you very much for your interest in ConAgra Foods.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Gary. Just, Andrew, just one clarification. I think as we entered the year, we said for the company, the acquisitions would contribute, we thought, maybe a little bit more than half. I think the full year, I would say that the acquisitions now for the total company will contribute slightly more than half. If we look at just at consumer, it might be a little bit more than half.
John F. Gehring: Yes, this is John. The -- on the base consumer business, our advertising and promotion was up about 20% year-over-year on the comparable quarter.
John F. Gehring: Yes, that is accurate. I'd say we have increased our base business and the M&A piece has probably gone up a little bit, although I would caution that very recent acquisitions, we don't expect that those are going to be up and running at full run rates for some period of time. So the contribution of those to the current year is fairly minimal.
John F. Gehring: I think that's an accurate portrayal. We've essentially passed through the upside from this quarter, and then we've evaluated the rest of the year and feel like we're in the right spot.
John F. Gehring: David, this is John. I think you're being slightly too strong on the commodity piece. I talked about mid-single digits last quarter. And I think I specified kind of 4% to 6%. When I say slightly better this quarter, probably talking about something in the 3% range. So while it was certainly helpful, there's a lot more to the story than just commodities here. So I think the things Gary mentioned, I think we're -- a lot of our capabilities were working very well. The other thing I'd add is that we expected the quarter to be a fair amount stronger than the prior year ourselves as we entered the year. So I think there is a lot of credit to pass around here in terms of number of capabilities.
John F. Gehring: Yes, Eric, let me handle the question on restating sales. We had a small portion of transactions in our milling business that just historically we've always reported on a net basis. And as we looked at the accounting rules and just looked to get the -- took another look at that, we decided it would be preferable, given how we report the rest of that business, just to report those sales gross. I believe it was about $30 million in the milling business in this quarter. So not material, but we just kind of cleaned it up.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Andrew. Let me just answer the -- both parts of your question. First, with the pricing, which you talked about very succinctly, I'd say the way our pricing overlaps occur over the course of the year -- let me give you some percentages. We lapped about 40% of the price we took last year in Q1, so it is by far our biggest overlap. In Q2, we lap about 30% of it, so again, not insignificant. We had taken a lot of pricing, as you know, last year, and we had sequentially done it. But we had taken a fair amount in Q2, so that's about 30%. And then Q3, Q4, it's about 20% in Q3 and about 10% in Q4. So clearly, the back half certainly supports where we'll see a lot more of those volume trends. But as Gary mentioned earlier, we do see sequential improvements starting to happen in Q2 and Q3 and Q4. With respect to the brands that we've seen and feel very good about as pricing has waned, I'd say that one of the franchises we do feel good about and we're it seeing in our shares and we're seeing it behind the support that our advertising has given us, is probably on the Hunt's tomato products, specifically our diced portfolio. So we see ourselves coming into what is traditionally tomato season, and we're hoping we get a much -- a less mild winter than we got last year. But we see that brand doing very well on a market share standpoint and continuing to win with customers and consumers. So that would be one example I would give you of brands, other than the ones that Gary mentioned, obviously Marie Callender and Slim Jim and Ro*Tel and those brands.
André J. Hawaux: Yes, Ken, Gary is spot on about our frozen capabilities. I would also say, let's just remind ourselves, as the consumer looks at this, we still provide a high-quality protein, a starch and a vegetable, in many cases for a $1 in a meal, and that's unbelievable value. As you recall, a year ago, though, it was being sold for $0.88, and that was unsustainable from a margin perspective. So I think we -- I know we've made the right trade-offs. We haven't lost a lot of consumers in that franchise, and they will be back as we lap that pricing, as Gary said. So I think we feel very good about the decisions we've made on Banquet, and it continues to be a great value, a great traffic driver for our customers, a very good franchise we have. And we don't think private label comes in underneath that.
André J. Hawaux: Well, I think a lot of things have happened, Jonathan, over the course of the last couple of years with respect to how you access consumers from a variety of sources. The major -- the old 3-network programs that you did before don't work as well. But I think our teams have done a really nice job getting into the digital space, as Gary mentioned, with Slim Jim and some other things like that. I think you have to have a balance. And we were historically at ConAgra weighted to more push and trade-driven and less pull, and I think what we're doing, consistent with our strategy, has been to better balance that. But I do believe in this environment you need both. You need strong pull recognition, going for high ROI programs. And you also have to have merchandising and trade programs that bring consumers in and that support what the retailers are trying to do. So I think you have to have a balance. And I do believe the programs are still effective. Otherwise, if they weren't, if they had low ROIs, to Gary's point earlier, we would take them out.
André J. Hawaux: Sure, I think we'll -- Jason, we'll tag team this, myself and Paul. Paul can speak to the potato piece, and I will speak to the category of single-serve meals, which I think you addressed with our competitor set there. We on occasion see that. I think that for the most part, people have been pretty disciplined, including ourselves, on pricing. But certainly, there are promotions out there that we see a little deeper than we'd like. But I'd say, on the whole, the key for us is to really bring consumers back and customers back to that category because that's what we've been -- what's been the most sluggish has been the offtake there. And again, a lot of that, and we've talked about this in the past, has a lot to do with the economy and some things like that. So I think we see that coming back. Right now, I don't see competitive prices sort of out of control, but on occasion, we do see promotions driven at a place where we would not rather not play.
André J. Hawaux: Ann, this is André. Certainly for us, as Gary has mentioned, we believe we -- in frozen, we have an innovation machine. And not only with the recent properties we just acquired, we feel very good about the capabilities to innovate off of those 2 brands unbelievably well in multi-serve but also in other areas. But we've now sort of capture the frozen case, if you will, from -- I like to say from sunrise to sunset in the sense that we have it now at the breakfast occasion all the way through the dessert occasion. And we're looking at innovation across that entire lineup. We think we'll bring out some things for breakfast that will get consumers interested. And a lot of other things we continue to focus, as you know, on -- we showed some of those products at CAGNY on dessert. We know we have opportunities in single-serve and multi-serve meals, so we, for one, believe that we'll be driving the categories with our innovation machine that we have.
André J. Hawaux: Rachel, this is André. I -- we don't see a need for that because, again, I just want to remind the listeners that it's still inflation that we're dealing with. It's certainly more moderate than it was a year ago, but it's still inflation. But as Gary pointed out earlier, I mean, we will watch where the categories go and where the competitive landscape takes us. But we don't see right now a need in our organization to be rolling back prices. We have a strategy across the full year, so but again, we'll be looking at it. We'll be looking at the commodity markets as we do day in and day out and determining what our posture is. But right now, our plans are not to see ourselves effectively roll back a lot of pricing.
Paul T. Maass: Yes. I'd just reiterate what Gary mentioned in the formal remarks. There's nothing I'm seeing that would change our strategy and our commitment to this strategy with attracting the high-end consumers with Alexia and our all-natural innovative products with Alexia, as well as the licensed brands -- those are doing well -- and our long-term commitment with private label. And quarter-to-quarter, things may look a little bit different, but long term, everything that we see tells us to stick with our strategy.
Paul T. Maass: Jason, for the most part, where we have the priority on private label is in more on the value-add side. But we're not looking to place most of our bets in categories where it's just purely about the lowest-price bid. That certainly will happen now and then and we have to deal with it, but our strategy is really to go on the value-add side.
Paul T. Maass: Sure. So I'll -- this is Paul, and I'll just kind of give you a broader perspective. So the way we look at it is there is pretty dynamic growth from emerging markets in general. The highest quality, lowest-cost potatoes in the world are in North America and Europe, which is exactly aligned with our footprint. And so we're well positioned to really align with customers and be key strategic partners that enable them to grow and build out their growth plans in these emerging markets. I would probably generalize as far as Southeast Asia as a real exciting growth market. But in general, we see a pretty exciting growth on frozen potato products in not only Asia, but also the Middle East and South America as well. And we're positioned well to enable those customers to grow there. And then on the operational efficiencies, I kind of hit on the quality of the potatoes and the low cost, but our manufacturing footprint can serve those customers very efficiently from where we're at. And we're very focused on that. It's a big part of what drives our success, and we're committed to that going forward.
