Robert Painter: Thanks, Phil. When we think about our right to win at Trimble, we believe we can uniquely bring together users and connect workflow between the physical and digital worlds across industry continuums. Connect & Scale as our strategy, our strategy as an industry platform strategy, our platform strategy is in turn a data strategy. If we are successful in our pursuits, we will collect one of the most complete data sets in and across industries, creating a flywheel of enhanced insights and data connectivity, thereby enabling our customers to transform how they work while building a competitive moat around our business. Thanks to all our Trimble colleagues for delivering a solid start to the year and for demonstrating resilience and conviction as we continue to transform how we work so that we can transform how the world works.  Operator, we can now open the line to questions. 
Robert Painter: So bookings in the quarter continued to be strong. So put together really a couple of years now of strong progression in the bookings. The bookings -- the ACV bookings were over 20% growth in the quarter. So we like what we're seeing in terms of the progression there. Within that, Trimble Construction One is clearly an offering that we've been talking a lot about over the last, say, 1 year, 1.5 years. The bookings grew faster than that within Trimble Construction One. So Trimble Construction One, we're continuing to increase the level of adoption through that as we've transformed our selling organization and the processes and the systems to go along with that. So I'll give you an example, in North America, I think about 80% of our bookings were Trimble Construction One bookings within the quarter and those grew at a level of almost 2x the bookings level growth on a year-over-year basis. So strong progression, Chad. 
Robert Painter: Jason, the breakdown on that is about 2/3, 1/3, 2/3 existing logos, 1/3 new logos. So if we take new logos, what we see is that the offering is expanding the addressable market. In some cases, that's allowing us to go, I'd say, more than the small, mid-sized end of the market with the offering. And then on the, let's call it, the mid- to upper end of the market, we continue to see customers wanting to buy into an ecosystem. We think that's driving a good amount of the growth. Team has done a great job executing. 
Robert Painter: Yes, good question. So on the macro side within AECO, what I would comment on, is that we see good growth in onshoring, reshoring of manufacturing, we see -- and you see that in Europe and North America. Renewables, data centers, these are strong growers in North America and those bookings and ARR growth supports that. Residential, with interest rate environment is on the other side of that. Trade, that aspect of the market is a bit more challenged. We actually also, Jason, have quite a bit of data within our own systems. As you know, we're managing nearly 1/3 of U.S. construction through our systems. And so we can see that hiring is up in the market here in North America in the nonresidential space. We can see geographically that there's been the largest growth in the Midwest, followed by the Southeast with Florida, Carolinas and Georgia. 
Robert Painter: Jonathan, it's Rob. Good question. We actually already see that in AECO. And so you can see the growth in the quarter, for example, was the 18% on the ARR as well as 18% revenue. If you look in transportation and logistics, you actually have the same phenomenon -- total revenue up for ARR up [ 4% ].  So it correlates to the amount of recurring, it's in that. The one that will be disconnected and would remain so for, I think, a number of years would be field systems, which is predominantly a hardware business. I think they recurring, as I recall it, in the 20% range on that. So those will remain separated and thus, leave a separation at the total company level. 
Robert Painter: Yes, a good question as well. So another strong quarter of bookings growth. That's 2 quarters in a row of records for the business, a record Q4 and then a record with the Q1 as well. What I would say is, there's a few things to add on to that. So the team began successfully cross-selling Transporeon solutions to existing Trimble Transportation customers here in North America, which exemplifies go-to-market synergies and we think we're just getting started. Conversely, we've been selling some of our maps solutions into the European market. Those bookings growth were both with the shippers and carrier customers.  And that's important because we continue -- the team is continuing to grow network participants on all sides of the transportation management platform, which effectively connects the buyers and the sellers of freight. Dozens of new logos were added in the quarter. I like what we're seeing from new products development as well with autonomous procurement and autonomous quotation. So I'd say a number of things coming together. The team is executing quite well in which is still a very difficult economic or difficult freight market economy, doubly so in Europe. 
Robert Painter: Well, so the Transporeon will certainly help them at the company level in terms of bringing up the ARR growth potential. The other side of that is the mobility business. And so the net of that gets to the guide that we put forward, Jerry. 
Robert Painter: At this point, no. No, we're maintaining the outlook on that. It has -- I mean, it would buy us more than above to the mid but we're going to leave that guide where we are right now. 
Robert Painter: Kristen, great question. Let me take that twofold. First, with the, call it, the 100 bps of investment -- OpEx investment into the AECO segment that Phil referenced. More than half of that is at the sales and marketing level. So that's putting feet on the street, sellers to go get the business that we think is there. About 1/4 of it is in R&D as we continue to drive connectivity and interoperability between the solutions driving workflow capabilities as well as AI investments we're making into the products. And then the remainder is in G&A, which is really the systems investments and the systems investments, which are enabling a lot of this to happen.  So then at the level when we think about the return on investment that we're making to put into the business, we look at that lifetime value over the customer acquisition cost. And the easy heuristic is, when we're at a ratio above 3, that's telling us to and lean forward and invest into the business. We're well above that as of, call it, as a floor of our thinking. And so when we do that math, this is -- actually, it's a pretty straightforward exercise to say we should be leaning into investing in this business to go after the market, especially when we're delivering well above the Rule of 40, and in fact, above Rule of 50 in the [Audio Gap]. 
Robert Painter: Yes, it's a great question. So on a multiyear basis, I would frame this market as the largest available TAM that we have to service. We know the multitrillion dollar size of global construction. We're playing both in vertical construction, horizontal construction. We know it's a market that's large, global, underserved, underpenetrated, has challenges with productivity at the intersection of productivity and sustainability, which our solutions positively affect. We see more and more customers wanting to buy into ecosystems and our right to win, we think begins with the breadth and depth of solutions we have across the continuum of the life cycle. Furthermore, if you subscribe to a notion that the world is becoming more data-centric, more data-driven, then  you will like the touch points we have across this industry where we can, we believe, move from optimizing tasks to optimizing systems.  So we think we're well and uniquely positioned to do so. With respect to how we then think about existing versus new logos. Within the existing customer base we have, we think that there's hundreds of millions of dollars of untapped ARR to mine through cross-sell and upsell, given the breadth of that installed base that we have. With the systems investments that we're making, it becomes more efficient to go to market. Some of those investments are creating -- starting to create the ability for customers to self-provision licenses, more e-commerce capabilities are starting to come to market. That, in turn, creates a more efficient go-to-market motion into the smaller end of the market. And so that, we think, would be another TAM that we can unlock through the nature of the business model and the efficiency of which we go to market.  We for sure think that we can continue to win new logos along the way as customers and the market overall continues to adopt and continues to digitize. I would expect within that 5 years that the majority of that revenue would come through the existing base in this land and expand motion. So that's the expectation I'd want to set there. So continue to feel very, very positive about the work in this business and the progress that we're making and we'd like to think that we're just getting started. 
Robert Painter: Thanks for the question. Well, we certainly are following what the OEMs are reporting on their unit sales, both at a retail side and a wholesale demand level. And there's for sure a correlation within Field Systems business we have and the OEM. So we have OEM exposure let's say, in field systems that we really don't have nearly as much of in the other 2 segments of the business. What we would see through our own numbers is that the European economy is more challenged and we've seen some of the prints out there on units in, let's say, Europe, in construction, although interestingly enough, our Europe business in field systems performed quite well, relatively well in the first quarter.  So it's not a perfect, let's say, R-squared on that correlation. We're also fundamentally architected to serve the aftermarket and to serve the mixed fleet within that. So there's also another, I'd say, call it, the mindset that we have is not to be driven by what are new unit sales, although we do obviously sell on to new units as we see many, many hundreds of thousands of millions of machines that would benefit from having Trimble technology on and machine types like excavators remain low single-digit penetrated with technology.  And so we think there's enormous opportunities to drive technology adoption into the base of machines that are out there. That's just the civil construction side of the business. So in Field Systems, surveying and mapping is an important business for us and I would say we disconnect that from the unit sales coming out of the machinery manufacturers. And there, a surveyor fundamentally creates a digital model of the physical world, that work could be an oil and gas workflow, could be cadastral survey, could be in residential application. It could be in our national parks. There's a wide variety of applications in that market, which would be independent of machine units. I hope that helps provide some color. 
Robert Painter: Rob, thanks for the question. You're right about the original thesis of it is, we didn't, let's say, create our model fundamentally around bringing the European applications into North America. We saw that as additive opportunities and we for sure saw that we could do it. We just didn't predicate the deal on that being the fundamental thesis. So yes, hey, good news or that's the, the example, the customer I talked about in the prepared remarks, it's a multi-hundred thousand dollar ARR win that we have. And it actually is using the autonomous quotation product that we talked about earlier as well. So not even, let's say, the -- let's call it, the older or existing application capabilities we had in the business, it's actually a new one and so we find that very interesting to think about.  What's most unique about what we have and special about the North America installed base, it's carrier-centric, is the nature of our customers. So when we look at capabilities to bring into North America on the carrier side, that would look like autonomous quotation and it's really creating automation around spot transactions. So that's something that makes sense for our sellers to be able to introduce to the existing customer base. In addition, we've talked before about Engage Lane in North America and the marketplace in Europe. We brought those organizations or those teams together into 1 team to create a global -- what's called global scale and global opportunity around that. So that's another example. And then the third example is real-time visibility. We're doing that as 1 business now, not separately in Europe and North America. And so that would -- those would be additional capabilities, then we want to penetrate here into the North America and yes. 
Robert Painter: Josh, it's Rob. I'll take this one. I think it's a really good question. It's not just business as usual. It really does change how we're thinking about the business, how we're running it in some of -- at least the value creation opportunities that this unlocks. This does simplify and focus the company and I think provides a great new baseline for us as we move forward in executing the strategy. If we look at the AECO assets in that segment as an example, this is a business that is now operating at over $1 billion in ARR. It's a scaled ARR software business. This mandate in the business enables the team to take, let's say, the processes and the systems capabilities across a broader swath of the business than what we were doing previously.  If I look within Field Systems, as an example, there, this is the first time in decades that we've had our survey business and our civil construction business under 1 leadership. That is providing a sharper focus and frankly, a level of accountability to sharing R&D capabilities, being more thoughtful about our positioning technologies and how we're using them across the business. It's driving better outcomes in terms of attaching things like our positioning services business to the hardware that we sell in survey and civil construction. And then super importantly, at a go-to-market level, the similar competency within this is selling, simply put, selling hardware through a global dealer channel. So we're bringing more efficiency in how we go to market. That is to say, we have 1 leader in Asia Pacific, 1 in the European region and 1 in the Americas. So 3 leaders from these regions overseeing the scope of what we do in survey and civil. Previously, that would have been 6 people instead of 3.  So that, for us, is providing better and more consistent management at the dealers and then it enables a different way to think about capital allocation where we can put some of those resources and to help the dealers plan their long-term business health and their strategies to complement the work they're doing in the short term to help them identify the market opportunities and make the number. Transportation arguably had the least amount of change and there, it would feel probably a bit more like business as usual. 
Robert Painter: Yes. No, I like the question. And I used the words in the prepared remarks about a multiyear overnight success. This journey is 1,000 little steps. We launched Connect & Scale of January 2020. I think what we have now creates a new baseline. But let's also look at the facts in -- the fact base, I should say. In 2018, we had $1.1 billion of ARR. We closed Q1 at $2.03 billion of ARR. In 2018, we were 31% recurring revenue as a business, as-adjusted in Q1 were 63% ARR. We had EBITDA of 22.6% in 2018. We closed Q1 at 27.9%. Structurally, our gross margins in 2018 were 58% in Q1, adjusted to 67.5%. Over the last 5 years, we produced 44% operating leverage.  We haven't just decided that this is the direction that we're going. We've been working on this for a number of years. So now as we take this as the baseline, I think one of the probably one of the better things that as an outcome of the resegmentation is that transparency and that visibility to the investment community, which is what you're highlighting. It is very obvious to see in that AECO business now. This is a scaled ARR business operating well above Rule of 40, growing ARR in the high teens, produced 37.4% operating income in the first quarter. I'm emphatically positive and proud of the team and what they've accomplished on that.  So I look forward in the 3-year time frame, we're looking -- we talk about ARR and free cash flow. To me, those are the big bookends, not the only bookends but they're 2 of the biggest bookends that we have to drive value. So I'd say in the 3-year time frame, you should be looking for continued ARR growth. We should be able to continue to progress the structural gross margins, as software I would expect, would outgrow hardware over that time frame. The structural gross margin improvement is an enabler of an ability to drive operating leverage. We drive operating leverage, that means we're driving increased levels of EBITDA. And then as Phil said in his prepared remarks, I think cumulative free cash flow is the game in the long-term game. And so we'd be looking to continue to progress the free cash flow in the business relative to the net income that we have. That's the quantitative framework I'd have around that. Hope that helps. 
Robert Painter: Okay. So hey, on the -- what's the multiyear targets, we're going to have an Investor Day in December. And Phil mentioned that in his prepared remarks. I think we have been saying second half of the year but we're narrowing that to December. So that's the formal update. I appreciate that in the interim there will be questions of how do we think about that progression of the business and the model. And I think that we can continue to provide color in the next couple of calls. But what we already know is the baseline and I want to highlight that. We know we have a baseline from the quarter on -- or you can actually say, take the year, where we're guiding at the -- for the level of EBITDA for the company between 26.5% and 27.5%. We've talked about the ARR growth. They're guiding 11% to 13% organic.  So if you apply the -- if you take the EBITDA that we have and you continue to play forward the growth we expect and apply operating leverage on that, it's not that hard to see that we could [Audio Gap] of gross margin improvement a year. [Audio Gap] And if that plays through, then you can get to a 2027 in a plus or minus frame and then we'll put the finer points and the details around that in -- sorry, in December for 2027 or wherever we decide to set the next multiyear mark. 
