RobPainter: The total ARR growth for the combination of Viewpoint and e-Builder was 17% in the quarter year-over-year. As it relates to new logos, we had actually strong performance in the quarter on new logo bookings. So it's a good sign that the Connect & Scale strategy is bearing fruit inside of Construction.
RobPainter: Well, to set context for the competitive landscape, let's start with the macros in the agriculture market. As we all know, it's -- the commodity prices are high, and that is fueling a positive farmer net income. So there's an attractive backdrop against that, farmer sentiment is high, new machine sales are strong. So the place to start is at the top level with the market conditions that are positive. And you see that playing through the results in the Resources and Utility segment, and the team did a really nice job in the quarter and really through of this year.  From a competitive landscape perspective, actually, what I want you to hear is that CNH is an important customer of Trimble. And so we expect that relationship to continue to go forward in a positive light, and that's been -- that's consistent with the signals that we've received thus far.
RobPainter: Jason, so the -- I'll say the thesis behind Trimble ventures is twofold. It's to accelerate platform investments as well as the technology ecosystem. So from a technology ecosystem, think about emerging technologies that could relate to augmented reality. It could be in blockchain. It could be in IoT or autonomy. And that plays across all of Trimble potentially. And then from a platform perspective, Connect & Scale is synonymous with an industry platform strategy. And so I'll use the two interchangeably. We want this venture fund to participate with companies who can be part of the Trimble platform and extend the customer value and value proposition. And that also we could see playing across the breadth of Trimble. Having Ron Antevy, who comes from the e-Builder business we think is a great thing, because he is a lifelong entrepreneur who plugged into the bigger company at Trimble, and we think he's got the right, the mindset and the network to help companies succeed inside the Trimble platform.
RobPainter: Colin, it's Rob. So we work backwards from the Connect & Scale strategy and the platform strategy. And we think about the bundled offerings and how they can be in service of delivering a greater value proposition to our customers. The primary places where we're seeing the fruits of -- the early fruits of the efforts are in Construction and to a lesser extent in Transportation. And we are measuring that success or we'll measure cross-sell ACV internally, and we'll measure new logos for proof points that we're creating success. And we're listening to our customers. And our customers are telling us that this is how they want to do business with us and that they want to see us connect to many of the point solutions that we have together to provide really workflow productivity. So I'm quite encouraged that we're heading in the right direction here with Connect & Scale, and I'm encouraged that its potential really across a great deal of our portfolio.
RobPainter: So when we look at the Agriculture business and think about the priority investments, our leadership for going on decades now has been in the guidance side of the business. So think of the controls and guidance. We will continue to invest in that business to keep us as the leader in guidance technology. So we're increasing our level of investment there. And think positioning technologies, think about ubiquity of coverage around the world with the positioning or correction services we have, the fast convergence that we can provide to farmers to get that high level accuracy. Think about position under canopy to provide better outcomes for farmers for positioning. So we will continue to invest in the guidance side of the business.  If I move next to the Precision side of the business, I think flow controls variable rate, which we see as the next really growth frontier within the agriculture market. We've been investing in this for a long time. The Mueller acquisition we did a few years ago really brought us forward into this space, and we continue to see attractive opportunities there. And then the 2 other areas I would put would be autonomy. And our autonomy efforts we are developing really in the core part of Trimble that serves construction end markets and agriculture end markets. So we could eliminate redundancy and duplication of efforts by serving multiple markets. So efforts in autonomy are important to us. And by way of example, the HORSCH relationship that was announced as it puts credibility behind the efforts we have there. And then finally, I would look at the software side of the Agriculture business and the bundling. It's more than just a bundling. But if we look at the software capabilities within agriculture, it's really that operational dashboard, an operational management system for a farm, and we believe deeply in the connection of what we're doing in the office and the field, the software to hardware to physical to digital, making it easier for the farmers to buy the software, the services and the hardware together. So there's efforts in that front.
RobPainter: Erik, this is Rob. I'll give you an example on our Civil Construction business. We have an offering we call Trimble Platform-as-a-Service, where you can get a technology assurance by subscribing to the machine control and guidance solution. And when we sell that, that sells with software that comes along with it and actually a richer software offering also can bundle some office software with that. We have examples, and a few they're not needle movers, but some examples in agriculture, where some of the large enterprise farms are buying what we refer to as everything as a service. So we do have examples in the business where -- call them, whether it's a onetime sale or what would look like perpetual can become ratable with it. And it works -- so we believe it works so long as you're providing a compelling value proposition and the root of that compelling value proposition and construction is around technology assurance. So we will continue to push that forward. We've been really in North America in Civil Construction, and that will now start to go out to more of a global model. And then if we look at the software that goes along with the hardware that you were just asking about, we also see opportunities that even for hardware that continues to sell as a onetime sale that those -- that perpetual software that goes along with it, much of that does, we think have an opportunity to go ratable over time. It could be a --
RobPainter: Gal, it's Rob. The bookings growth ahead of ARR growth, actually, I see is very virtuous in the business. And the bookings is, of course, going to precede ARR. So I look at the bookings growth that we're having as proof points that the strategy is working, both the strategy for individual products we have, proof points that the macros are there, the fundamentals are there for the underlying businesses, proof points that the bundling efforts are working. Proof points that we're driving new logo growth. Proof points as well, Gal, I'll give you a specific example.  When we see -- we keep seeing when we have models that transition from perpetual to subscription that we're increasing the size of the addressable market. So our architecture and design business, for example, had yet another quarter of over 50% ARR growth. That's 6 quarters in a row. That doesn't happen unless you are expanding the size of the addressable market. Those growth rates exceed what we had before the model conversion. So that's going to show up in a booking growth before it shows up in ARR, that's exactly how I would want to see this play out in the business. So I'm very encouraged by seeing that dynamic.
RobPainter: The timing of when that bookings growth translates into the ARR. So you connected the dots correctly.
RobPainter: Yes. Good question, Rob. I see 3 things happening in the market. I see the new product introduction. I see channel excellence, and I see positive macros. The team did an outstanding job in the quarter. They've done an outstanding job really over the last couple of years, couldn't be more proud of what this group of colleagues is doing because they are defying the messaging I've had in the past about the nature of growth potential in the market. And I'll follow the numbers that are published, we are outgrowing our competitors and peers in the market in this business. Now we'll eventually lap this and those numbers will get hard.  On the new product introduction side, I'd say a couple of things. Yes, we have been mentioning many of the products that the team and the cadence that they've had here over time. And that does, let's say, create a replacement cycle opportunities. So whether we're talking our X7 Laser Scanner, we've got a new mobile mapping system, there are -- our R2 GNSS system, the TSC5 handheld data collector, these are all driving excellent business. And this business was actually well positioned in context of supply chain constraints because when you have new products coming to market, you're buying components well ahead of that. So that's the new product introduction side.  The second on channel excellence, really kudos to the sales leadership and channel development team who works with our global dealer partners, all of them, I think, are becoming more and more professional in how they run and manage their businesses and how they think about segmenting markets and addressing opportunities. And then finally, the macros. Clearly, macro such as residential and infrastructure are driving very positive benefits for this business. We saw oil and gas do better in the quarter. So in places like Texas, they were buying. I'll say, they were buying again. So we saw some growth in that in the quarter as well. And we look at those macros, Rob, not only for the current sales of the surveying mapping products within Geospatial, but we look at the correlation of how that might connect to the civil construction products that would be downstream of that from a workflow perspective. And so that gives us conviction in and hope of an Infrastructure Bill getting passed that that is a sign, an early sign of potential in our other -- some of our other businesses.
DavidBarnes: Jason, first thing I'd point out is that the significant majority of the impact, both on the cost and pricing side, isn't yet reflected in Q2. Its much more of the impact is in the back half of the year. We have been ratcheting down our discounting from the old prices already for a couple of quarters now. And the way to think about it is that, that ongoing reduction in discounting was sufficient to offset the cost -- most of the cost increases we had in the quarter. For the back half of the year, what's going to happen is that much more of the cost increases we're seeing for our hardware products, some of which, by the way we believe are -- majority of which we believe are temporary in nature and they're related to the dislocation of the overall supply chain. But those are kicking in, in full force now here as we entered the third quarter. We are taking top line price increases across essentially all of our hardware offerings that are impacted by the cost increases. Those kick in gradually with slightly different approaches and timing from business to business. Overall, our outlook is that the top line price increases in the second half will offset most, but not all of the cost increase, but it will be reasonably close for the full year.
DavidBarnes: Chad, it's David. Let me offer a few observations. So as you think about the dynamics in the back half, it's safe to say that the cost impact will hit faster than our price increases. So I said we would offset most, but not all of the cost increase with pricing in the back half. And just the logic of that says gross margins will be under more pressure in Q3 and Q4. Another dynamic impacting the gross margin line is the mix of the business. We saw a pretty big spike up with 47% Hardware growth, which comes in at lower gross margins, and that will abate it a bit. So that -- those are the key drivers on the gross margin line. OpEx is going up for the reasons that Rob mentioned and a few others. In part, we're restoring normalcy to compensation base and bonus compensation. We're really, really unusually low last year, and we're hitting our targets this year. So that accounts for about half of the OpEx increase that we expect. And the remainder is a function of the investments Rob mentioned and other costs that go up as our revenue grows.  We -- margins will be impacted -- have been impacted and will be impacted by the subscription transition. It will be a little more than 150 basis points in the back half of the year. So all of that complicated math gets you to a point where we now think operating margins for the full year will be roughly comparable to 2020. And you might recall, last time we said they would be between '19 and '20. But with the bigger revenue than we anticipated last time we're getting more fixed cost leverage. So hopefully, that points you to most of the items you need.
DavidBarnes: Erik, it's David. You're right. The meaningful majority of our perpetual software is sold together with hardware. So that's been a good news story. We do, by the way, continue to anticipate that hardware revenue will grow just year-on-year, just not as much as it did in the second quarter, and we do anticipate lower sequential revenue in the back half versus the front half. So that will have a direct correlating impact on perpetual software.
DavidBarnes: Gal, it's David. Let me start with a couple of perspectives. Demand was more robust in Q2 than we thought a quarter ago. We also were able to squeeze more out of the supply chain than we thought we would a quarter ago. I'd point you to the comments we made about our hardware backlog. So in a normal year, hardware backlog at the end of Q2 would be about $100 million. That's what we had a year ago. We actually saw it creep up as the supply chain issues began to show themselves in Q1. It was about $200 million. Now we're at $300 million. So the simple way to think about it is that an awful lot of that $300 million or the $200 million increment above a normal level is what customers want that our supply chain isn't letting us get to them. And I'd love to say we're going to get through all of that in the back half of the year. But if you look through the guidance comments, you'll note that we're projecting that we think we'll end the year with backlog somewhere about where it is now. So we're -- our lead times on some products are longer than we or our customers would like, and we're working through it. But it's a interesting situation. We're not unique in facing these challenges. We've worked through it much better than we thought, but it will be -- it will constrain the growth we otherwise could have in the back half.
DavidBarnes: Yes. Rob, it's David. Let me frame this a little bit. If you sort of go through the outlook we gave on gross margins and operating margins, you'll see that we expect for the year operating expense to be up about $130 million plus or minus for the year. About half of that is relating to restoring compensation to a normal level, and we are beating our own benchmarks. So that will improve -- that increases comp in a way that would likely normalize next year. The remainder of it is partly just the normal cost of growth and then about 20% or so of the $130 million is relating to the growth initiatives. I'll probably look to Rob for commentary, but I will say, I think using Rob's word, this is a long game, and we're engaged in a multiyear effort to create and exploit these platforms, the digital transformation where we have underway. The spending by no means will be over, that's not what we're signaling this year. We will be spending against those initiatives next year and thereafter.
