Robert G. Painter: Sure, Jerry. So really I would break into two buckets. The first is on geography and market penetration, and the second is the OEM relationships. From a geography and market penetration perspective, like give you an example of South America or Europe, Russia, where we've been seeing a positive year-over-year movement throughout the course of the year. And that continued and in fact accelerated here in the third quarter. So as markets, I'll use Brazil as an example, are adopting technology at an increasing rate, that is a favorable for us. And on the OEM side, we have a couple new OEM relationships which are continuing to grow and provided positive benefit to us in the quarter. So those are really the two main drivers of the outperformance.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. So that is playing out. Throughout the course of the year, we've have a record amount of backlog specifically in our PeopleNet business, which would be the, let's say, the largest beneficiary from the ELD mandate that's coming. So, yes, that is a favorable macro for us and for the business. And then, we are seeing that play out in our backlog. And as it relates to the SG&A investments in the business, or I guess I'd expand that to say R&D investment as well in the business in order to capitalize on the opportunity, yeah, we feel quite strongly that we've made the incremental investments really over the last 12 months to 18 months to get us to the point now to be able to capitalize on this important market opportunities.
Robert G. Painter: So that's a good question. So let me isolate this from what may or may not happen on the hardware side of the business. But it's to say if agriculture – when agriculture comes back and, let's say, comes back strong, that would naturally impact the hardware revenue growth in the business and have an impact in a relatively way to, let's call it, recurring versus hardware in our portfolio. So if we call – we'll just put that aside for a moment and focus on SaaS. I think of it in three buckets. We have current businesses that are converting to SaaS offerings. We have greenfield development; and then we have our ongoing, I'll call it, organic growth from our existing SaaS businesses. So the organic growth from our existing SaaS businesses, think of that as a PeopleNet. It's been a SaaS model. We'll continue to be a SaaS model when that business continues to grow. Greenfield development, that looks like Trimble Connect that Steve talked about and TripInsight that I mentioned in my script. So new products right out of the gate will come from the SaaS. And then, current businesses that are converting to SaaS, a couple of examples to share with you. One would be in our building construction business. Our Tekla Structures product has a subscription offering in addition to a perpetual license offering. So we offer both to customers. And what we're seeing is that a higher percentage of customers are starting to elect the subscription offering. If we look at our TMW business, some of the core products are moving to SaaS, or ALK, where mapping and routing engine is also undergoing a conversion to SaaS. So if you add that up, I would say we're not quite ready to start putting numbers externally out there for the sum of those pieces. What I would guide you to is that they will be increasing overtime. And, again, leaving hardware out of the picture, I think the kind of growth I talked about on a year-over-year growth what's recurring is consistent with the kind of growth we would expect to see going forward.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So let me start with Mobile Solutions. So, yeah, we would expect to see margin progression as we move forward into the fourth quarter. And, yeah, the dynamics that take us towards that progression really are the same ones we've been talking about through the year is that cumulative subscriber base, customer base growth; and that's the software portion of the revenue stream. That starts to, let's say, outweigh the hardware installs that we've been working our way through throughout the year. Of course, we'll continue new hardware installations on an ongoing basis, but the size of the pie we see it playing out in a favorable way that continues to expand margin as we move into the fourth quarter in Mobile Solutions. And we also do have a couple of large customer contracts that, let's say, will be implemented and fulfilled or were planned to be implemented and fulfilled in the fourth quarter which have very high margins associated with them. So when we put those factors together, that gives us the continued conviction in Mobile to be able to expand our operating margin. If I got to E&C and the expansion of operating margin, there actually is a bit of a mix impact in E&C in the fourth quarter. And that is if you take the three primary franchises, geospatial, civil engineering and construction and building construction, building construction typically has one of its stronger quarters in the fourth quarter, particularly in a couple of the larger divisions within that business. And as that is a highly software-centric business, it does come with associated higher margins. And so, that for us would be a part of – actually really the primary driver of margin progression that we would expect to see in the fourth quarter.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. So the short answer is, yes, we feel the investments we're making in, I would say really R&D in aggregate for the company are in line and sync with the opportunity that we see in the near-term and near, mid, and long-term. And if you breakdown the investment we make in our more hardware-centric businesses versus our software-centric businesses, you could see metrics play out such as a percent of revenue that you put in the software company versus our more hardware-oriented businesses. So it plays out like you would expect. In other words, it's higher in the software businesses. But to turn back to your question, I think, it's important to note a couple of things that I'll highlight. The first is in our geospatial business, which is primarily a hardware business. And so, having product innovation is imperative to rejuvenating the portfolio and getting the business back into growth mode. And so, those product launches that I talked about are a reflection of the investment we've been making in R&D. The second example I'd give you from civil engineering and construction business, which is also predominantly a hardware business. I would look at the performance or the investment we make in our joint venture – actually plural, joint ventures – with Caterpillar, which are quite significant and I think by a good order of magnitude the largest in the industry with respect to investing in machine control technologies.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. So it's a good question and I guess I would say I wish I could provide you some magic insight into the impact of the FAST Act and what it means for our business. As we've said earlier in the year, we viewed that as instilling some confidence in the system that there was going to be investment there, but some of that optimism does seem to have dried up to an extent over the last few months. And I would probably sort of harken back to what Steve said a few minutes ago about let's let this election dust settle and then see where we come out.
Robert G. Painter: Okay. I got you. Well, from an inventory, let's say, load perspective in our dealer channels, I would say we don't see our dealers being long on inventory at the moment. So if we were talking about some of the – let's say, OEMs might talk about their production versus retail demand, and that's really not a dynamic that plays out for us in our business. So in an aggregate sense, we feel good about where the dealers are positioned with their level of inventory now and don't see them as being overly long on inventory.
Robert G. Painter: So our capital allocation approach really remains the same. As we talked about, our cash flow does continue to be strong. And our first priority really is in continuing to invest in our business, whether that's organic, let's say, primarily organic investment in the business; and in addition, M&A activity. So as you noted and as you've seen, the acquisition activity has been light this year, but I would say we expect to see some more activity there in the not too distant future. So we balance that investment, whether that's organic or inorganic, along with the opportunity to do opportunistic share repurchases. And really if I look at our CapEx level in Trimble, it's generally quite light. So that's usually not a huge factor for us in the capital allocation equation. And to your last point about if we were to see, let's say, the economy, let's say, I guess take a turn for the worse and I think given, like you said, our leverage ratio, we think we're in quite a nice position to weather a storm if there was one to come.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So, yeah, I mostly talked about geographic – I am going to talk about geographic growth and growth with OEMs in the business. Really, a third one that I should have talked about earlier would be in the area of those new product offerings; and what I'm getting at there is the software portion of the ag business. So if you think about maybe in a simpler ag level sense, we create the digital prescription for the farm and we do that on our AGRI-DATA platform, so with our software. And then that goes to the physical – out in the field, right, to the tractor to be implemented. That's the strategy laid out is to create that prescription, and then get it to the equipment in the field and then you'll be able to create a feedback, which then enables ongoing analytics. The software business is continuing to, let's say, perform to our expectations. Those expectations will only get bigger overtime. And we're encouraged with what we're seeing in that business so far. And as Steve mentioned, bringing all our software entities in agriculture into one team under one leader, we think, creates the organizational context in order to execute upon the strategy.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So in terms of order of magnitude and what I was referring to in guidance with discrete number of contracts, thinking in terms of low millions, low single-digit millions of dollar. And so, that's kind of the order of magnitude we're talking about. And then, to put further I guess color on that, our offerings in Mobile Solutions cover fleets, enterprises, mobility applications, and the deals I'm referring to are in our enterprise side. So in other words it's really quite centric to our TMW business doing the – think of it as the ERP for the transportation company. And those can be larger deals with larger implementation cycles, and those implementations would come due here in the quarter so that we could be able to recognize that revenue. You need the customer sign off in order to do that, and getting that is a part of the guidance that we've provided. So that answers the first part of your question. The second part related to we move into next year and what ELD will mean to the business and what it could mean to the hardware margins. It's a good question. From a modeling perspective, yes, of course there is a dynamic of the amount of hardware demand that we see and what that will do to the margins in the business. And one of the things that we've – there's, well call it, a put and a take of the ELD mandate. The very favorable thing, the advantage here is that it's providing tailwinds to our business. In reality, yes, is also providing tailwind to newer entrants and to the market. So that hardware space of the business is a competitive space and would naturally then provide some, let's say, at least challenge to the hardware margins or at least throttles your ability to, let's say, price on the hardware. So we are conscious of how that will play out during the year and I think ultimately see what the demand is for which level of product we have, because we have solutions that are actually quite simple, that would be on the simple side, which would be cheaper. And then, we have really the higher end, let's call it, the fully capable, most capable solution steps that are in the higher end of the spectrum. So there is a mix within the offering that we have that will guide where the margins go. So we don't know exactly, of course, how that's going to play out yet, but we know the dynamics and the levers available.
Robert G. Painter: So, fundamentally, it's about interoperability of data. We talked about creating the prescription for the farmer with our ag software and the ability to get that out to the field and to the equipment. That could be equipment that's operating Trimble technology on it, or it could be equipment that has John Deere equipment on it. And whether it's a farmer or a construction company, mix fleets are a reality in the marketplace. So having that we think is an important relationship to have them.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah, let me answer the Manhattan question or address the Manhattan question. I'll try and do a fast version as we're kind of – I think we're over time. So to put our areas of emphasis in Manhattan in the context, I think one has to understand the underlying business model and there is a few product lines in Manhattan Software, the biggest two of which are Integrated Workplace Management Solutions, as well as space management. And when we sell that Integrated Workplace Management Solutions, it's called IWMS, and we're selling a solution that's got a seven-figure price tag typically and it has a long implementation cycle. That's typically weighted towards implementation by around professional services, resources. And so, when we put that context into a public company GAAP accounting, we and myself included underestimated the impact of that and that has us accordingly focused on three topics. The first of which is operational improvements. So move clients to a world-class hosting facility and we are increasing the utilization of our professional services, resources. And one of the way we'll increase the utilization of these resources is by increasing the product configurability versus the customization of the solution. So the more it's configurable, then the faster you can recognize revenue and the easier it is to engage within that work of implementation partners. The balancing act though is that we have some of the biggest logos in the world as customers and they've got demanding requirements. The second is completing a couple of discrete large implementations. But, again, those provide us with great logos and they've also been long-standing engagements to complete. So the faster we can get through this implementations, then that's the quarter we can get to our existing backlog. And then the third area is that of managing the business model. We've got to continue to build the backlog. We are continuing to the build backlog. And the business of backlog we think is healthy in the business, so that we can continue to have a business that grows overtime. The second is in the area of cost reduction, and we have made cost reductions in that business so that we can operate within the framework of what our short-term reality is in. And then we also looked at complementary metrics for the business. So whether that's cash flow, billings, deferred revenues, so that we take a full scope view of the business. And to your question about how much of that is UK impacted. There either would be a minor impact, but I wouldn't call it a fundamental impact as that business is a global business.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, we remain largely a book and burn business. So any optimism we may have would not be in the form of kind of backlog.
Steven W. Berglund: Possible exception maybe being Mobile Solutions. So they may be in a better position to judge 2017 simply because they may have more metrics to look at. I would say is that, if you look at tone, the tone of this call is somewhat more cautious than the tone of the last call simply because I think we're seeing just more uncertainty in the U.S. And I chalk it up to, at least for the moment, as being kind of election uncertainty in terms of it's not clear kind of what policies will be in effect in a few months, or necessarily kind of what the likelihood for infrastructure spend is going to be. Now, if you look at what's being said is everybody is bullish on infrastructure spend. And the question is going to be whether there is a political ability to actually transform that into real spending. So I think on the one hand, given the semantics of the moment, I guess I would be optimistic is that the one thing where there seems to be bipartisan agreement is to spend more money on the infrastructure, which of course will benefit us. And so, I would say on that level, yeah, I would be optimistic. But, again, I think given the signs that we're seeing in the market, which is on a relative uncertainty compared to three months ago, I think our posture is to wait and see and get some real facts and probably talk more about what we see in three months. But for the moment, particularly in geospatial and I think that the other participants in our industry are kind of reflecting the same tone, it's just there is an awful lot of uncertainty at this point in time and I think we need to wait for that to dissipate before we have something concrete to say.
Steven W. Berglund: And, Eli, probably the other point of distinction here is, there are really two different sorts of relationships available here. One on the agriculture, which is obviously pretty limited just because the stance there is mostly competitive. On the construction side, there is a much wider opportunity for collaboration there.
Steven W. Berglund: Given that we have two joint ventures with Caterpillar, I would prefer to say absolutely nothing and they would probably – it's a joint message to put out there.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, let me maybe tackle the first and let Rob handle the second, which is again there's the scenario for every – yeah, there are any number of scenarios we could create for kind of what's going to happen with the world. Does Brexit somehow freeze up Europe, and all of this? And does Brazil in particular carried through with kind of a reform minded regimen and all of that. So there is lot of uncertainty out there. I would basically say that if you look at Russia, if you look at Australia, if you look at Brazil, if you look at a lot of these economies that we're pointing to as recovering, and I guess I would throw Spain, Iceland, Ireland into that category as well, basically these are bouncing off of a very rough foundation. Some of this goes back to kind of 2009. So, I would say, we've been through the kind of I guess, I could characterize it as a cyclical downturn. We hit bottom, we hit bottom pretty hard particularly in places like, well, any of those in fact. And so, I think these recoveries are not exactly rocket shifts at this point in time, I think they're comparatively modest recoveries that are founded in fundamentals and not necessarily speculative bubbles or anything else. So I would say is, yeah, with the conditionality that there are lot of moving parts out there at this point in time and a lot of things could happen to the downside, I would say is, I would look at these pretty favorably as being potentially lasting for years and pretty sustainable. So I would say is, the central questions at this point in time are U.S. simply because we've seen this uncertainty kind of come into the markets that really wasn't there three months or six months ago, and kind of the UK, specifically around Brexit. And frankly, the UK early part of the year was very strong. And then it was really the second quarters and third quarters where we saw kind of a screeching halt. So that's leaves us to believe that was very much Brexit directly or indirectly centered. I'll let Rob take a try in the Manhattan question.
