Steve Berglund: Yes, so I think that I’m a little reluctant to kind of be fully explicit here just because some of this is underway and will be affecting individuals. But I think if you compared the list of businesses I named today versus the list from a year ago, you’re going to find some things that were there a year ago that are missing in today’s list, such as mining, oil and gas, environmental, public safety. So I would say is they are not large businesses. They were consuming mind share and they were consuming some level of resources. And I think the determination was that we simply could not get the sufficient scale to really have them be significant factors within the next two or three years. Many of them are attractive businesses but just not appropriate at this point in time. And then again, in terms of the financial impacts, will be relatively minor, talked in the script in terms of a kind of 1% of revenue sort of effect. But enough was being invested in them that we can probably beneficially impact operating margins on a run rate basis by about a point a year. So that would -
Steve Berglund: Yes, I think that is generally the right perspective to take. I think there are some elements of hardware that will be commoditized. I think there will be, particularly with some of the changes in regulation, kind of draw new players with significant scale into some elements of the hardware. So I think that it will have a tendency to commoditize some of - let’s call it more telematics oriented hardware and is simply not going to be attractive to be a hardware provider there. I think our core strength is seeing the big picture. And I think that we would see ourselves fundamentally as an integrator and that we should be appropriately selective in terms of which realms of hardware we should participate in, just making sure that we’re picking hardware niches where we can create a unique value proposition.
Steve Berglund: Yes. So again, I think that what the fourth quarter and what we’re expecting in 2016, I think, is consistent with our multiple year theme which is, okay, we are exposed to but we are not simply victims of the OEM equipment cycle is that we are selling technology which provides cost benefits and improved yields. It provides benefits as opposed to simply providing capacity. So I think that there has always been what’s called a bifurcation between the equipment market and what we’re doing. Yes, so it’s always easier to sell a piece of technology onto new piece of equipment. So a strong equipment market is good news for us. But I think that the market for the last two years really has been so bad, it’s frozen a lot of decision making among farmers. Now, I don’t want to be too aggressive too early in terms of what I say. But I think in the fourth quarter, what we saw was, first of all, a revival or what may be a revival in the aftermarket for what’s called technology upgrades onto existing equipments. So again, we’re not totally dependent on new equipment sales. We can sell into the existing install base. There are still regions that are really quite lively at this point in time. Europe and parts of Asia being examples where the doom and gloom that’s happened in the North America isn’t quite as pervasive there. And then I would say is new products or new product categories coming into play kind of create new market opportunities for us. So again, I think that the fourth quarter provided some evidence, maybe not conclusive evidence but some evidence that what we’ve been saying about 2016 is founded on a fairly rationale argument.
Steve Berglund: It is still a drag on the company. But fourth quarter 2015 was better than the fourth quarter 2014. So we are showing progression and we expect that during the course of 2016 that we will continue to show progression. So I think the fundamentals are still, from an operating standpoint, are still there. We’re still able to go out and attract new business. But what we’ve got here is a kind of an accounting challenge in terms of being able to move revenue from deferred revenue into revenues at being at the key. But Manhattan is still kind of consistent with the strategic intentions that we had at the time of the acquisition.
Steve Berglund: Yes. So I think that, first of all, the highway bill I think for the industry provides a lot of certainty. It did not necessarily provide kind of new levels of spending, but it does provide certainty. And I think that we’re already seeing signs that contractors were engaged in highway constructor or supporting highway construction are more open to making longer term investments because they see the certainty of money flow as contrasted to prior to the passage. It was hand to mouth, month to month sort of thing and therefore, made it difficult to make long term commitments. So I think as the year goes on, what we’re going to find is that contractors beginning to gear up to take advantage of the more certain flow. And again, it’s a difficult business, it’s competitive. Margins are thin. Return on assets are difficult. And so the only way to really influence those in a big way is through technology. So I think that not visible on fourth quarter, certainly probably not going to be visible in the first quarter, maybe evens second quarter. But as we get into the latter part of 2016, we expect to see some lift in the U.S. spending in construction which will beneficially impact us. I want to be a little shy about identifying the actual impact quantitatively at this point in time until we see a little bit more.
Steve Berglund: I suppose the somewhat fastidious would be that we’ve been looking at recession for outside the U.S. for much of the last year or two and nothing has really changed all that much. So I think that Australia is really into probably its third year of what we would consider to be a recession. And Russia certainly is probably getting into its third year of what we would consider recession. So we’ve been dealing with difficult circumstances for some period of time. And I think the two new pieces of data really in the last three months are China, but our fundamental view on China really hasn’t changed which is there’s volatility and there’s a major difficulty in getting people to make decisions on projects at this point in time partly because they’re looking at the volatility in the financial markets and waiting to see what happens out of that. And then secondly, without getting to geopolitical here, the relative emphasis on kind of decision making in the Chinese governments, the emphasis on anti-corruption really I think has slowed down decision making in the government as well as the uncertainty of feeding into the government. So China at the moment is a difficult market. But whether it be six months or nine months or 12 months when this starts to pass and whether it is a 3%, 5% or 7% growth country, it is still a significant market for us. And I think represents in the kind of over the next three years, still a significant growth opportunity for us. Now, the other piece of news at least from our perspective is Europe which in our view is actually getting more hopeful as opposed to less hopeful in terms of individual countries like U.K. U.K. and France showed very strong growth for us. Germany with some transactional confusion in the middle but was actually quite good. But we’re starting to see signs of life in places like Italy and Spain which have really been dormant really since 2008. So I think Europe is a question mark, it’s under a lot of pressure. But I think the macros in Europe to us are looking actually better than they have for some period of time. Otherwise, I think the environment is largely unchanged for us and something that we’ve been baking into our estimates now for a number of quarters.
Steve Berglund: Okay. Yes. So I think in terms of kind of the ROI argument around the world, I think actually I like that question because I think it does, it’s relevant for us, maybe not in the same way everywhere in the world. But for example, in Brazil, which right now seems to be kind of in free fall. But I was in Brazil a few months ago and I think there is implicit opportunity for a company like Trimble because if you look at what’s happening in construction, the first year contractors that the large and not large by a little bit, but larger by orders of magnitude have been pretty much shoved aside because of the corruption scandals. And there is a second tier of smaller, younger, more energetic contractors that are attempting to fill the space. And those set of players are very, very focused on technology. So I think there is an inherent opportunity there when things do get a little clearer, a little bit more stabilized albeit at a lower level. The other consideration is that with the shocks that producers and Brazil have received among others, what’s called the mega farms in Brazil, they have an absolutely urgent need to reduce their cost structure to really be transformative in terms of their cost. And they’re looking for technology to be the transforming element on their cost structure. So I think in the middle of this adversity in Brazil, there is a real opportunity for a company like Trimble. Australia which is already an awfully well-developed market has always been an early adapter of technology. I think the similarity up there might be a bit different which is I think there we got to be looking for signs of economic recovery really to see anything developed. And Russia, again, I think there is a geopolitical element there as well but I would turn that kind of in the same case as Brazil. If they’re going to stay competitive on the world stage and many ways, they’re going to have to adapt technology aggressively to keep the edge. So I think the scenario varies around the world, but in the midst of this adversity, there are opportunities for Trimble to operate in these countries effectively. Second one. Operating margin expansion. So I think really, we’ve been talking for a couple of quarters about operating margins which have been probably on a 12-month rolling basis, hovering somewhere around 17% or so, we do view ourselves fundamentally as a 20% or better non-GAAP operating margin company. And with the gross margins that we have up in the neighborhood of 56%, 57% structurally, we should be a 20% plus company. The impact of ag falling as a percentage of sale as well as agricultural operating margins falling kind of from the 40s to the 30s has taken a whack out of us here in the last 12 to 18 months. But I think that our objective for 2016 is to demonstrate as we go through the year that we are a 20-plus percent operating margin company and really provide evidence of that. So I mean the factors that enable us to do that are, yes, some straight up cost reduction we have taken and are continuing to take steps there. Some of it is this pruning of what’s called marginal product lines, marginal businesses that will have a little bit of domino effect but will have a disproportionate effect on operating margins. And then finally, it’s kind of a recovery of some of these businesses and I would point specifically at Manhattan Software which has the ability to kind of recover the better part of a point there. So I think that as these things roll out during 2016, we should provide the evidence that we’re a 20% operating margin company or having a neighborhood of a 20% operating margin company and enable a conversation in terms of how we move beyond that.
Steve Berglund: Yes. I referred to two considerations. One was OEM which could be read as code for PACCAR just as they move from fourth quarter out. So not very far out, but far enough out to kind of disrupt the fourth and first quarter. And then there were simply in terms of a couple of announced products that we announced in the fourth quarter, we didn’t get to rollout particularly advanced in the fourth quarter so those have fallen into 2016 and just kind of moved things out a couple of months. And so kind of both fourth quarter and first quarter affected by both those.
Steve Berglund: Yes. I mean I think that just looking at the fourth quarters for example which we surprised ourselves to the upside in the fourth quarter. So they moved to the upside or beyond the upside of the guidance was in agriculture and that was largely an aftermarket phenomenon. So what we actually saw in the fourth quarter - and again, I don’t want to be too aggressive here in terms of the vocabulary I’m sing, but certainly we are seeing signs that sure look like there is a technology upgrade cycle in the aftermarket taking place. And that promotions that we ran which really have not been effective for a year and a half were effective in the fourth quarter and we’re expecting those to be effective in the first quarter as well. So I think the aftermarket is looking more lively than it has been. We’ve got singles from the OEMs in the first quarter but we’ve discounted those so we are being, let’s call it, sober relative to our expectations of what we can expect from the OEMs. But it’s really the aftermarket. It’s really the fact that some of these new product categories that we’ve already released that we anticipate releasing during the course of the year that are getting some traction. And then again, back to some geographies are very widely in agriculture are not being hit by it. They’re still on the upswing in spite of commodity prices. So those three things integrated made me to believe that we can put differentiated performance to the OEMS during 2016.
Steve Berglund: Yes, yes. I mean I think it’s smaller number of growing at a reasonably strong rate so it’s not moving the needle for us as a company at this point in time. But I think that the answer would be yes, but I think guidance kind of there have been generations of guidance and so a farmer with an old tractor with old guidance on it, there is the ability to go out and basically sell an upgraded feature set and sell it on to a five year old tractor. It is possible to do that and that seems to be happening maybe at a higher extent that we’ve seen for some period of time.
Steve Berglund: And maybe Rob can pick up some of the load here on the restructuring. As far as vantage is concerned, it’s the idea here and we put out a press release fairy recently and talked in terms of kind of expectations of the number of those. And it was over 100 vantage dealers is what we’re targeting. And I think it’s very much the same theme as those that we’ve already played out particularly with these high techs is that third party channel is still a very effective channel for accessing the market is if a farmer or a contractor has a problem at 3 o’clock in the afternoon relative to PC equipment, there’s no alternative really to having a local dealer that will come out and replace or fix the problem there locally. So we still have a very strong orientation towards third party distribution for some of these markets. But the traditional distribution which has been hardware-centric has been challenged by new generations of software kind of the expectation of being able to integrate hardware and software. So in effect, it’s what we’re selecting out of a number of hundreds of dealers in agriculture at this point in time but selecting a subset of those that are willing to invest and kind of step up to being able to kind of provide the integrated kind of higher brain functions sorts of capabilities that kind of more consultative approach to the farmer requires in terms of kind of more information based. So that’s what we’re intending to do. I think that if you look at the marketplace, nobody has perfected or nobody has come close to perfecting the right distribution channel to accomplish that. And I think that we have the expectations that maybe we can lead the way in terms of kind of getting, for the relatively small medium size farmers, a third party channel. And then for the large corporate farmers that’s got a more direct sort of approach augmented by the five dealer channel. So that’s what we’re attempting to do. I don’t if I was necessarily on point to your question, but that was an attempt anyway.
Steve Berglund: Yes, yes. So I mean I think that it’s always been part of the culture and I think given an ability to kind of naturally rely on revenue growth as much as we did, I think that there is a view that we will be perpetually restructuring. So some of these things are relatively long-term. So reducing the number of legal entities but dramatically lots of complications of doing that, that will be a multiyear effort. So I think the culture and the mentality is, yes, continue restructuring and not necessarily in big public press release mode, but basically continually working to leverage our cost base and get what must be organizational productivity improvements.
Steve Berglund: I think basically what I would prefer to do is talk about revenue in relationship to cost. So if revenues go up, okay, costs are likely to go up. But to talk about the relationship as opposed to talking about them as two independent elements. So I think that our fundamental vocabulary I think will be around operating margins and that’s the forcing function more so than talking about kind of discrete cost reductions or cost movements, but I would like to keep the vocabulary centered around operating margins and kind of explain the variables associated with them.
Steve Berglund: Yes. So I think the - I don’t want to pre-announce any products that have not been announced. But kind of pointing at just one product and then one product category where we’re ultimately had kind of a business. But one product category where they were released during 2015 that are providing some additional sales momentum were kind of new displays, what the farmers are actually looking at in the cab with the tractor and, okay, information is central, information is king. They’re king or queen these days. And so I think the display is actually a central part of the tractor. And we came out with new displays that have attracted some new revenue. And I think that even though we’ve been talking about it, it’s still a relatively new category. The startup and the learning process have been a bit longer than we expected, but I will say a new product category that has the ability to add a step function of revenue. Maybe not a large step function in the beginning but a substantial step function in the longer term would be irrigation, the ability to control individual nozzle heads on an irrigation boom for example. And that has again turned out to be a slower development or longer development cycle in terms of testing one unit for a farmer that may need 30 systems. And so we may spend one season actually testing one or two systems on that farm with the expectation that we may get another 30 next season. And so I think that that things like that have the potential for moving the needle in their own right. Now, the AGRI-TREND acquisition we made in the fourth quarter is significant because we’ve been talking about the information-centric farm and the fact that farming will go through a transformation in the next 5 to 10 years that will be the use of information to make decisions on the farm. Some of it real time, for example, how much fertilizer should I drop on the next section of field based on a set of analytics. And part of it is, okay, what should I plant and what’s my strategy for maintaining the field while its growing? But ultimately the farmer where it’s kind of a bit category to extent for the first category, the farmer’s looking to an advisor of some sort and they take different forms around the country and around the world. And AGRI-TREND really gets us into that ecosystem and have a scale that we did not have before in terms of it’s the experts supporting those advisors is what they do. And so I think that again, financial results here in the next 12 months are not going to be huge from AGRI-TREND but it really positions us well to play a leading role in kind of this information transformation. So I would expect second and third year results from that to be potential needle mover for agriculture.
Steve Berglund: Yes. Actually, I think it’s in some ways at different levels of intensity across the company. It’s really impacting most of the businesses within the company. And I think that some of this is conscious thought on our part. Some of it is just the demands of the market pulling us along with it. So I think that particularly if we declare ourselves to be on a transformative sort of mission, transform construction, take out 25% to 30% of project cost in construction by transforming the way work is done on the construction site, a similar sort of ambition in agriculture and in reality a similar sort of vision in transportational logistics, maybe with a little bit more help from the regulatory environment and transportational logistics. But really, for example, in construction, they get 25% to 30% reductions and project cost, it’s more than just a series of point solutions. It’s really a holistic approach. And therefore what you need is the integrated software to pull it all together. So that is kind of what’s driving the overall things for the company.
