Steven W. Berglund: As I said in the scripted remarks as we expect to be profitable by year-end, so I will let Raj make the comment on secularities in the particular quarter, but again, I think that we have a plan to be profitable in the segment by the end of the year and I think that we have, what I would consider to be a credible view on double digit operating margins in the medium terms, let’s call within the next 12 to 18 months.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, so, in Europe we saw a very strong growth in agriculture, you know, better than the (inaudible) that you saw 30% so very high growth in Agriculture in Europe. Our E&C business also grew at pretty strong double digits in lot of countries like Germany, France and we saw strong double digit growth and there is a bit of an acquisition impact there too, we did announce a couple of acquisitions in Europe as well. So, a strong double digit growth I would say, you know, we saw 44% growth, I would say somewhere in the 25% to 30% growth organic in the rest was acquisitions.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, I think, well, I think to the recent crash is maybe, got the interest of the international press. But, I think if you look at what’s been happening inside China for the last three to six months anyway, there has been, let’s call a bit of a retreat on the relative confidence that Chinese have had in the rail system. So, I think this simply made it more evident to a worldwide audience. But, I think in reality, things have been going on in China that have not been really noticed by outsiders for the last three to six months. So, I don’t know that the event of the last week or so is actually going to really change anything all that much. But, I think this has been really a six month sort of phenomenon in China and significant personnel changes and significant Nuance within the ministry of rail. So, yeah, this might intensify but I think that is, this is just a continuation of the series of issues in ministry of rail in China.Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Great, thanks for that Steve.
Steven W. Berglund: Okay. Let me start generally and maybe Raj can add better intelligence. So, I think that, in terms of internal organic growth I think, we thought overdoing it here, yes we did better than we expected at the beginning of the quarter and that left was basically better prospects from within the company. So, I think that contrasting it is to general views on the economy at this point in time is, what we did see was, let’s call a more confident environment within the company relative to our internal growth prospects, most heavily cross E&C and certainly field solutions. So, I think that at this moment in time the organization feels better about the growth prospects going into the second half of the year, then it really has in a few years. Now the economy may come back and buy us on that in the second half, but right now this organization is actually talking more aggressively about internal organic growth and it has for sometime. Now some of that is actually, not just the market and maybe the markets are performing little bit better, but some of this actually relates to strategy. The strategy verticalization, which we are pursuing across the company, not just in mobile solutions, I think it’s beginning to have some effects. So, for example, in railroads for example which is, right now being reported in the E&C segment, we have created the business in and around railroads, now there maybe multiple as than more than 5, Trimble division selling to railroads at any point in time. And this is more than just China, this is around the world, but what we have organized as a business unit around railroads, we have organized one around electrical utilities and one around waste. And so, what we are doing is we’re getting better access, better insight and hopefully better penetration into some of these industries, when we have in the past, so during the trade of economic slowdown, we had to go slower on this, because at some point, because of the realities of cost control but with a somewhat that more robust environment we’re now pursuing these more aggressively and I think we’re actually beginning to see the impact of that simply better focus and more attentions some of these markets I think are adding some to the growth. The growth rates at this point in time, so I think that, yes the markets maybe somewhat better then there were, but I think some of this was actually strategy playing out and actually, where we’re actually able to more forcefully act then we were a year or two or three ago. Relative to the debt in terms of general aspirations I think that we’ve announced number of deals this year, OmniSTAR, Tekla, PeopleNet and others. And I think that our primary focus at this point is to continue with the first priority of investing in the business and then secondly if we do have excess cash, I think we’ve shown the willingness and desire to return that to the shareholders through stock buybacks, we would not intent to cumulate the stock. But I don’t think it’s an automatic proposition that we’re de-leveraging story at least not yet, that maybe – that may happen but right now I think that we’re looking to take advantage of the opportunities out there in the business as the first priority.
Steven W. Berglund: Okay. Well in terms of market share, I think it’s – market share would require I think a long dissertation because as you pointed out that the market is so fragmented. So I think we need to really dissect it kind of vertical market by vertical market. I think that they are on many applications, that have a black box on a vehicle. But we are attempting to move away from that. So I think it really comes down to individual market segment by market segment is the only way to talk about it. Now characterizing the competitive situation in general, I think let’s call it falls into three, maybe four different categories here in general. I mean, again, I’m generalizing too much here, but I think, there is (Qualcomm) and their upcoming tracks operation which represents, call it the big revenue base up there. And then, I think – then Trimble fits into let’s call it a second category here where revenue in the general space is measured in the hundreds of millions, and okay. There are few – if maybe any others in that category then there are a number of probably companies that are doing $40 million to $60 million, to $70 million a year in the space. And then, the other category is garage shops where a number of individuals are working out are working on and perhaps literally a garage somewhere writing code. Now, I think that what we have found and what we are continually finding is that the competitive round falls out in terms of who is most credible in a five year context, what company, what competitor has got, a good solution to-date, but what competitors really going to be there in five years. And, in kind of the old IBM mantra of nobody gets fired for picking up IBM. So, I think that plays to our benefit in the long-term, because we’re accompanying with balance sheet. We’re a company with credibility. We are a company with brand. And I think we can leverage that particularly when we move beyond kind of the trick, track and trace, dot on a map, level of functionality and you start to integrate more closely with the enterprise. So, I’m going to dodge the question on market share, just because I think that it’s too complicated, but I think the competitor dynamics at this point in time, given the competitive field are looking pretty good for us over the next few years.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, I think, well, I think it’s both, I think that, as I identified, I think some of this is just managing the portfolio. Most of the elements are mobile solutions portfolio are actually profitable, or if they’re not technically profitable at this point in time, how it have fundamental structure of profitability. The gross margins are at the right place. The cost structure is at the right place, or they maybe suffering, you know, kind of short-term issues, but we have a high degree confidence by making them profitable. We got a couple of the issues in the portfolio where we have to take action, one is what I called is large space, which is enterprise level, customers which is tended to be a bit too close to track and trace, sort of capability dot on the map functionality and so the value stream is rich enough so I think we’re focusing on that and getting the monthly ARPU up on that and the others kind of the, at road historical legacy of, what’s called bit kind of horizontal applications and I think there it’s, yeah, both the growth factor, but I think we also have to look into the cost, cost rationalization in terms of what is the cost per acquisition, what is the cost of maintaining a customer in that. So, I think it’s a little bit of both, Andy.
Steven W. Berglund: No, lot of it was organic, you know, we had anticipated in most of our acquisitions, because our big acquisitions Tekla is in Q3.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, are you talking about the beat or versus what do you mean, yeah our expectations on the organic side led us to the beat the number significantly.
Steven W. Berglund: We are excluding that gain from our numbers but $0.60 does not include the gain, we had a gain because we hedged, we put a forward contract on the Tekla acquisition price, and there was a gain on that forward contract, we are excluding that when we calculate our non-GAAP EPS. Yeah, but if you include that our non-GAAP EPS would be $0.64 to $0.65.
Steven W. Berglund: That’s because we used the Tekla acquisition in Q3 that grows, you know a acquisition of $440 million and that comes with goodwill and intangibles. So, the major reason we stepped up from Q2 to Q3 on intangibles is because of the Tekla acquisition.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, you know I think you again missed the part of the call, I talked about how we cannot recognize, we have to write off there deferred revenue when we buy then, so right now we are forecasting $19 million of revenue and if we had recognized $5 million of that deferred maintenance revenue which is 100% margin, we would be at a $24 million to $25 million run rate times four that’s $100 million.
Steven W. Berglund: No, I mean aside from what we call traditional seasonality, there is nothing order unique going on at this point in time, I think there is just a sense that, you know, things are returning to what I call a more normal pattern for the first time really since the end of the third quarter 2008.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah, we are expecting to see the same kind of seasonality as always there, I think the second quarter looked the strong as it did simply because of secular growth, I don’t think they really seasonal effects that explained that, so I think we’re just seeing strong secular growth there.
Steven W. Berglund: Okay. So, first of all relative to SITECH, so we are expecting when that settles, when it does settles is that there will be roughly plus or minus a little bit a 100 SITECH around the world. We expect to be substantially complete with that build up by the end of this calendar year. So, in the next six months we should be, you know, close to that number we won’t necessarily be at that number but we should be close to that number by the end of the year. Right, at this point in time, we are over half done, let’s say, literally dozens of being relatively close to completion, so it’s typically and this adds a little bit of last minute suspense that seems straight things out. So, we are over half done, we expect to substantially completed by year-end, it’s hard that, it’s hard unless it’s a Greenfield sort of territories, it’s hard to pull out exactly what is relating to SITECH activity and what’s not, but I think that when we first established the concept we were talking about a 2-3 plus points to the company, points from the SITECH based on what we can see at this point in time, that’s probably pretty consistent with where we being to end up. So, we are seeing a net effect, can’t necessarily quantify with precision simply because a lot of this is anecdote. So, we are certainly getting all the stuff better, better insight as to what the market is doing because of the association of the SITECH. We are I think getting the benefit of having one brand that stands for technology in the distribution channel over the worldwide basis. So, we are actually in some cases when it comes to accessories, branding accessories SITECH and creating a bit of a brand there, so I think we are starting to see the signs of leverage. It is still early days but I think we get – we think the full effect starting next year kind of by definition once we are fully build out. So, I think early the signs are encouraging, we are definitely getting a revenue lift from it and I think we are building what’s called more brand equity in the marketplace simply by being able to support one distribution brand worldwide. So, next year well, I think be the true test.
Rajat Bahri: Yeah, in particular to this quarter, you know, even take a little bit more time to have profitability to come, if you look at deferred revenue it’s drawing, part of it is we have some enterprise deals that we announced in mobile solutions and we have driven – we are delivering a lot of increased functionality as part of the deal and although we’re shipping stuff, we cannot recognize revenue because we haven’t delivered all the functionality that we need to deliver and that all that delivered by Q4 and that will enable us to recognize the revenue ongoing on new subscriptions and also do a little bit of a catch up. So, to be honest, it maybe frustrating but we didn’t see the progress but I believe is that, you know, we will be up profitable in this segment by Q4.Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company: Got it. Just one last one of Europe, that looked to be particularly strong there. I just wanted to see, what was the source of that growth and maybe what that look like on an organic basis? Thanks.
Rajat Bahri: Yes, so, both our E&C segment and field solutions both expanded margins versus prior year. And obviously this has been part of our strategy and we’ve talked about you know, the company has increasingly focused on software type of products and subscription type of products and you know, that strategy continues to be a big part of our strategy going forward. So, yes, I mean, I think you know, we should look at you know, over 12 months rolling average expansion in gross margins as we move forward.
Rajat Bahri: Jonathan just to get into your specific quarters, if you look at our Q2, we dropped 25% of the incremental revenue to the bottom line. So our margin is expanded because of that. It is expanded 120 basis points of margins in Q2. Now looking at Q3 just to get specific around that in our guidance includes Tekla revenue and we said without Tekla our Q3 revenue would be up in the 22% to 23% range and Tekla adds more revenue on top hill, excluding Tekla that revenue range would have been in the $387 to $392 million range which is you know around 22% growth rate this prior year and again we expect to drop 25% on that incremental revenue to the bottom line. Now the Tekla acquisition is adding revenue but at this time it is not adding profit because we had to write on top all the maintenance revenue, they pick up maintenance revenue in the beginning of the year and then they amortize during their full year, but the US gap will say that you pick up an acquisition you write that off. So, we are not picking up $5 million of revenue in profit in our numbers in Q3 and Q4 that will come back to us in Q1, so you just need to get into excluding Tekla, we are delivering our basic model delivering our basic module and Tekla took over the deferred revenue haircut, we are not picking up any profitability for the first two quarters. But next quarter – Q1 we’ll get you know, great margin in Tekla because that revenue, the maintenance revenue, the contracts get renewed every year and we’ll start picking up that extra revenues starting in Q1 of next year. So, in other words, the guidance of $0.48 to $0.50 that includes a dilution that Tekla is providing our base businesses a couple of pennies higher than that.
Rajat Bahri: No, I think China is actually – well, China tends to be unique in this regard because it ramps so hot and now they’re – it’s cooling fast, it’s a change in, if you will contrast from today versus a couple of years ago. But I think general, we got to discount large parts of the Middle East at this point in time for obvious reasons. But, I think, India is still a small market for us, but we’re getting good traction in India. We’re seeing potentially very strong growth over the next five years in India. That’s mostly E&C we’re – given scale of Indian agriculture, it is not yet a market that we’re willing to put on the effort, we’re trying to figure that one out in terms of what technology can we bring to Indian agriculture at its current scale and we got some ideas, but it’s not officially on the list of emerging markets for us now. I think, Africa is turning out to be a major opportunity for us, not the easiest market to access, but there’s a lot of development going on in Africa. And I think, we’re dealing Africa as a legitimate growth market in its own right and I’m kind of talking (inaudible) sort of thing. So, I think the Africa is, if anything picking at this point in time and then I think through the parts, let’s call stable parts of the Mid East, yeah, maybe Dubai is not the market it was a few years ago, but at the same time that Middle East is strong market. South America, I think is a market both Brazil, Chile, sometimes Argentina are all markets where we see significant growth and we’ve increased our physical presence in Brazil to pursue that growth. So, I think in general, the emerging markets are not sharing kind of this floor view of China, which I think special circumstances. So we’re actually quite positive about the prospects in the emerging markets.
Rajat Bahri: Yeah, so I’m trying to dig it up Jeff, as we speak. It’s from memory North America was up around 40%, Europe was up around 43%, Asia-Pacific was up around 9% and rest of the world was up in the 46%, 47%.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: I come on a little late, forgive me, if I’m repeating something. But, first, I’d like to, just make sure I understand the quarter, which is the guidance that we got a while ago. Your revenue came in, we were 127, I guess, your guide was 291 to 397 how much of that, is there any acquisitions in that number, any acquisition revenue in the difference.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Now the non-GAAP number the 60 versus, you know multiple in the 50 the 10% tax rate added about $0.03 and I’m I right it was a $5.6 million gain in the foreign currency about $0.04.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Yeah, but it would be in the GAAP number. So the difference between you cited a tax benefits, the rest of it were just because of the higher sales.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Now, the implication of your volume increase 22 to 23 versus, you know the guidance that you gave us is only about $18 million to $20 million for Tekla, is it a seasonally weak quarter, I know Tekla have any profits, but Tekla I thing $84 million last year in sales so I’m just trying to gather.
