Rob Painter: Thanks, Phil, and thank you to all our Trimble colleagues and partners for delivering a solid first half of the year and for demonstrating resilience and conviction as we continue to transform how we work so that we can transform how the world works. I'll end with a fun fact related to the games in Paris. Our technology was leveraged for the design, engineering, and construction of many of the stadiums, such as the aquatic center, the sailing marina, the football stadium, and also for athletic housing. The Les Gradins building, which houses over 400 athletes, will be converted to an office building after the games conclude. On the project, our survey kit, engineering, and prefabrication technologies, were used to construct a sustainable structure and to deliver it on time. Trimble Connect was used as a collaboration platform to coordinate across hundreds of users and stakeholders. To quote the BIM engineering manager on the project, I find Trimble Connect to be the best collaboration platform on the market in terms of file quality and usability. You can tell they designed the tool to be easy to use, even for non-experts. Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Rob Painter: Thanks, Kristen, for the question and good morning. So, let's break down a little bit there within the ARR growth, starting with a congrats to the team. It really was a terrific post of a number for the quarter. About two thirds of that growth is coming from existing customers and one third from new logos. And so, we really - for the breadth and depth of the portfolio we have, there's a great ability for us to package cross-sell, upsell, and that comes in the form of the Trimble Construction One offering where we now have over 20 pre-packaged offerings to serve specific personas across the industry continuum. If we look at the segments that we're serving within construction, where we see strong growth are in data centers. We see the onshoring and reshoring of renewable energy work. These end markets have been strong, and private data centers have been the strongest. We actually have also had some growth in residential. So, even though there's weakness there, we've seen growth there. One thing that's unique too, Kristen, about the data set that we have, because we're managing over $1 trillion of committed construction programs through our systems, over $0.5 trillion through the ERP alone, is there's a lot of data we can see. And so, in North America, we can see that jobs are up. Hiring's up. That is jobs are up. We can see that the volumes are up. We can see geographic strengths within States here in the US. We can see that States like South Carolina, Florida, Texas, have been very strong. We can see states like New York and Louisiana have been weaker. So, we're able to get a good insight into the market. And then differentially across the world, North America for sure is performing better than Europe and Asia Pacific. So, hope that gives you some color.
Rob Painter: Yes, it's a great question, Kristen. We're still in the very early innings of monetization. We're paying a lot of attention to it. Now, you talked about the GitHub Copilot work. That's internal productivity. So, the lens I have on this is, there's a set of work in AI that's for making us more efficient and productive inside our own house. That could be how we're doing customer support using the chat bots. It is the productivity through the code development. It's getting sharper about how we do our marketing efforts, leveraging AI when we go more customer-oriented, and those are the examples I had in the prepared remarks, and then we put a slide in the appendix with some hyperlinks so you can go look at some examples of what we're doing in the market. I'd give you sort of two breakdowns on that. One is that we see it as - some of this is part of continuous value delivery to our customers. That is, they're paying subscriptions. We typically get price increases every year. I think there's a reasonable expectation that we're providing incremental value. And in that sense, it's part of the offering that we do. The distinction I would make is when we have more breakthrough productivity or breakthrough value that we can provide customers, we think about, okay, what's the - quantifying that value and then what's our fair share of that capture? One example I can point out is in - within our Transporeon business, is the team has developed autonomous procurement and autonomous quotation capabilities. And when customers are using that instead of the traditional methods they've used and solutions they've used within Transporeon, we're monetizing that at I think of 2x to 3x (indiscernible) to 2x factor for execution because the result is that much better for the customers. So, that's one example of where we're monetizing, and I'd say we're still pretty early in it. And you're right that this is certainly evolving in the monetization side of things.
Rob Painter: Hey, thanks for the question. Relative to the election, I mean, you typically hear that in these periods, that people will do a bit of a pause to kind of see which way the wind's going to blow, and we'll see which way the wind blows. We believe we've taken that into account in the guide that we've put forward. And if you think about the guide, think about the visibility we have with the ARR business is much higher than we would have on let's say the hardware business, which manifests more as a book-and-burn. So, we have visibility into the rest of the year, differential visibility. 60% of our revenue is now recurring as a company. 75% of our revenue overall is software services and recurring. It's certainly reasonable for us to - and all of us, I guess, to think about what the impact of the election might be on our business, whether that's around regulation or whether that's around tariffs, depending on which way this goes. But we believe we've got this taken into account.
Rob Painter: Sure. Hey, let me frame this in two ways, one with the first half of the year, and then secondarily with the second quarter specifically. For the first half of the year, the bookings growth in the Transporeon business was in the mid to high teens. So, super pleased with that performance in context of what still is a freight recession. And so, the way then you can grow that bookings is coming through winning deals. And in the second quarter, the team won over 250 deals. Those deals come in the form of landing dozens of new logos and also doing land and expand plays within the existing customer base. There are certainly some pockets of end markets that are stronger and others that are weaker. There's been some strength coming back on the retail side. Some of the building materials have - that side of the business has been lower for the business. The team also had some success getting traction here in north America as well, which we were pleased by. And then last thing I'll comment on is we've got more plays happening between the Transporeon and Trimble Transportation business. Still early in that, but I like what I'm seeing in terms of the teams working together. So, add that up and that's the color around the numbers.
Rob Painter: Sure, Jerry. So, the growth is about two thirds from existing customers and one third from new logo customers. And you're right, the team has consistently been posting excellent growth. And this is excellent growth at scale. I mean, AECO alone is a $1.16 billion ARR business today, growing ARR in the high teens, operating at a rule of 44 in the quarter. It was over rule of 50 in the first quarter. Net retention is about 108% in the business. So, a lot of good things happening in the business. We believe we're winning because we have a unique value proposition. The value proposition is delivering productivity, quality, safety, environmental sustainability to our customers. It's helping them solve higher order problems for customers and ability, especially when we have the TC - where we have the TC One offerings available. That's Trimble Construction One. It reduces friction in the buying process. It makes it easier for customers to do business with us. It's doing things with Trimble that you can uniquely do, that is connecting work in the field and work in the office. So, when we look at the base of the customers that we have, we're bullish in our ability to continue growing this business, especially when I look at that two-third, one-third split, and two thirds being from existing customers.
Rob Painter: Hi. Good morning, Jonathan. So, yes, we moved - in the AECO business, we moved to a named account selling model at the beginning of the year. It was definitely a huge change for the team and for the organization. And if you think about it, if you're going to - if you sort of rewind, call it five, 10 years ago, we might have sent multiple sellers in to talk to a given customer. Today, that moves to having one person who's got accountability for that account, and then accountability to bring in the specialist behind her or him in order to best serve that customer and meet the breadth of needs. Now, it's one thing to have named account model that would be incomplete if you didn't have the product to go along with it. And that's where the bundled offerings, TC - Trimble Construction One, namely arms those account executives with the ability to offer customers a unique value proposition. And then what's behind that are the underlying processes and systems. So, we've had a lot of, I'd say, growth around our sales operations, our sales enablement motions. And then with the systems underneath, the work and the investment we've made over these last years has, let's say, upped our game in terms of licensing and entitlement engines as an example. Then we're getting more 360-degree views of our customers, which helps - all of which helps enable the sellers to go do what they do at that named account level.
Rob Painter: Yes, we're seeing the most strength in North America. Actually, Europe grew on an organic basis. That's going to be from the Transporeon business. Ex-Transporeon, it's been a tougher market in Europe, but I’d just say, it’s still holding up on a baseline. Differentially, around the world, Asia Pacific was hardest for us in the quarter, and I'd say think of a couple of places. China continues to be a harder place for us to do business. In Japan, the weakness of the yen makes it more expensive to do business with us, and those have been sort of a couple if pockets of weakness. We're paying attention to what's happening in Australia, New Zealand, the state of the economy there. So, the Asia Pacific, weaker. North America, the strongest. Those are the bookends. And that plays into our thinking in the second half of the year.
Rob Painter: Yes, good question, Rob. So, let's talk about the underlying technology itself. I mean, you go back for our 47-plus year history, started in positioning technologies. As positioning technologies have continued to evolve and innovate continuously over the years, we moved from, or we got into what's called RTK positioning decades ago, and now we can deliver those same - which deliver corrections to create that highly accurate ubiquitous fast convergence for that high accuracy need, which historically had been for us in agriculture, survey, construction markets. We can now deliver those through satellite, so you get more global ubiquity of the coverage of that. And then we asked ourselves the question of where else would this high convergence, high accuracy signals be of value? Automotive markets were a natural extension for us. So, same technology into a new market segment, whether that's for ADAS systems or on the path to autonomy or it's redundancy into other positioning technologies or sensors, I should say, on the cars. So, that's the context for it and for that market and extending the technology into the automotive market. And automotive is a market that we had - we do have some history in through navigation technologies. Now, you mentioned General Motors’ Super Cruise program. Yes, it's exactly the same topic that we're talking about with additional OEMs. I believe it's probably less than a dozen today that we have design wins with, and then there's certainly a pipeline that's bigger than that. When you think about the design win, it can take you a long time to get to that design win. Once you have the design win, you've got a pretty long lifecycle, actually, well, very - actually, I would say a very long lifecycle, multi-year call it plus or minus seven years over that design win. And if you kind of apply some software metrics to it and you think about the lens of lifetime value over customer acquisition costs, it's a good business to be in once you can win that OEM.
Rob Painter: It's actually very slow to get to revenue. I mean, it's good news and bad news, bad news being it's very slow to get to being able to recognize that revenue. The good news is that we can recognize that revenue over a long period of time. So, I'd say to date over these last few years as we've been getting these design wins, it's had more cost associated with it than revenue and gross margins. So, it's been upside down for a few years. We're getting to a point of a cumulative base as we start to recognize that revenue. And it'll just - it will look better over the next few years as that cumulative base steps up, as it's the nature of the revenue recognition over multiple years. That 17% ARR growth in field systems has a little bit of that automotive segment, but that's not the fundamental thing yet that's growing it. And also, good news as I would say, that's the kind of visibility we can have years forward in field systems that we would've never had historically.
Rob Painter: Hey, good morning, and thanks for the questions. I'll start with - this is Robert. I'll start with the AECO topic. So, yes, we have talked about the ARR growth, the two-third, one-third split coming from cross-sell versus the new logo. I think the additional color I can add to your question is as follows. We spend a lot of time segmenting the market, whether that's on the - I’ll call it the end markets, it could be residential, non-residential, infrastructure. It's also on the customer types. We think about where we serve the architects and designers, the engineers, the construction companies and the owners, their segmentation there. There's also a level of segmentation in terms of the size of the customer. So, think about mid-market customers, think about large enterprise customers, and then lower down, think about the small medium-sized businesses. One of the areas where we've been able to pivot is where we've seen a little bit more weakness on the mid-size customers. We pivoted our motions and our teams into the small and medium-sized business market here in North America. So, we've got the data and the ability and the products and the go-to-market model aligned to go find the business where it is. And I think that's one of the things that's differential about us. So, we have a broader product offering, serving the broader ecosystem, serving more participants in that, serving it more globally than our peers in the industry, and then being able to move our motions up or down market depending on where more of the activity is taking place. We also have a channel. We've had a channel at Trimble, I mean, Trimble's history. We've got decades of managing Trimbles. If we look in the AECO business, probably 10% to 15% of our bookings in the quarter came through our channel. So, that's also a motion that we've had for a long time. Oh, and on the Transporeon side, you asked about spot rates in Europe. They are, I would say just marginally better. They're not better enough to be really moving the needle yet. But you're right to look at that. We do as well, and we'll continue to pay attention to that. So, we believe that the current rates are built into our guide. If the market were to move quicker and spot rates go up, then that would be upside for us.
Phil Sawarynski: Yes, thanks, Zane. Hey, the main reason for really the mix shift is our AECO business, continues to grow at a faster rate of the - than the field systems. And we have a little bit better first half and those bookings start to flow through in the second half. And so, I think what you're seeing is then that mix shift, which obviously the gross margin on the AECO business is higher than the field systems. And so, you're seeing that sort of flow through in the back half of the year.
Phil Sawarynski: Hey, Tammy, it's Phil. Thanks for the question. So, I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, but the - we've had some churn that we've already talked about in the North American mobility business, and that really starts to manifest itself in the second half. So, a big portion of the second half drop that you see is really due to that. But as Rob said earlier, we're still seeing the performance around the Transporeon business, the maps business that's offsetting some of that, but that's really the headwind that you see in the second half is that churn that we previously disclosed.
Phil Sawarynski: Yes. Hey, Tammy, it's Phil again. So, yes, so as we talked about this from a capital allocation standpoint, we continue to pivot our resources toward the AECO business, and in particular that sales and marketing, which ultimately drives the ARR growth and the revenue growth in the future. And so, we see that continuing as long as we have the pipeline and the bookings. And the nice thing about rule of 40 plus business there is if we do see slowdowns, we can easily pivot our OpEx and still maintain a rule of 40. But as long as we continue to see the growth and the opportunities there in that business, I think you'll see us continue to allocate our resources toward that.
