Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So obviously, we were surprised in the first quarter that third quarter and fourth quarter last year were -- it appeared to be giving us a trend. And things did change in the first quarter. So I'd say weather, I hate to use this for the second year in a row, but weather did have a reasonably significant impact on results. So that was one thing not recurring. The question is whether we are able to make up the difference during the second quarter, but weather, without a doubt, particularly in North America, pushed -- in the case of the east, pushed the buying season late in the year. And in places like the Central Valley of California, the question of drought is whether there is any -- whether there's going to be any recovery this year. So that creates -- created an effect in the first quarter and creates some level of uncertainty in the second quarter. Russia, overall, for the company, accounted in terms of the midst of the low end of the revenue, Russia accounted for the majority of the shortfall overall at the company level, and has the potential to affect agriculture results here in the short term. Certainly hard to quantify. It all depends on how things play out, but certainly, right now, in Russia and Ukraine, both of which are relatively growing areas for us in agriculture. And people are obviously distracted at this point in time. And then I think that the relative equipment overhang, which we did not expect to be a principal factor for us coming into the year. Again, the thesis here, which has proved out to be true in the past, is that we're selling ROI, if you will. We're selling cost reduction. We're not selling capacity. And so our belief coming into the year was that we would be able to kind of sell into the marketplace in spite of kind of the overhang of the market in terms of equipment. That turned out to be not as true as we expected it to be. Now we've seen episodes like this in the past that have been comparatively short where the farm psychology kind of goes into a funk, if you will, for a period of time. And farmers hold back on their spending, which splashes over onto us, and then revise. So we don't know whether that will happen again but certainly, it adds the uncertainty. So I think that there are a number of factors there. The one that I brought up that is maybe harder to put a number around, but we are engaged with the distribution channel at this point in time, and talking about, let's call it, new generations of product that are coming, which are much more software and data focused. And the channel is a little -- is grappling with that change, and whether that had any effect on the short-term results or not is really hard to identify, but there is some level of uncertainty in the channel that may have had some operational effect on us in the quarter. So again, the uncertainties are pretty much North American. The rest of the world has variable performance but the issues are primarily North American, they're not global for us. And I think it's more a matter of uncertainty here in the short term. Longer term, I think, again, the drivers that have been there all along are still the drivers in the multi-year perspective in terms of fundamentally a -- in growing need for food, rising living standards in places like China and therefore, putting more demand on -- raising the expectations on agriculture. All those are still there. And again, our fundamental belief, as a company, is that both construction and agriculture are going to go through another technology -- or fundamental technology transformation based on the availability of data, and we are planning on participating in that. So I think that our longer-term view at the moment is probably clearer than our short-term or the next quarter sort of view.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. I think, actually, it's kind of a -- there's a need to bifurcate the question at this point in time. So I think that relative to everything outside of agriculture, I'd say virtually all of the businesses outside of agriculture are fundamentally in stronger shape today than they were 1 year ago. More market certainty, market hasn't necessarily improved all that much year-to-year but I think there's more market certainty. There is a higher level of confidence on our part to be able to execute. We're sitting, I think, in a number of cases, on a stronger product portfolio. So I would say everything other than agriculture is, I would say, the second half of the year, looks better fundamentally than 2013 second half. And again, I'm expressing uncertainty relative to agriculture, so I'd say it's a little bit of a bifurcated world. And I'd hate to name a number, in fact, I don't think we named a number per se, but I think that depending on agriculture, the second half of the year, in some ways, should -- outside of agriculture, should be better than 2013 overall. And then I think it's all a matter of agriculture, and on that one, I think, we're expressing some uncertainty at this point.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. Francois can maybe be a little bit more explicit. But we announced early in the year a revised arrangement with Caterpillar. And one of the elements of that was that the VirtualSite Solutions joint venture, which was established in October 2008, VSS for short, Trimble had a 65% interest in that and Caterpillar had a 35% interest. VSS was primarily created to put, if you will, the machine in the context of the construction site. The original joint venture, known as CTCT, was formed in 2002 and was really focused on onboard machine controls. So what we did was we sold 15% of the joint venture to -- back to Caterpillar, so it's now a 50-50 venture. And there were a number of other elements. But the theme of that press release and the theme of the agreement was, really, to expand the ambition set of the joint venture into what we're calling the unified fleet. Basically, a technology solution for the entire construction site that is, if you will, equipment brand agnostic. And so that was the center of the arrangement with Caterpillar that was announced earlier this year. A part of that was kind of in the spirit of the collaboration between the 2 companies was to take this joint venture back to 50-50.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, it's not necessarily a big number. But with the range we've given on revenue was $610 million to $630 million, we were $605 million, so we were below the bottom end of the range. And between the weather and Russia, if those 2 things hadn't happened, I believe we would have been in the range. But -- so it's not a huge number, it's not actually material. But when you're talking about net change, it was what's called a factor of irritation. But I think the -- part of the issues for agriculture, if you look at the growth markets, I would declare China to be one of them. It's still small but growing at a very rapid rate. I would say Eastern Europe in general, but certainly Ukraine and Russia fall into that category of -- yes, starting from relatively low numbers but with the potential for generating significant double-digit growth. And so it's unfortunate that probably for the time being, kind of Ukraine and Russia are maybe on the sidelines a little bit in terms of being able to get the -- to realize our potential, both in agriculture and some of the other businesses in Russia.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. But I -- fair question. I think, it's right now very much of a jump ball market. In fact, the market, as everybody is describing it, doesn't exist at this point in time. We're all, in some sense, selling a degree of futureware here. I think the relative Trimble advantages, if you will, against some players with a bigger balance sheet, it's, first of all, in terms of understanding what's going on in the farm. We're already there in a fairly practical sense. So we've been doing guidance there. We've been doing elements of the Connected Farm there in terms of variable rate. So we've got the sensor side on the front end, we've got the sensor side on the back end. We're very comfortable in what's called [ph] the big data realm. We're already tracking close to 2 million things around the world. So we're very comfortable in terms of the mobile space and kind of the big data realm. So we bring a lot to the party. I think it really is something of a test in terms of, okay, who can accumulate all the elements of the solution and bring them successfully with an effective go-to-market strategy, to bring it directly to the farmer. So I think all of us who are claiming some degree of ownership of the market have a number of questions to answer. But I think it's still very much early days and the market needs to warm up. And again, yes, we'd be happy to kind of explore it in more detail at the -- on June 4.
Steven W. Berglund: Okay. I think I've probably, in some sense, led people to the wrong conclusion. I was talking less about our inventory in the channel. I don't think we're particularly overhung in the channel. The reference and that was probably not clear was basically to the big equipment that's in the channel is, I think, the equipment market -- big equipment market is overhung at this point in time, and that's created a fair amount of confusion and kind of pushback from the market. And it's easier for us when equipment is moving and so that took -- that's made it a more difficult situation for us. But I'm not referring to our inventory being overhung in the channel but the big ticket items.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. I don't know what the number is. But I have no belief that we're anything other than in kind of normal levels in the channel.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. I mean, I think that what we're seeing here, if we're going to be more specific, I'll wait for the better forum which would be Investors Day in June, I think. But what we're seeing is -- yes, starting from a low base, but what we're seeing is a relatively rapid uptake in terms of kind of sequentially fairly impressive growth from quarter-to-quarter. So I think the market is stirring, the technology is beginning to move into the market. I mentioned this Irrigate-IQ product that we announced here in the U.S. within the last couple of weeks. That, for example, we may see some lift in the second half of the year from just that introduction because this is bringing new capability in terms of being able to manage irrigation and water use. So I think that there's an uptake. I think that, really, in terms of the short term, it's not going to swing our results here in 2014 context. But I think the uptake is growing. I think that there are -- again, I think that there are going to be a lot of issues for everyone participating in this agricultural next wave technology is the go-to-market aspects are going to be as important and conceivably more important than just the raw technologies and the capabilities. Is getting -- educating the farmer, building trust with the farmer, all of those sorts of things are going to be as important as any other factor here. And I think those are the -- that's the element that's easy to ignore. But I think it's absolutely going to be key. And that's going to take some time. That's not going to happen overnight. This is not going [ph] to be a consumer sort of product. So -- but I think that we've got a relatively continuous flow of new product, new features going to the field. And again, we're feeling comparatively good about the relative uptake. It's just not big enough yet to kind of offset these other market forces that we encountered in the first quarter.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, let's just say it was not a linear sort of a process. Is the $15 million, I suppose, for 15% would lead you to a conclusion in terms of the valuation. But in reality, there was a relatively rich set of economics. In terms of coming to a specific number, we did use an outside valuation. So we brought in outsiders to do the valuation. But in terms of the relative level of collaboration between the 2 organizations and the nature of the relationship between the organization in terms of factory fit items and all of that, there was a, let's call it a comprehensive view on the set of economics. But as far as the point valuation of the entity, we did bring in an outsider to make both sides feel comfortable that we were coming to an objective answer.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. I mean, I think potentially for the entire agriculture market. And -- but I would still -- obviously, I'm not as compelling today as I might have been 3 months ago on making this argument, but I would argue that, okay, in terms of let's call it, the cyclicality of agriculture, the cyclicality of construction, for that matter. Okay, we're exposed to it, we're not necessarily relatively total victims. So we do have the ability to sell solutions onto an existing fleet of machines. So if, for example, and I can't -- or probably won't quantify this all that particularly. But for example, we have tens of thousands of low-end guidance systems on farm equipment around the world. There is some reasonable possibility for going -- revisiting those same farmers and -- who've been educated on the low-end system and upgrading them to the full guidance system, for example. So I think that there may very well -- I'll leave it to the macro -- or the economist to kind of make their judgments on the overall agriculture market. And again, our problems are pretty much focused in North America, we're not seeing the same issues outside of North America. But -- so there could very well be headwinds for agriculture, in general, into 2015. But I think we have a reasonable ability as a company to, at least, resist those kind of macro headwinds, and I think there are any number of things we can do. And I think that I'm not just looking forward to the 2015. I'm hoping to look forward to the second half of 2014 on that as well. But again, I think that we were surprised in the first quarter, I think we're being cautious in the second quarter, but I think things will become clearer as we get deeper into the second quarter. So I'm not writing off 2014 for agriculture quite yet.
Steven W. Berglund: No, I think the 2 events are independent in our view. We'll see what we do relative to investors with Dimensions. We're expecting quite a capacity problem so -- at Dimensions, given the venue. So I think it was our view that we wanted to have a kind of enough time to fully present the story and the June date seemed to be the right time to do it.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think -- I mean, again, I think we've got to express a certain amount of qualification is that in terms -- I won't call the U.S. market robust, we're far from robust. But the U.S. market is really the only market that is showing kind of decent fundamentals relative to construction. The rest of the world is either kind of relatively poor, Australia still being in that mode. Europe still being in that mode, by and large. And so I think it may be a little bumpy just because there isn't a whole lot of tailwind from the economic perspective. But again, I think, that what we are seeing is an accelerating, embrace of the technology by contractors worldwide, so I think that we're on a secular path here that's somewhat, in spite of the economic environment and I would expect that to continue through the rest of this year and into next year. Obviously if, for example, Australia came and started showing some economic life, that will be a net plus to us, same would be true in Europe. So I think there are probably implicitly more upsides than there are downsides, although I'm sure there are some -- if some of these economies started to have difficulties we can see a slowdown. So I think it could be kind of a lumpy into the second half of this year, into 2015, for that matter, just given the state of economics. But I think a fundamental secular path is comparatively strong because technology is penetrating the market and we would expect that to continue. So I'd basically be fairly comfortable with the relative tone we're setting subject to those qualifications and would say if the economic environment improves, there could actually be some lift.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I think that within Field Services, which is now perhaps is now a -- kind of a minority element to the Mobile Solutions segment behind the Transportation & Logistics elements, which account for about 75% of it. I think that we have been taking a specific strategic path, which is aimed at the enterprise level customers. So I think, increasingly, the book of business as well as the pipeline are major accounts. And kind of names that you would instantly recognize, but because they don't like press releases, we don't get to talk about much. So I think the issue in Field Services, as much as anything else, is that, that tends to be a relatively long development cycle in terms of the sales process but because we're talking about fundamentally changing the way relatively a large enterprise does business and okay, that can take 1 year or 2 before it has worked through the process because it is so mission-critical. So I think certainly, in the first quarter that is part -- elements of pipeline that we thought were going to actually turn into revenue, got the way not -- did not disappear but simply got delayed. And so that business is that it's a lumpy. So I'd say longer term, it will be a growth business, but at the moment, it is waiting for some of these larger orders to come about. So...
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I think there are seasonal -- they tell me that there's seasonal elements in the Mobile business, and Transportation and Logistics that there are seasonal elements. Compared to construction or agriculture, they're relatively mild seasonal flows. I think, to some extent, what you're seeing at the margin line is when some of these purchase accounting effects for some of the acquisition start to come off, you're starting to see the more peer-based line come through. So some of this is likely the accounting but I think what you're beginning to see is the underlying baseline of what the business is capable of producing going forward.
Steven W. Berglund: I think the range of possibilities at the moment, given the level of uncertainty is wider than it would be historically. So I think, I can give -- I could -- given the performance in the first quarter, I think we got -- I think we've pounded the stake in at the, let's call it the conservative end of the range. And I think that this business historically has shown some propensity to surprise to the upside. So I think the way I'd like to leave it is that the range of possibilities is comparatively wide at this point in time. But it's -- I'm not sure that we're willing to peg -- pound the stake in at anything other than the conservative element of the range at this point, until we better understand what's going on.
Steven W. Berglund: You're pushing me here, but let's just say that wouldn't be an unreasonable starting point to consider but again, I'll qualify...
Steven W. Berglund: I think the -- okay, relative to Transportation and Logistics, which accounts for 75% of the segment, focusing on that has been the key driver, and then the other elements are interesting but require a longer story. I think, in terms of Transportation and Logistics, certainly, our long-term expectation in terms of being -- taking people net together with ALK, together with TMW and crafting out of those elements, let's call it a pretty comprehensive enterprise solution for the transportation company. I think that our longer-term -- our long-term view certainly is, let's call it double digits, something greater than -- for 10% in the long-term. I think we're in a -- to better tie those elements together, to work towards the enterprise solution that covers both the mobile element of the workflow as well as the enterprise level what's occurring back at the enterprise, tying those together, we're investing this year in terms of product solution, to better tie those 2 elements together. And I think 2015 is going to be the year that receives the benefits of that investment this year. But I think from a strategic standpoint, it is -- the expectation is fundamentally doubled -- double-digit, both for the T&L and, really, for the segment. And I think that the full strategy doesn't necessarily unfold on that until end of 2015 when we have, let's call it the full product capability.
Steven W. Berglund: Advanced Devices. Again, I think that -- okay, on a strategic basis, it's -- we don't view it as being a let's call it a significant growth driver for the company as it's constituted at this point in time. Of course, they keep surprising me to the upside on that and kind of keep making me a little bit of a liar. But I think that -- I'd say our growth ambitions in that segment aren't -- or let's call it, single-digit growth expectations. And the segment, to a large extent, depending on how we reflect the revenue sharing, elements of that segment, particularly ThingMagic, the RFID capability with Applanix, which is sensors but -- inertial sensors primarily, those are enablers for large parts of the rest of the Trimble. So they will grow based on the success from the end users market such as construction and geospatial. But I would say, generally, is if you take the 12 month financial model and apply that to a relatively modest single-digit growth factor, you probably -- that's probably, I think the way to view that business strategically. We'll let you know if our ambitions increase.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. We build airplanes. Yes, and the issue with drones are more particularly UAVs or any of the other nomenclatures. Yes, we can't fly them in the U.S. The FAA is still pondering the issue. And I think that elsewhere, okay, we are getting some traction. I think the whole issue of UAVs are getting a lot of attention and okay, there are a lot of potential applications out there. But I think that, to some extent, at this moment in time, we believe in the technology, certainly long term. But to some extent at this point in time, is still the solution in search of the problem. I think the places where we would expect the growth to come would be, first of all, on geospatial using drones outfitted with sensors to do a lot of what surveyors are currently doing, whether it's in the mines or whether it's determining volumes of -- piles of aggregate or looking for feature extraction or measurements from a survey standpoint. So our principal rationale for buying into the UAVs was in the geospatial realm basically as an augmentation to kind of conventional surveying. And the other, I think, with a great deal of potential in the future's agriculture. And again, it's a matter of getting the right sensors on the airplane to actually create the right solution for the right application and to monetize it. So again, the fact that we're not talking about it in kind of the mainstream results is that it's still relatively small, I think. But with a lot of potential, and I would say -- but that's kind of a 2 or 3 year story that's still unfolding and that there's a fair amount of development work that has to occur before we start talking about it regularly.
Ian Ing: Yes. A couple more questions on ag here. You talked about inventory running high. Could you give us a sense of how many weeks and how long it takes to work down, I believe. Historically, you've talked about maybe 2 weeks in the channel, just not too much inventory.
Ian Ing: Okay. But there's no sense of how many weeks. I think, historically, you've talked about 2 weeks maybe of retailers and resellers? Or...
Ian Ing: Okay. And I think you did a good job explaining some of the factors impacting ag right now, weather and channel education. I guess, you're still guiding somewhat conservatively. I mean, you talked about your products being still pretty competitive in big data. Is there anything else happening? Maybe anything changing in terms of demand for ROI solutions or customers...
Ian Ing: If I could fit one more in. Question for Francois, you've been here maybe, what, 5 or 6 months now? And maybe you can compare and contrast Trimble's software business with your prior experiences at places like VMware, maybe in terms of target operating model, deferred bookings, mix of subscription and services. Just what's similar, what's the difference.
