Steve Berglund: So the correction services business is within the resources and utilities segment. And I think we have previously referenced that as crown jewel of the business at Trimble. The role of correction services today, if you look at the customer base, it primarily services the agriculture market. Secondarily, it serves the construction market. And then the third is this emergence of an automotive market. In the context of agriculture or construction, centimeters matter. In order to achieve centimeters, ubiquitously and at a fast convergence time, you actually have to subscribe to what we call these correction services and there's essentially a menu of options available for the accuracy and conversion time. Taken into the context of automotive, the context really is one of that of sensor fusion and it's the role, I would say, of absolute position because that is what the correction services are providing is absolute positioning. Now it is providing that by augmenting into the satellites with some known ground-based points, which improves the geometry plus the mathematics to correct for errors in the atmosphere to improve the accuracy of the position that's given. It is a subscription. So it's a SaaS-like business that technically a subscription business. And from a monetization standpoint and an automotive context, but really actually in all context, it's a monthly subscription. And in terms of sizing, let's say, the opportunity, certainly today the automotive slice is a very small slice of that business and it remains to be seen but we have a level optimism about the role of absolute position and how that will augment in the sense of sensor fusion with imagery and a relative position that you can get today.
Steve Berglund: Sure. So the agriculture business is the largest aspect of the resources and utilities segment. The growth we have been seeing continues to be faster outside the U.S. than in the U.S. So that's the 30% plus I referenced in Brazil is predominantly driven by the agriculture business, continue to see growth in Europe and as well as Asia-Pacific in the agriculture business. The U.S. market was up slightly. It continues the pattern that we have we have seen of late. Within the segment, we also have that correction services business and that was up high single digits in the quarter. So it really came in pretty much exactly as we expected, Jerry.
Steve Berglund: Well, Richard, I think the net answer for us kind of operating in the realm that we operate in, no, I don't think have seen any real impact on us in terms of the trade policy to-ing and fro-ing. I would say though that you historically taking the long view on the agriculture market, there is definitely kind of a headline factor that is involved in farmer buying patterns that you can not headline. So I would say is, in general, at this point in time people are waiting to see what might happen. But I would say at this point in time and probably for until something real does happen, people are not taking anticipatory source of actions at this point. So I think steady as she goes in that sense. And what we are seeing in our demand levels, I think, is the real market without a whole lot of speculative factor going into it.
Steve Berglund: I think we see enough, while the majority of the business is outside the U.S. today, the U.S. market itself, I think, is not poised for double digit with commodity prices where they are. And so in corn at the moment, even while we are seeing some replacement cycle of machines, I think it's not enough to the catalyze to double digit.
Steve Berglund: Okay. Well, from a customer segmentation standpoint, we could really apply this to almost any one of our businesses, but take it at a company level. If you do a segmentation of small, medium, large, enterprise type accounts, we can map our various businesses and on this case, I am taking it by customer size. The more you go up into enterprise level customers, so this could be the largest of contractors around the world or largest of transportation companies or the largest projects happening around the world. They tend to have a different, I will say, purchasing dynamic or relationship dynamic where they especially want to make sure they are working with Trimble and they have more single points of contact or at least a fewer points of contact. And so that's one area where we see those relationships changing. Another one and it kind of correlates to that upper end of the pyramid is professional services. So we do have some professional services capabilities at the company. And in the construction world, they tend to get deployed on these largest of projects who are really trying to figure out how to integrate all the various technologies that are available on, in this case, a construction site. And so that in itself is a very different way of engaging with a customer as a trusted advisors to how to optimize their processes and their use of technology in order to improve project delivery. And then backing into how all of the above, I would say, intersects with the product roadmaps. As you would imagine, we have customer councils, advisory councils and really in almost all of our businesses. And so it provides us an opportunity to stay close to the customers and to have a good set of advisors in that respect. And then all that meets technology. Of course, when you are in more of a software world or you are in a SaaS world, your ability to innovate can be measured in hours. And so you know where your working on a mentality of the fast fail or a minimum viable product, that's one of the specially nice things to have in a software rich business model. The pace at which you can test the development that you are doing and see what's working. So I hope that gives you a little color, Colin.
Steve Berglund: Well, let me take a crack and maybe Rob can embellish. But I think there are maybe two considerations. One is scope and the other is scale. I think scope, as I would use it, would be kind of the breath of offering in terms of kind of what I have been referring to as the holistic solution. And the other is a matter scale, which is relative to size and kind of the ability to project. I think both are becoming increasingly relevant. So for example, scope. I think our view would be, the small to medium size general contractors really do prefer a one-stop shopping sort of solutions. So therefore scope in the sense of bringing kind of a full product range to bear and kind of being that one-stop is going to appeal to that particular segment. Whereas in terms of large general contractors or perhaps owners, large owners, there they have relative of relative degree of sophistication and kind of the one-stop shop is less preeminent there. But at the same time, the ability to deliver at scale becomes more important, just to have the capability of providing a solution in large projects becomes important. So I would say the two considerations are both scope, breadth as well as scale which is relative ability to project yourself into a situation. And scale is increasingly meaning things like professional services. Rob mentioned professional services, but it's the ability to be an effective hand-holder in a project context and really be able to deliver the goods in a changing environment. So I think that both are becoming more important, depending on kind of market context. But yes and I think both the Viewpoint and e-Builder certainly provide additional scope in terms of being more persuasive, in terms of the capabilities across the cross the continuum. But then I think that in terms of credibility with large contractors or large owners is, Rob mentioned that Trimble now has or is about to have $1 billion in relative revenue a year in construction technology, which would certainly makes us credible from the ability to be able to deliver. So yes, hopefully that's on point to your question, but that's the way I would see it.
Steve Berglund: So I would say, yes. Müller is based in Germany and the majority of their business is in Europe today. So that from an overall growth perspective, that was the main driver. To speak more specifically, let's say, out of or I guess I should in addition to Müller, we continue to see even if that Müller side, Germany has been good, the U.K. actually was a good quarter for us, Italy, France, Austria, Netherlands, Nordics were strong. So pretty broad-based, Yuuji.
Rob Painter: The gross margin is reflective of the revenue mix. So you all can think of it as product mix. At a total company level, it is can be a little hard to dissect a gross margin, because of the different dynamics within the reporting segments. So if you look at the revenue breakdown, almost half software, half hardware. There is different dynamics at play. But the overall gross margins were up reflecting the underlying businesses, which is irrespective of the revenue growth or largely irrespective of the revenue growth. And then the operating leverage specifically is referring to, in this case, it's the sum of that gross margin improvement as well as cost management. And when we look at the operating leverage, we will look both at, of course, the total operating leverage that we are delivering as well as the operating leverage on the organic revenue from the business because the dynamic that we see play out within operating leverage is the acquisitions. As they come I, they tend to be dilutive to the operating leverage. And so the operating leverage at the total company level is therefore lower. And that organic operating leverage met our expectations of above 30%.
Rob Painter: Well, I would say, at this point, we have the syndication or the bridge commitments from the financial institutions and that mix will sort itself out here, I would say, soon enough as we go to capital markets to take out the bridge and put in the permanent financing.
Rob Painter: Well, we would look for it, honestly when you look for a mix of different tranches of debt in terms of maturity times and rates, but it's a bit premature for me to nail down before we actually go out to the debt markets.
Rob Painter: Actually, I would say there is not a particularly discernible difference. They both performed well in the in the first quarter. I think the civil business is a little bit ahead of the BIM business. The dynamics are quite probably different. So there is a few different dynamics in both of those. What's common of course is the digitization of the markets or digitization of construction. The civil engineering business today is more hardware centric and the BIM business is more software centric. We are working with civil contractors primarily and engineers in the civil engineering business and a mix of designers, engineers, contractors, especially contractors and owners in the BIM business. So some different stakeholders, but the macro theme of the digitization is the same and really the macro theme at a secular level applies to both of businesses. I would say also the other dynamic that's pretty similar is the new product introduction and the impact on the respective businesses. So for instance, the Earthworks platform in the civil engineering business continues to be a real catalyst of growth as it enables us to do many things, but one of which is to reach the excavator market and which was previously largely an untapped market. And so it's increasing essentially the addressable market of what is highest machine count in the world. And so that's one of the drivers in the civil engineering business.
Rob Painter: Well, from a total company perspective, we would love to be below 2% of revenue on CapEx and that's consistent with I usually talk about when I am talking about the company model. And then one of the biggest specific areas of spend within that CapEx is, we are building a new building, a campus that we own in Colorado and I talked about that one, I don't know if was one or two calls ago and that's where we are using 50 different Trimble technologies to help us build that building better, faster, safer, cheaper.
Rob Painter: Yes. On a longer-term basis, I tend to characterize the geospatial segment as within the four segments as being the lower growth business. So it would tend to characterize the other three reporting segments as mid to high single digits and the geospatial business somewhere in the mid and clearly we are above the mid at the at the moment in really these last the three quarters or so. And so if I break it down on what is and what could make catalyze that to be greater than the mid single digits. So I tend to characterize it, it would be as follows. One would be the new product introductions. And the answer is yes to the SX10. It continues to be a very effective product for us. This combination of the scanner and a total station is new, new territory and we haven't seen anyone be able to match that product. And so it's getting a lot of positive press and a lot of positive use in the market. And so we would expect to see continued demand for that product. Now that's far from the only thing we do in geospatial. The other new product I would mention is the line of total stations or mechanical total stations, which we believe will position us well in the emerging markets better than we had been positioned before with that same product line. So we are able to get new feature and functionality at a lower cost and price point and that's the essence of it. So we think that technology expands a market that we can reach. And more to come in that group. So new product introduction. It's a market that's driven largely by replacement cycles. So it's acceleration or velocity in our own technology is what will drive and catalyze growth in the segment. The other parts that has been strongly growing here for really the last couple of years is that of the Applanix business, which is largely based on a set of inertial technologies and what's really been driving that has been the autonomous car programs. And that would seem to be a market that has legs to it. The slope of it, the first quarter surprised us actually just how strong that came in. We would expect that to level out a bit here in Q2 and smooth out over, call it, a trailing 12 type basis. I think it would fit the profile that in an economy that's healthy with construction and with oil and gas close to about $70 the other day, that would lead us to think that there is some positive momentum to come in that business.
Rob Painter: So I would make a good advertisement for our Investor Day coming up in a few weeks. So at the Investor Day, we will go into more detail at the product level. What I would give you a high level is that if we sort of put on the rearview mirror over the last couple years, we have been seeing the software outgrow the hardware by a pretty good clip. I think 1.5:1 over the last two, two-and-a-half years. What we saw in the last, I would say, three quarters or so is that the hardware was actually growing about as fast or actually as fast as the software part of the portfolio. And that's reflected a strength in end markets such as the civil construction market and the ag market outside the U.S. So actually a actually really good dynamic to have as far as percentages go because of course, it's the dollars you take to the bank. So on a longer-term basis, as you might imagine, we would expect the software growth to outpace the hardware. And when we come to Investor Day, then we will break it down with some are specificity by the business segments as well.
Rob Painter: Well, there's no question that ELD has been a tailwind for growth in the transportation business going on a couple of years now. If I were to size of the part of the business that's our mobility part of the business which does or largely delivers the ELD solutions and that's actually it's less than, well call that about, looking at my numbers real quick, yes, that's about half of the reporting segment that's within the PeopleNet business. But then even within the PeopleNet business, it's just a slice of the PeopleNet business. So it's a, let's call it, 20%, 25% of the business, I could say over the couple of years could probably trace something to the ELD mandate in terms of driving growth. And we are certainly seeing that in the hardware growth that's come out of that business in that they sell the hardware front and then it turns into subscription thereafter. And so, the cumulative subscriber base is growing in that business. The commentary or the narrative we have had is a very consistent narrative we have around this business is that, this just was never a cliff event where the ELD actually first phase of it went into effect in December of last year. And I think that was the question I got asked more than anything. In the second half of last year is what happens after that? I think the worry being that there would be a cliff. And we talked about a slope down in demand, but not a not a cliff because for a number of reasons. One, there is a whole series of other technologies we provide in the space. And by the way, ELD could just b e bare minimum compliance while our real differentiation happens at management of an entire fleet and optimization of a fleet and video intelligence solutions and we have end markets that we serve that are outside of the Class 8 vehicles, but also in markets such as energy or in food service. So a number other market adjacencies, number of other technologies that we have. And then again as you come out of that compliance, for us it's also an opportunity to upsell customers into a more complete solution. And all the while, while that's happening we have been experiencing or achieving significant wins, competitive wins for the full stack service solutions. So continue to be optimistic about the business, feel very good about our competitive position in that business. And as it relates to the penetration, one thing to keep in mind is this ELD mandate has two phases. And the second phase goes into full effect in December of 2019. So that's why we never saw a cliff. We would see a slope of the new unit demand. I would say, most fleets at this point of the larger fleets are reasonably penetrated with the technology and many of them are converting the first wave now into the, well actually I would say what will start to happen maybe at the end of this year, beginning next year is people convert to what's called AOBRD compliant devices over the full ELD compliant devices.
Rob Painter: Well, we don't disclose churn in this business. It's an inherently more complicated number or answer than what a simple number can provide. The first part of the mandate just went into effect. So there is very little churn that we would see on just ELD. Otherwise that would not be what we expect this soon after the first part of the mandate went into effect.
Rob Painter: Well, it's certainly been our narrative that as we move into a higher mix of software that we should exceed commensurate operating margin expansion in the segment. There's two segments that I would say particularly outperformed in the first quarter. And one of them was transportation. And really I think that Q1, I would probably proved with an exclamation point that this wasn't all about ELD, because it was a very strong quarter of demand in that business, which meant that it came with a lot of hardware in the quarter. So by the pure percentages of the math, I would expect that that might actually temper the percentages but improve the dollars for the overall year. So having said that, we do expect a positive trend in the transportation business as we enter, it's really in the second half of the year more so than the first half of year. So as it's the second half of the year is where I would expect to see the margin expansion, some of which is natural by the way in the fourth quarter. So you could look at the last couple of years and you could see that that's a dynamic that happens in the fourth quarter. But a step up in that, I will just characterize overall second half of the year combine that third and fourth quarter and you would see that playing out.
