Steven W. Berglund: Well, let me answer initially kind of from the 30,000 foot level and then let me turn to Rob, to maybe refer more specifically kind of to the deal flow that we have seen over now the last nine months or so. So I think that from kind of an existential standpoint, Trimble's history is very much field centered in terms of, okay, that is where we really got our start, that's where our strength is, and our relative emphasis on domain knowledge really is in our view very central to this. This is not simply a matter of walking on to a construction site or into a contractors office and selling what's called a horizontal version of the world. It's very, very necessary to understand the intricacies of the construction workflow to really be able to solve some of these problems. So, I think that inherently we believe we have an advantage simply because we are fundamentally better aware of what goes on on the construction site than many of the others are now becoming involved. So I think that from a positioning standpoint and in terms of our field centricity if you, will we feel pretty comfortable. So without a doubt, I think that it's an attractive space. It's a large industry. The technology now enables solutions that were not necessarily possible five years ago. It is attracting a fair amount of attention, but in our view fundamentally we are advantaged from our relative historical positioning there. And the other element is that, if you will, giving a practical example, you know the combination of Viewpoint and our historical position in the machine in terms of machine control, it would be a huge advantage to a contractor to be able to turn on the ERP from Viewpoint or for that matter for anybody else, and see the outcomes from the morning's work in terms of the relative productivity of the bulldozer or the grater or the excavator or whatever and have that actually available in real time in the ERP. And if you look at the elements of that, I would say, Trimble is uniquely positioned to be able to provide that total solution, just as one example. Let me look to Rob to kind of comment on kind of the deal flow aspects of the last nine months.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, again. I'll make a general statement and there will be exceptions to it, but I think in general, as Rob pointed out is what's called the big game is effectively disappearing in terms of the assets that are available to acquire. There aren't that many left. There never were that many, and they're a diminishing breed at this point in time. So certainly nothing large, but I think what you're suggesting is kind of, let's call it, a wave of entrepreneurship and small companies that might be acquirable. I think that's actually a more relevant model for agriculture than for construction. Yeah there is innovation occurring in construction. There are startups. But I think that in general I would say in general, and I'm sure that there will be exceptions over time, but in general I would say is that we're now looking to internal development as the primary vehicle for progression going forward. Will there be potentially opportunities big and small, possibly. But I would say is that there, I think there is not let's call it a wave of small venture-backed companies that are likely to emerge. This is a scale business, which is kind of the point for doing both Viewpoint and e-Builder and I think it requires a certain amount of scale to be successful here. So, there may be some of that, but I would say by and large that we're going to focus on internal product development as really being the vehicle to take us forward. Possible exception to what I just said is maybe looking more globally, is that work does tend to be done differently around the world, so that if there's something that's going to drive acquisitions, as likely to be kind of international, filling in the gaps internationally more so than from a product standpoint.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah I think it probably is a point of emphasis that has grown over the last five years. And I think maybe the most significant change in enabling the conversation has been that really the technology has advanced to the point within the last five years, so that Trimble 5 to 10 years ago was talking in a construction firm to the equipment manager and the equivalent to a corporate farmer. We were talking to a whole different level management. Because technology has become so central to these enterprises, the conversations we're having have been elevated to the C-level suite. So we're now talking to CEO, COO, CIO, that class of people, and both in agriculture and construction and in a different way maybe transportation. Technology has become strategic whereas 5 to 10 years ago it was kind of an add-on. Today it is a central consideration. So we are having conversations at a level of the company where they're looking for transformative effects on the enterprise. And therefore, for example my visit to Brazil, that was the core of every conversation in Brazil, which was not just about farming or specific aspects, how can you help me transform my entire enterprise. And I still find it amazing in terms of the points of relevancy for Trimble right across the enterprise, whether it be logistics, whether it be infrastructure, whether it be the point solutions in the operations. So I think that we're now having these conversations and I think they've been enabled by kind of access to the C-level suite and the transformation in the sorts of conversations we've been able to have. So I think we need to improve our capabilities for talking, having boardroom conversations. We need to pick up our game and be able to do a better job of account management which has been kind of a recurring theme fairly publicly over the last five years in terms of things we need to get done. But I would say it's really access, the centrality of technology to the strategy of these enterprises and the fact that Trimble has many touch points of relevancy to that really, really is the change.
Robert G. Painter: Well certainly, we've seen activity, an increased level of activity in the space. When we announced the Viewpoint acquisition, one of our talking points was there weren't many scaled assets in the construction technology space and over the last few weeks, there's even fewer out there, fewer out there now. So the active players, I think you know who they've been, between Fortive and Roper and, well probably those two in particular, and actually many of the I'd say the acquisitions that have taken place are potentially more complimentary to what we've done. So not even necessarily competitive.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. I mean over the last few years, our business, our agriculture business has become much better diversified geographically as well actually as from a product mix perspective. So the majority of our agriculture business today is outside of the U.S. So we have a geographic diversity that's greater than what we had years ago. We're also more diversified, I'd say, on the machine versus off the machine. So from an on the machine perspective, we're historically known for guidance and our move has been more into the variable space. So there is diversification on the machine as well as off the machine as our software, agriculture software and the construction services business. So in terms of setting context, we basically have a quite a different portfolio than we did years ago. There is also something to keep in mind from the long-term fundamentals in agriculture to put in context of the let's say, the talk of the inactions of the moment. One would be a growing population and then the second would be farm consolidation and we do see farms continuing to consolidate and that actually tends to be a net positive for us where there is the association to the return on investment, the larger the farm. As it relates then to let's say the specific of the question, I'd sort of reference back to Steve's commentary, if the trade is going to let's say geographically arbitrage from one market to the other, you know it's our mandate to then go follow, follow that trade. And in this case Steve's example was Brazil in soy.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So, if I take the integration and I take it holistically between the existing Trimble business, Viewpoint and e-Builder. I would think – we think about it both opportunistically as well as strategically. From an opportunistic perspective, the first things we look at are where we have shared customers and many of the shared customers are coming to us with potential ideas or quick win product ideas and letting customers drive the integration that's going to make sense at a product level. Also opportunistically we happen to have let's say each business, as it were, having three user conferences coming up in the next few months. So there is a great deal of messaging that we're working on as it relates to talking to those customers and being in front of those customers gives us an opportunity to further talk about the product synergies that we see. From a strategic perspective and how we approach the integration, we start with segmentation, so segmentation of the customers. The Viewpoint example is a good one to reference back to the 8,000 customers that the business has. We have that split a third, a third, a third between general contractors, heavy civil contractors and specialty trade contractors, specifically MEP contractors. So, it's mapping at a segmentation level with the product offerings. And then going to your point, Gal, or your question about taking Vico as an example, fundamentally Vico is about enabling scheduling and that as a feature and to build that into the products on the industry platform that we talked about is certainly something that's top of mind for us. You know we have project management solutions in the respective businesses and one of the activities we have from a cost synergy perspective, which we also think will lead to revenue synergies, is to rationalize our efforts in project management so that we can be better focused. And in doing so, if we add let's call it the IP, the intellectual property from the Vico 5D scheduling aspect into the greater business in the portfolio, then we definitely would be bullish that there's opportunities for us. Because this really comes back to the idea of enabling this information transparency between owners, general contractors and the trade contractors.
Robert G. Painter: Actually it would be a very small overlap, Gal. e-Builder focuses on owners, managing the capital programs for owners, whereas Viewpoint is managing the construction management system for the general contractors and the trade contractors. Where it makes a really nice fit is that the owner is ultimately working with a general contractor in order to build out the capital program. And so, the nature of the effort we would have in those two businesses is to make a more seamless connection of the data flow between the owner and general contractor. So, the example I have is one of the big general contractors who reached out to us very positively saying, okay, I am going to be able to integrate my data to get it to the owners better than I am able to do so today, so this is a great combination. So very little overlap. Actually really opportunity if you think about playing that out, taken if you're a general contractor working with an owner who is already in the e-Builder system, we believe that will give us a stronger value proposition to those contractors to be able to communicate better with the owners that they're serving today.
Robert G. Painter: Oh, I think that we would look to consolidate some of the system activities over time. And the really the more, I'll call them, customer centric, customer facing it is, that's going to be higher up on the priority list. Elevate to a Trimble company level, less than 2% of our revenue is invested in CapEx. So it's not a CapEx type investment that would, I'll call it, break a model. I think would actually be one about enabling a model and I think it is one that is relevant. In fact, not really even – and just within, while whether we're talking about Viewpoint or e-Builder, but across all the businesses we have in the construction technology space, I'd view that as an enabling technology to help us go after the market opportunity. The more it's the transactional side in the ERP system, there we would just I'd say kind of wait and see as to what's going to make sense. You have to look at the fact that we sell both hardware and software. We have business that goes through dealers. We have business that goes direct. And so I tend to not believe that there is such a thing as one ERP system that can do all of that.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So technically I wouldn't pull organic yet. It came into Trimble in July of last year. So, but of course we could look at how was the business performing before we acquired it and what does that look like.
Robert G. Painter: And that's a double digit increase. Actually pretty strong double digit increase in the business over that time. So the business is doing very well would be the punch line to the answer. And then in terms of where we look for the leverage points, I reference back to Steve's commentary. One of the nice let's call it fits between the Trimble agriculture business and the Müller business is, as Müller historically has been OEM centric and European centric, and Trimble with the global, I'll say global centric and aftermarket centric, so it's the opportunity therefore is to bring Müller into the Trimble aftermarket global dealer channel and for Trimble, for us to build access more OEMs. And I think both of those are bearing fruit at this point.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. In terms of the OEMs themselves, so we're not able to disclose the OEMs. So I wish, it would be easier probably for this conversation if I could. But places like Brazil and really and elsewhere, we're seeing positive momentum there. In terms of where it could go on an ongoing basis, well that would be net new upside for us if we're able to create business out of it. So I would call it a favorable tailwind opportunity for us.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah so, Jerry, that one's played out a little different than the hypothesis we had coming into the year and appears to be maybe a quarter or two behind where we thought it would be. We have a number of, somewhat anecdotal, but a number of the trucking companies are so busy right now and I think you would know that and be able to see that from the data. And many of which are also facing driver shortages and we see that in the spot market rates on freight and the inventory levels. Where we've got, it basically turns into a number of companies that are too busy to go into bigger implementations at the moment. And so that's played out a little different than we thought. Having said that, the enterprise side of the business was up double digit year-over-year in the second quarter. But I would also say has been a little less than what we thought it would be at this point in the year.
Robert G. Painter: So, I'd give you a couple. Hi, Jonathan. I'd give you a couple of examples and then I'll let you see where you want to go with the question or the follow up on it. In the construction, we'll start in construction technology. So we have the SketchUp business, as you know, which is an architectural and design software. We have a content business. So a 3D warehouse that feeds content, 3D content into the SketchUp product. Those two have a synergy between one another. The SketchUp product can also be sold with the Tekla Structure. So, if you were to move from a conceptual design into engineering level detail, you start out with the conceptual design, move into the engineering detail and you can move data from SketchUp to a Tekla Structures product. Our Trimble Connect, it's a solution, our platform. So Connect is the enabling technology to bring together the data and move the information flow across the ecosystem in construction. We have literally integrated elements of connect into SketchUp. So as you actually log in to SketchUp, you're coming through Connect and thereby having access to the file sharing which enables the data to move throughout the project, and this is coming in at the beginning of the project. And there is levels of product integration as well as solutions offerings. In terms of quantifying it let's say beyond that, I would actually characterize us as being in the early innings of really getting after the, and achieving the opportunity we have for the product bundling, the solution bundling. You know if you think about what's possible and literally possible, literally doable, like taking our field layout technology. That's the hardware and the software that's bringing that, connecting that physical and the digital world. That's the kind of solution bundles that we can already sell today and I think we're scratching the surface of what's possible for us. That's a very construction centric answer. You play it into the world of agriculture. If you look at the penetration of software we have relative to the hardware customers, we think we're penetrated maybe on it 10% to 15% of the acres that we, and software that we cover with hardware or the guidance and variable rate technologies today, that would be a real opportunity we see for ourselves. In the transportation space, and they're increasingly having solutions that intersect what we do from a routing, mapping, navigation software as well as the enterprise software and the mobility software. So actually we have our user, annual user conference in the transportation business, takes place in early September. This year it's now the largest transportation technology user conference in North America. And there will be product announcements that come out at that user conference where we're able to create new, I call them new, new solutions based on integrating the data that we have available from what's in the portfolio.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. Let me start with the software one, that would have probably at this point be more meaningful than taking hardware as a service, as a business model. If we look at software, we have well over $500 million of software in services today and that's mostly perpetual software. So if you look at that basket of revenue and think about that and a transition to subscription, here is a rule of thumb that we think about. If you were to move $100 million of that perpetual revenue to subscription revenue, by definition you'd create a headwind to growth and margins. And so think about that $100 million and think about that, call it, divide by 3 and think about that at a subscription pricing level, is rough math, but think about dividing that by 3 and then how does that $100 million that converts over, how does that impact the total company model. And that level of business converting that $100 million of perpetual would be approximately 1 percentage point to growth and 1 percentage point at the company level and 1 percentage point op margin at the company level. So by definition would have an impact to the operating leverage. That math was, we took that into consideration in the model we put forward at Investor Day. To the extent that math plays out, it would really be a function of let's say how fast we turn the dial on the movement on that basket of revenue.
Robert G. Painter: It had, yes, the guidance we gave at Investor Day on the year. Yes, it included Viewpoint and e-Builder.
Robert G. Painter: Transportation, yeah sure. So, on the transportation business, actually the transportation business came in at about our expectations, so I'm not sure, obviously I'm not sure exactly how you modeled it out. In terms of how the let's say the mix played out in the business, for the last couple, well, it's the last two or three quarters now, we talked about the rate of growth that we would expect on a year-over-year basis given the surge in demand we had last year leading up to phase one of the two phases of the ELD mandate. So, that's actually been doing better than we expected so far this year, so the revenue has been ahead of where we expected. So from an overall I'd say level of business, that's been up. In terms of the mix shift, what we start to see and this would reflect in – okay, you don't see the gross margins. But what we saw in the gross margins in the transportation business is more of a shift to the subscription software kicking in and the hardware is a lower margin business at a gross margin level. And as the subscriptions kick in, that's at a higher gross margin. So we did see some mix in the revenue. That would, I would characterize as expected. So from my point of view, it came in about where we expected. Maybe a follow-up you'd want.
