Rob Painter: As we wrap up, I would like to thank the Trimble team and our global dealer partner network for their outstanding efforts throughout 2020. We entered the crisis with an objective to exit the crisis on a stronger competitive footing. I’m proud of our accomplishments in 2020 and the progress and commitment we are making towards our Connect & Scale 2025 strategy. We enter 2021 with increased conviction in our ability to fulfill our mission to “Transform the Way the World Works.” Furthermore, I’d also like to take the opportunity to acknowledge Trimble’s inclusion in the S&P 500 as of January 21, a milestone for Trimble’s growth and global impact. Thank you to our customers, our global dealer partners, and our employees past and present for making this possible. It has been a remarkable 42-year journey as a company, and our best days are yet to come. Operator, let’s please go to Q&A.
Rob Painter: Thanks, Rob. So if we look at the primary products that we offer in the agriculture market today, that would capture guidance, it would capture water management, it would include the variable rates, and then we also have the weed seeker product. So spot spray optimization, and then I would, you know, and then there's the software that we have. And so the strategy we have is the connected farm strategy in agriculture. So, just from an organic view of our product portfolio, we are bullish on the opportunities in agriculture to connect what we're doing together to create additional ROI for our customers. What we'll build on top of that is our autonomy strategy, and we see autonomy as a series of increasing levels of automation over the coming quarters and years to move us really more into that autonomous future. So, we believe we can do a lot of this organically. From an acquisition perspective, you know, we're certainly open if there's acquisitions that could help us accelerate our development and our efforts in any of those, any of those areas.
Rob Painter: Well, we've seen strong double-digit increases in the Weedseeker and the Weedseeker 2. So, yeah, we’ve seen strong increases and really think we're going to see them really for a while. We initially saw that the take rate being very high in South America and then we see that moving around the world.
Rob Painter: So Jason, this is Rob -- at the beginning of the year, we were tracking closer to an inverse of that, because we're really pretty early in the transformation of our enterprise business, so that bookings mix is pretty, actually exceeded our expectations of how quickly it has shifted to subscription offering. And when we do that 80/20 comparison, that’s at a TCV or total contract value levels, right. So, we can do it on an apple-to-apple basis. In terms of measuring the progress of the business and how we measure and look at the proof points in the business, we'll certainly hit on the first one right away, which is the ratio of the of the bookings because that's what we're, you know, the strategy, the end game, from a financial model perspective is to build a recurring offering, and we're talking about the enterprise business because we already have that in our maps business. We already have that in our mobility business, and we really also have that in our shipper business. So, really it's an additive view of moving that direction. And finally, you asked about, you know, additional measures or metrics that we could report in transportation. I think we have an Investor Day. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're going to target for the second half of the year. I think it's – we just have to make sure we get the right ones to tell the right story. I'm as – I think, as much as anything showing proof points, like the customer examples, such as the example that was in one of the slides, is the kind of demonstrable evidence that I want to be able to continue to put forward to our investors.
Rob Painter: The transportation business we see as strategic when we see it as attractive. We think we've got a favorable position and a favorable offering. And, you know, I think we have the, say the coverage of assets in this sector, which I think would be quite enviable from a competitive standpoint. So from the 20% level, that's absolutely the target that we have is to get this segment backup to the, I’ll call it the company level of profitability. In terms of how we measure that, you know, given how much of the business is recurring, we'll also look at it from a customer lifetime value perspective. So, I'll be cautious to be overly dogmatic about the 20% so long as we're continuing to get the bookings and to grow the business – grow the business and get that trajectory. So, the first order of business is to be able to show that demonstrable trajectory, which we said, we feel like we'll be able to do towards the later part of the year, second half of the year. And as we've got that trajectory, I think that's going to give all of us the confidence in what we're doing. And you know, we'll look at measures such as lifetime value divided by the customer acquisition cost, because that's a very indicative measure of how the business progresses. And then from the broader, I’d say strategic lens of it, we'll continue to look at – be open to looking at assets or partnerships that help us further and accelerate the strategy.
Rob Painter: At a high level, it is [Kristin]. What I would augment from a measurement perspective is ARR growth. That is our primary focus of the, you know, the measurements out there. And that interplay, you know, between ARR, and the overall growth is important. So, I'll trade all day long. The top line revenue growth if it's going, if it's moderated because we're accelerating ARR and that's one that I think needs to rise higher in the pecking order.
Rob Painter: Sure, and I'll start by up leveling to the whole segment where we saw the outperformance come from a combination of three things: healthy demand, catch up in work, and the third is new products. So, in Europe, we know we think there's an anticipation of a construction led recovery tax incentives also helped, I should add. In North America, there's residential and from the new product innovation perspective our R12i GNSS receiver and the X7 scanner we think really led demand in all our markets. In North America specifically, and looking at residential, we see that as a near to mid-term catalyst, and then I would, you know, have an anticipation of normalization there. If we were to see, you know, more infrastructure work, then clearly our mix would shift or balance with the residential and infrastructure work. Historically, residential has not been a primary driver of the Trimble business. So, it certainly has been an accelerant, certainly from a percentage standpoint.
Rob Painter: We'll start with the question around cycle, because it tends not to be relevant in the Trimble context. It tends to be, you know, I would associate that to an industrial – a straight industrial context, and the fundamental nature of the markets that we're serving as their large global underserved and under penetrated by technology. So our correlation hasn't historically been very tight to cycles. So, I would really see the Trimble story as a secular story with a cyclical undertone. So, the cycle obviously has an impact, but a secular first cyclical undertone. From an expectation of, I think you asked about recovering turn, recovering business in the transportation market. Yes, we're very optimistic around that. I mean, that's table stakes, frankly. And we look at the pieces we have across the technology, landscape, and transportation, and we think we're in a favorite position. We've got over 90% of the top 100 trucking companies use our technology. We've got over a million powered assets. They're managed in the Trimble network. I look at the set of capabilities we have. We do telematics, video, ERP, maintenance, mapping, routing, navigation, analytics, visibility.  So, we have a strong set of capabilities. I believe it brings scale to the market. And when we look at Connect and Scale applied in the transportation context, that's where I think we've become really unique as if we can sell [outcome], we look at the bundled offerings. And then not only bundled offerings, but where we can provide unique value by stitching together our products. And that's actually why we put that slide as an example of Trimble dispatch advisor because into the slides is because that's an example where we're pulling capabilities across our tech stack into a uniquely Trimble – and to a unique Trimble offering. So, I hope that helps – give you context and let me know if I missed something.
Rob Painter: And Jerry, from acceleration perspective, within the business, I look at Buildings and Infrastructure and Transportation. So within Buildings and Infrastructure, you know, we're talking about our building construction businesses accelerating the subscription transformations there. We mentioned in transportation, for example, the 80/20, booking split subscription to perpetual that we're seeing in the enterprise business right now. So, there I would call those the model conversions that are accelerating. And, you know, that's separate from businesses that you already know, like the viewpoints in builders and construction that continue to demonstrate strong growth. And then the last thing I would mention is, on the hardware side, you know, we are in very early days, but you know, early days of the – essentially it’s the hard ways of service, we call it Trimble platform as a service in the civil construction phase.
Rob Painter: Hey Jerry, I characterize our M&A pipeline as being open for business. We have the confidence to assert our strategy, and we have the balance sheet to support it. As it relates to the, I’d say the opportunities themselves within the pipeline. I would say they're decent. I wouldn't say they're like overly robust. And on the other side there, you know, it's also not non-existent. So, I'd say it's a decent pipeline. And when we look at that pipeline, we certainly have a bias. You know, we think about that with a bias, well it’s more than a bias, the imperative is to support the Connect and Scale strategy. The bias, then within supporting the strategy is certainly towards software assets. But David also mentioned, you know, from a – linking it to capital allocation, where we're spending on the digital transformation, we look at capabilities and cloud, we look at capabilities and autonomy, for example. And so autonomy is another area that I would, you know put on that list, and I wouldn't – it doesn't classically define a software.
Rob Painter: Hey, Rick. Organic ARR was actually up a little bit. We should have a business, but yeah, organics improved a little bit.
Rob Painter: Nope. I'm pulling out the business. Hey, Rick, if you just be careful, you're looking at the 14th week impact. Because the recurring revenue, just take that piece of the P&L. That has an 8% impact.
Rob Painter: Yeah. So organic was up 7 in the Q4, and we said we'd end the year, our guidance is high-single-digits. So, faster than we are now, sequentially improving through the year for all the reasons I mentioned: organic growth of our existing offerings, the transitions and improvement of transportation.
Rob Painter: Yeah, you've got the key factors. So, the conversions are there. And then OpEx, as I mentioned, is growing faster than revenue. Some of that is just replacing costs that that sort of naturally came out during the COVID period. So, we will have higher incentive compensation expense. We anticipate that we’ll begin to travel later in the year. A lot of the things we do normally including hiring were really low. And we are investing, as Rob said in the cloud and digital transformation. And then I'll add that part of the OpEx increase is FX because the U.S. dollars weaken. So, over half of our business is outside the U.S. so that naturally causes OpEx to grow.
Rob Painter: Hi Jonathan, I see it in a few areas. One would be through innovation. And so an example we talked about in geospatial is with the R12i and the X7, so the right demonstrable evidence that the investment in R&D is producing new products. And we've seen that in Ag with Weedseeker. As an example, we've seen it in Buildings and Infrastructure with the model conversions, a lot of innovation actually happening there and creating some derivative opportunities in areas such as analytics, for example. And the other place where I see us coming out of – stronger is from an organizational culture perspective. Okay, that's hard to, let's say, measure as it relates to share gains or the other aspects. But I really think when you look at our employee engagement it's in a very strong place. We look at the retention of our people. We're doing well there. We look at – I talked to – used an example in the prepared remarks around how we've ranked in diversity and inclusion score. So, we see the culture in a strong place. And then from a share gain aspect, how all of this relates to, let's say, share gains in our competitive position, it's – I have to admit it's notoriously difficult to be very specific on share gains in our markets. It's just really not a lot of good data. So, you can't – you really can't find like the singular report that's going to tell you all of this. So certainly, we're looking at our results, compared to competitive results. We see how – we look at our win/loss ratios and the businesses that we have, and they indicate to us that we're maintaining or gaining share across the business.
Rob Painter: Yeah. It's a good question, Jonathan. And we'll keep including examples from now on to show you these proof points around Connect & Scale. Like an example, we didn't put in the deck this quarter is a construction example. So, we sold two in our 400 customers a bundled offering last year. And in both of those examples, we were able to increase ARR 30% with each of those customers by virtue of creating a – essentially a one Trimble offering, making it a lot easier to do business with us. I mean that's the kind of – that's the evidence, as it were, of where we're going and why we're doing this. We see where we're going with Connect & Scale, giving us an ability to better connect the products we have to streamline customer experience and handoffs between the products and the workflows. That expands the value proposition of our offering. It increases and improves the user experience of the products. And along the way, we'll enhance our customer success operations to drive a deeper intimacy with our customers. And we believe that's going to provide our customers better value. They'll get that productivity, quality, safety, visibility, and sustainability out of using our solutions, and that's going to unlock ARR potential. I'll close by saying when we – as we prepared our plans for the year and looking at our strategies and our connected strategies, we're looking at the ARR opportunity from cross-selling and upselling and bundling. And we believe there's a lot of opportunity within our house.
Rob Painter: Well, there's no question that we're spending more on cybersecurity. It's – these are the kind of existential issues that all of us in technology businesses face as we manage our customers' systems of record. So, it's incredibly important that we are world-class in the area of cybersecurity. Our spend is really OpEx. It's not CapEx-oriented today. It's primarily our own teams, but we will use third parties to do intrusion detection for an example – or it's best practice. So, we follow best practices, what you want to do with external firms. Of course, we use a lot of external technology but, right, you pay for that on an OpEx basis. It's not capitalized. The last thing I would say around the area of cyber is, as many threats as it provides, we also see it as an opportunity to distinguish ourselves. And the scope, the scale, the breadth of Trimble, we see as an advantage here because this is something customers are increasingly having to look at. And our ability to manage at scale and at this level of sophistication outstrips the ability of a smaller company to keep up and actually draw parallel to things like GDPR. And these are expensive endeavors, and our scale helps in that aspect of it.
David Barnes: Hi, [Kristin] it’s David Barnes. So, as you pointed out, a meaningful portion of the increase in year-on-year operating expenditure will be really centered on the Connect and Scale strategy. So, we have a major initiative underway to accelerate our digital transformation. There’s technology and process changes that will enable us to fulfill the potential we have to sell integrated offerings to customers, and we have a major push there. So, our CapEx, which was in the past two years more focused on facilities is this year very much focused on digital transformation, and cloud infrastructure as well, which will enable us to enhance our position as a world-class provider, integrated cloud based services. So that's where the focus of our investment is.
David Barnes: Yeah, hey, James. It’s David. Part of what you saw with the perpetual business is, we had meaningful slowdown in earlier quarters, as you'll know. So there's – some of that is catch up on projects that were delayed. Overall, the perpetual sales will obviously be – there will be pressure on that from the subscription transition. So, over time, in many of our businesses, the significant majority, we will be selling recurring rather than perpetual licenses for those businesses where a recurring model is viable.
David Barnes: Hi Chad, it’s David. The 150 basis points is more than 2020, probably about half again more. So, we're closer to 100 basis points. And that does reflect that in some of the businesses where there's a clear near term opportunity to make the transition. We anticipate making major progress this year. A little early to call [2022] on that. So, I'll resist the temptation, although we are, at that point getting past the valley for many of the subscription businesses, and we'll see more revenue uptick from that than we will this year.
David Barnes: Hey, Jerry, I'll do the second question first, and then hand it over to rob. So, I think I've got your question, right. The 150 basis points, what we're saying there is that if we weren't doing the next round of transitions, our revenue would be 150 basis points higher, and that nearly all flows to operating income, because the margin is very high.
David Barnes: Yeah. Gal, it's David. The biggest driver of deferred revenue and backlog is the growth of our recurring businesses. It's not a – it's actually – yes, it's not a meaningful change in the duration of contracts.
David Barnes: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add is that some of this is by designer, reflecting the mix shift of the business to more standardized offerings that require less professional services. But that said, what Rob said, some of our professional services business was highly constrained because we couldn't get access to the customer. So, it's a mix of both.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey Blake, it's David. This is definitely a multi-year effort. And I'll say of the OpEx increase that you can interpolate from our guidance, somewhere around $100 million year-on-year, about a quarter is in the broad category of the strategic investments, which is cloud infrastructure, digital transformation and autonomy. And we've got a lot of conviction around this. This is not all entirely incremental. We started this effort. It was more within divisions or pieces of the business, and now it's a company-wide effort. What we're doing is developing playbook with standard processes that enable cross-selling and a common digital experience across the business. We'll course-correct to see how well it goes. We've got a phased implementation process, but I do see this investment extending beyond this year.
