Steven W. Berglund: Yes, and I think they were assuming that the sequester effect will hang around into the second half of the year, but we think that other parts of the business can take up the slack. So I would say GIS will struggle through the entire year. We generally don't talk much about GIS, but it is a comparable sizable business, quite profitable, but it is very much tied to government sources of funding, not just in the U.S., but around the world. So I think there is some ability for GIS to come back internationally outside of the U.S. But I think that we have to assume that GIS will probably struggle for the year because I think funding sources, whether they be federal, state or local, are probably suspiciously absent for them. So I think we've already assumed that. I think survey, which is also exposed, we're not assuming, let's call, a strong comeback. But I think that there is, again, there are international markets, there are places outside of the U.S. that we anticipate some recovery. And we also -- there was the combined effect, both in North America and in Europe, weather seems to be an easy cop-out, but in reality, the weather conditions really gave us arguably the harshest winter in Europe in 40 or 50 years and with some parts of the U.S. that wasn't too far from that. So we'll get some bounce as surveyors and others can get out in the field. But we're not -- the second half forecast is not really based on the sequester going away, and magically, I think it's getting better. We do expect a strong comeback in ag because we do believe that it was largely weather-related in North America in effect, and as I've said, as the international growth there was strong. Building construction is, seems to be gaining momentum and so we're anticipating growth there. And in heavy construction, we did not have a typical quarter for it either. A lot of that related to weather as well. And -- but we are gaining traction in the SITECH distribution channel. So we expect those factors to offset what's called the sequester effects, which, to some extent, have been baked into our original view of the world. I think the effects were stronger than we anticipated. And then we have the Mobile Solutions side providing some relative momentum as well. So we think that in the back half, we can compensate for any lingering sequester effects is the bottom line here.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So we're not particularly exposed directly to mining. Part of the arrangement with Caterpillar, now going back to the first JV, which is more than 10 years ago, was that we don't market machine control for mining increment directly to the mining company. So it is not a direct market for us. Where we're seeing the effects, primarily in Australia and South Africa at this point in time as mines generally require roads and infrastructure being put into service for mines. And so that's where we're seeing the effects. It's not so much directly from the mines themselves, but the secondary effects of the infrastructure being put in to support the mines. So that was not an easy call to say when that will pass. I think there is a general consensus that there is an election in Australia in the second half of the year. There are a lot of projects, not mining related, but infrastructure projects that seem to be lined up, waiting for approval in Australia. And depending on what the election -- how the election turns out, a lot of those might be released later in the year. But we're not counting on the, what's called the -- an early revival in mining. But the effects are also secondary, not primary.
Steven W. Berglund: I think compared to the first quarter, just as we had what was uncommon for us in the first quarter, was a -- talking about multiple businesses struggling. I think it can be said as that in the first few weeks of April that most of the businesses that had difficulties, including survey, for example, in the first quarter are showing early strength in the second quarter compared to where we were after a few weeks in January. So it's pretty much across the board.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think I'll let you do the arithmetic. You got the first quarter, we've given guidance for the second quarter and we're basically, when we talk about meeting the profile for the back half of the year as being consistent with what we said in January, that would tend to imply that we believe the second half of the year will be in the realm of 10% to 15% we had implied in January. So I think the arithmetic is comparatively straightforward.
Steven W. Berglund: That's certainly an internally logical question. But I think it's just the factors that, okay, we're stating a belief in our expectations that our numbers roll off to for the second half of the year. I think the environment is still uncertain in terms of lingering effects of this, that or the other thing. And so I think that our first priority is to secure the financial model. And to secure the financial model, we've taken cost out. We've had a reduction in force already. We have cut back on discretionary spending just to ensure that whatever happened does happen the second quarter and in the second half of the year, that we're not compromising the financial model of the company. So if by implication, as if we do indeed do what we say we're going to do relative to revenue in the second half, that's going -- well, we've more or less secured as an upside bottom line on a scenario in the second half. But let's just call it the precautionary on our part and our commitment to securing the financial model, and just recognizing that the environment remains uncertain and preparing ourselves for just about anything.
Steven W. Berglund: And parenthetically, I think relative to Bauma, Bauma is a trade show where you are allowed to sell off the floor. The environment at Bauma was first of all, robust. And we had a good selling show off the floor in Bauma. Hopefully, that's indicative of the market, but -- so there'll be both, hopefully, a revenue kicker, as well as a cost kicker.
Steven W. Berglund: Okay. So I think first of all, in terms of construction, outside of kind of a survey, which is related to construction, if kind of a sequester environment hangs on through full year -- okay, we're likely to see some effects in particularly heavy civil. The U.S. has been underinvesting in infrastructure for some period of time and okay, at some point, Congress and the President are going to have to deal with that. So I think there's a longer-term issue here just in terms of underinvestment and probably, every individual in Washington will acknowledge that the country is underinvested in infrastructure, they simply cannot find an effective mechanism to deal with it. But I think -- and so I would say for beyond the effects of survey, I would say that the sequester is not yet a primary consideration for construction. What we are seeing both in the U.S. and internationally relative to construction, let's call it vertical construction, the construction of structures, is a relatively -- well, it's an improving environment. Again, it's nothing like 2006 or 2007. Maybe we'll never see those times again, but it is certainly better than the last 4 or 5 years that we've seen. So there are projects, there is a strong desire to invest in technology because the economics in construction still remain pretty Darwinian, is that for any kind of project comes up, the number of competing contractors for that project are likely to be 3x what you would've seen in say, 2007, 2008. So on the face of it, the economics are pretty brutal and contractors really have to cut deep in order to get the bid, which makes the technology very attractive both on the infrastructure side and on the vertical construction side. And really, I think the market premise for us is that only those contractors who embrace the technology will get the advantages, and therefore, be able to compete effectively in this fairly brutal market. So I think there is going to be a recognition that this is no longer nice to have but is absolutely vital, whether that be them or whether it'd be machine control or whether it'd be what we call the connected construction sites. So I think putting in, in jeopardy more sorts of terms, I think the crossing of the causal events is occurring now. And I think that it's getting a -- if I were -- opinion for it, I would say it would be a tidal wave of change in construction but there might be rhetorical overkill. But I think what we're seeing here is a fundamental change in the marketplace, and I think it will ultimately lead to kind of a restructuring in construction. But so I think there's a strong secular force towards the technology becoming a requirement not just, again, a nice to have. And I think that the market from the commercial and residential side, the market is continuing to heal. The market's continuing to start to show more, maybe more animal spirits, I think, projects are coming online, projects are being funded, projects are being initiated, which is where we come in. So I think the environment is improving, but I think there is another realm relative to the technology that's growing independent of the market conditions.
Steven W. Berglund: So I think it shifts the seasonality from the first quarter into the second quarter. If we start talking the third quarter, we're talking about probably subsidy in plant size and such. But I think last year, for example, we had an elongated season where it started early and continued -- so we got an early start last year, so it's actually longer than normal last year. I think this year, it has been -- it'll be a much more truncated process where farmers just haven't been able to get out into the field until maybe the last week or so in a serious fashion in North America. So I think it'll be, let's call it more activity in a shorter period of time, but I don't think it necessarily gets -- the back end doesn't necessarily get extended out. I think there's going to be a whole lot more activity in the second quarter whereas it would historically have happened in the first quarter and the second quarter.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so we're talking specifically about China and Brazil, is China certainly grew for us in the quarter. It grew significantly in E&C, but GIS actually struggled a bit in China in addition to North America. It struggled a bit in China. But overall, China grew for us. So I think China is going through something of a transition at this point in time. There's a lot of discussion about their macroeconomic situation. I think more to the point for us, whether they -- China grows at 3% or 7% or some other number doesn't necessarily make a whole lot of difference to us because it's more or less unbounded penetration potential. So I think the macroeconomics don't necessarily matter all that much to us in terms of where there's 1 number versus another. I think that there -- what we've seen for maybe the last year in China is with the change in government, both pre leading up to it and now, I think after the change in government occurred, things are still sorting out. So what we're seeing is certain things like relatively slow payment on projects simply because a new regime is taking place. So I think from our standpoint, China's taking a little bit of a pause. It did grow for us in the quarter year-to-year and we -- our fundamental outlook hasn't changed on China. But in terms of kind of gearing up and going on new projects, that is still in kind of a transition phase. I think that will sort itself out over the next 3 to 6 months. So China's still fundamentally a positive for us. Brazil also grew for us year-to-year, maybe heavy emphasis on agriculture in Brazil. Brazil is one of the prime markets for agriculture. It is becoming more and more important for us from an E&C perspective as Brazil, I think in the last few years, has gone to understand that its economic growth is going to be limited if it does not invest in infrastructure. So I would say that there is a significant commitment, newfound commitment in Brazil for infrastructure build, which will serve us. I think again, kind of maybe something of a parallel story to China, but kind of the Brazilian economy seems to be going through a bit of a hiatus at this point in time, struggling a little bit to kind of refine the significant growth rates that they've had until fairly recently. But for us, agriculture is a booming market for E&C infrastructure. There's a commitment to build infrastructure, so over the next few years, Brazil should be a very strong market for us on E&C as well. So we're bullish on both countries. Whatever the macroeconomics are, we think we've got a growth path in both countries.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think it's a combination of both. So certainly, we're not expecting a transformation either for GIS, which will continue to be a problem for the total year probably, nor survey, which will probably recover in the second half of the year but I think within limits. I think we're looking at construction, so there's a -- there are clear trends for it. We're looking to agriculture to recover in the second half of the year pretty strongly. We're looking at the Mobile Solutions to continue whether it's become a secular trend there. So I think that the changes in strategy, for example, things like SITECH, things like the verticalization of -- that we've undertaken in construction will show progression, will add some momentum. But probably, the numbers are still kind of small enough as they may not move the needle. The other thing lurking in the background, which, given the issues of first quarter, didn't seem worthy to really articulate, that some of these smaller businesses that are operating in what we call the emerging businesses, things like railroads where we put a -- over the last few years, we put a significant corporate focus on railroads. Our sales to railroads, whether it be the Ministry of Rail in China, whether it be Doichiban [ph], whether it be some of the big southern in U.S., whether it be light rail in any number of cities, our sales of railroads in the first quarter were up very strong, approaching triple digits in year-to-year in first quarter. Small numbers but starting to add momentum. And I think we can start to point to what's called maybe not equal in traction from a numerical standpoint, but we can start to point to traction in categories like electrical utilities, like water management, like forestry, some of these smaller businesses that we're helping to become kind of franchise businesses for us. So those are adding momentum, not necessarily enough to kind of really be talking points in terms of moving the needle, but they are starting to add positive momentum to the underlying story of the company.
Steven W. Berglund: No. So -- I mean Monsanto is pursuing a, call it -- or is articulating, let's call, a large strategy. I would say they got no effect on our first quarter. I mean it is -- they are not yet a factor in the precision agriculture market. And in reality, I think that the Monsanto larger question about the future of ag probably is more of a 3- to 5-year sort of question in terms of as agriculture becomes, let's call, a bigger -- big data sort of opportunity. I think that's what Monsanto and others are putting in us for that matter, are talking about here. But so I don't think Monsanto's not a factor in the first quarter at all.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, we're a mix of selling factory installed units and the aftermarket. And I articulated relative to the kind of the breakdown by product category to at least indirectly deal with that point, is the upscale products, the automatic items are -- where the system takes control of the steering, takes control of the throttle, as well as information into our products, we're comparatively strong. Those did grow meaningful double digits in the quarter, which would be largely related -- let's call it the factor that would relate to kind of keeping OEM as an indicator. That will be consistent where we had issues where the more aftermarket-centric products, the annual guidance where it's essentially self-install, it doesn't control the steering but simply gives the operator kind of turn left, turn right queues. That, I think, is much more of a box sell. A farmer walks into a feed store or some other form of retail potentially locked up with a box under his or her arm and then self-installs. Well, when they're not in the field, they're not motivated to do that. So I would say it's actually -- it may not appear instantly. I would say our results are actually consistent with what others are reporting at this point.
Steven W. Berglund: We don't disclose by country, but kind of net change to our original guidance to what we actually produce, the effect Australia and South Africa accounted for clearly a portion of the mix.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, and the fact is when I talk about -- when I say that ag outside of North America grew at over 30%, there are really -- you look at kind of 3 places. It's the old standbys of Australia and Brazil and then Europe is becoming a significant factor there as well. So ag did grow in Australia. It did grow in Brazil and it did grow in Europe.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. Again, we kind of talk about segments, we don't talk about any individual revenue by geography. And let's just say it's a -- the international has become a very significant portion of agriculture.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I mean I think, again, we're -- telling it segment level and not necessarily providing guidance by segment either. I think, yes, the 41% year-to-year growth was, obviously, a lot of that was acquisition. But organically, these businesses are growing nicely. And so I would say even as we lap the acquisitions, we should still see some significant growth going into kind of the anniversary events.
Steven W. Berglund: I said -- I think I used the word significant. So we'll articulate more when we get to those anniversary dates.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think there is a primary and a -- yes, there's a primary effect and then there's a secondary effect. The primary effect is comparatively easy to see. The secondary effect, when it comes to both survey and GIS, is harder to determine whether it's sequester or whether it's just simply a lack of local funding or some interplay between the 2. So I think that our relative forecast, in the second half, we think is conservative and is -- assumes that the sequester effects continue to remain. So I think that in -- so I think there's 1 scenario the sequester seems to start to paint, and there seems -- if it -- the sequester affects -- or at least the uncertainty related to the sequester effects are -- anticipated by the end of the second quarter, I think the first -- the second half takes on 1 characteristic. If the uncertainty discontinues into the second half, it takes on a different set of characteristics. So right now, we believe that second half of the year essentially is the conservative sequester lingers into the second half of the year. There are a number of U.S. federal agencies that are saying we're simply shutdown in terms of new buying until -- through June. We'll talk to you again in July. Now, that would seem to indicate that there's been, let's just call it an initial reaction, which is simply figuring it out but doing nothing while they figure it out. So sequester doesn't mean that the funding has evaporated, but there seems to be a relative state of paralysis, in many cases, in terms of how to deal with it. So I think the uncertainty -- even if the sequester remains, I think there will be a decline in uncertainty. People will start, in the government, will start to figure out how to do business under sequester. I don't know that they've done that yet. And so I think there will be a decline in uncertainty, which will improve the situation somewhat as a level of uncertainty starts to return to the marketplace even in a diminished state. If the sequester is refunded, okay, that kind of leads into a different realm. But I think what we're basically assuming is if the sequester remains, that there will be greater less uncertainty as people actually figure out how to operate within sequester with the diminished funding levels. But there will be some funding available again at a diminished level.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I suppose in a whimsical fashion, I could say is, I guess, the first quarter proved that we have not yet become a high-visibility company in terms of what's coming at us. So, yes. So I think there's certainly our -- with close to $200 million of deferred revenue in the balance sheet, that element is becoming much more predictable. But statistically, we're still very much a book-and-burn business. And so I think call -- I think it would be too early for me to declare us to become a more predictable company in that regard, yes. Things like Mobile Solutions, even E&C, are becoming more of a backlog business for as we engage more and more with the -- at the enterprise level with large customers, we're getting -- we're changing what's called the tempo of -- or I suppose, the tempo of how we're doing business. So we, in some senses, we're getting better at visibility as we get into more and more key accounts into the mix. But there is still a very large portion of the business. The majority of the business is still basically hundreds of thousands of transactions, worth of hundreds of thousands of practitioners or companies. And so there's still a volatile element here. So I think it's too early to declare us as becoming a more of a backlog with predictability sort of business. It is moving in that direction, but it's still a -- we're still fundamentally a book-and-burn business.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I think that's probably the safest way to view Advanced Devices. It will have its moments. It's the remnants of what is the kind of the true OEM portion of the business. And so it will have spikes, it will have its quarters, we just had 1 of those. But I think overall, it is a relatively quiet, profit-producing, cash-producing business and unlikely to take on, let's call it secular growth characteristics. So I would say kind of viewing it as part of the background as a relatively flattish, steady-ish growth business, is probably the right way to view it.
Steven W. Berglund: No closing remarks other than to say talk to you next quarter, hopefully, a better quarter. Thank you.
Rajat Bahri: The big hit in Bauma, it's not as big as I mentioned that -- so but the Q2 revenue for E&C should be higher than Q1 as some of construction picks up. So I expect that the margins of E&C should improve from Q1 to Q2. Both trend factors should be higher revenue, and then as Steve mentioned, we have taken some precautionary cost measures as well. And so Bauma, yes, Bauma, just to give you that rough number, maybe a couple of million dollars expense in Q2.
Rajat Bahri: So organic means, as we said, organic growth rate is probably going to be in the low single-digits in the first quarter.
Rajat Bahri: Yes, for the rest of the quarter, used -- for the rest of the year is I used 16% to 18%. And we got a full benefit of last year in our Q1 tax rate because of the legislation was retroactive to January of last year. So in other words, roughly 4 points of benefit -- 4 to 5 points of benefit because of that in the Q1 tax rate, which will not repeat itself in Q2.
Rajat Bahri: Yes, I think as I said, gross margin should continue to inch up every year as our software businesses and our subscription businesses, which tend to have high gross margin, are becoming a bigger part of our portfolio. So we do expect that phenomenon to play out throughout the year. Our gross margin should be higher versus last year.
Eli S. Lustgarten: Just a couple of tax things. How much was the R&D tax credit in the quarter? Because I think I missed it. And what tax rate should we be using for the full year? I know you said 16% to 18% this second quarter.
Eli S. Lustgarten: And the question I -- the ag business, I understand the domestic side, I know we don't worry about that. How big a business -- as it seem quite -- how big a business is Brazil for ag at this point? Could that business should just take off like crazy? I mean Brazil's ag is very, very strong.
Eli S. Lustgarten: And the portion that's not -- non-North American ag would be 1/4 of the business or something like that? That would...
Eli S. Lustgarten: Yes, okay. Because I mean the strength should be quite good and U.S. should catch up. There's no reason why [indiscernible] in that business. And in Mobile Solutions, I guess the acquisitions are driving most of it. Do you have any idea -- you said some idea what the underlying organic growth in that business and we're going to anniversary the acquisition shortly. I just wonder if that what we should be expecting for the rest of the year there.
