Steven Berglund: Good afternoon. The third quarter was consistent with the second quarter, in that it provided a sense of confidence about medium-term prospects and the state of the financial model. This momentum was demonstrated in our three most strategically important segments: E&C, Field Solutions, and Mobile Solutions. Our results, of course, contrast to the current negative public commentary about the macroeconomic environment. But, we are seeing more deliberation on major buying decisions as a result of headline negativism. We have not seen signs that point to a meaningful market slowdown, although a few of our markets have not yet recovered from the last recession and represent more upside than downside. The strong revenue growth in E&C reflected both strong organic growth and the Tekla acquisition. Profitability for the segment was distorted because of short-term purchase accounting effects associated with the acquisition and did not fully reflect the revenue profile. Although we saw continuing strong growth in heavy and highway in the quarter, we also saw continuing improvements in survey instruments and other businesses in the segment. These improvements in E&C were delivered in spite of a commercial and residential construction – parts of Europe. Slower sales in China related to the recent problems specific to railway construction and the slower, more deliberate decision-making process by some of our customers. The Tekla transition continues to progress, and we are increasingly engaged in the market with the BIM 5D and BIM to Field offering that includes Tekla, the Accubid, and QuickPen products, our build construction products and the products from our joint venture with Hilti. This product range provides a contractor with significant potential to lower costs. The Field Solutions segment once again demonstrated a strong year-to-year growth, with contributions from both agriculture and GIS. The agricultural performance was driven by continuing strength in the agricultural economy around the world as well as – and expanding product range. GIS, although still negatively impacted by budgetary constraints at the state and local level, reflects the effects of new products and early results of greater focus on vertical markets. The Mobile Solutions segment’s quarterly results provide an inflection point compared to the recent past. One reason for the positive change is the rework of the business model over the last profitability. Another reason is more significant and is the redirection of the portfolio towards vertical markets, both through acquisition and the selective pruning of the existing subscriber portfolio. The core vertical markets reported in this segment are forestry, construction supply, transportation and logistics, communications, environmental, field services, and public safety. Our industry-focused emphasis is to move beyond broad-dot-on-a-map horizontal functionality, to add specific value and the capabilities that are relevant to these industries such as safety, diagnostics, and our 5D solutions. By providing this increased value, we will be able to both create competitive differentiation and expand gross margin. Mobile Solutions segment profitability was reestablished in the quarter, and we believe we have a path to a significant expansion of segment profitability in 2012. Beyond improved profitability, we are taking steps to establish a unique worldwide strategic position. We have enhanced our original base business with the recent acquisitions of PeopleNet, Punch Telematix in Europe, Tata Automotive Mobility Technologies in India, and Yamei in China. These provide us both access to growth markets as well as substantial scale. The Advanced Devices segment results recovered as expected from first half performance based on strong performance from Applanix. We have additional future upside potential within the segment as ThingMagic, which was acquired in 2010, integrates into Trimble product offerings and begins to produce profits. In summary, we believe we remain on track to exceed our stated financial targets for the entire year, with momentum carrying us into next year. Our outlook for 2012 is positive, and we expect solid double-digit revenue and earnings growth. On the one hand, this view assumes that the economy does not decline dramatically. On the other hand, it does not assume any meaningful recovery in the commercial and residential construction market. If that were to occur, it could provide meaningful additional upside. Let’s turn the call over to Raj.
Steven Berglund: But, it will tend to be more – well, ag is getting a foothold in some of those regions as well but it’s primarily an E&C, construction-oriented show at this point in time. But, with the build-out of Mobile Solutions as well as, let’s call it, a number of new agricultural footholds – maybe not so much in the next 12 months but over the next two, three years, we’d expect them to start to put up some numbers in new regions around the world.
Steven Berglund: So at this point in time, I don’t think – I may have to look at my watch today to make sure I’m being accurate here. But I don’t think there is a – I think the – let’s call it, the reaction of, let’s call it, exposure to euro concerns and all the rest of it. I don’t think it’s of the same magnitude as it was three years ago. As of three years ago, September 15, it was very much the same as September 11, 2001. There was an instant precipitous step function drop in demand where every – kind of three years ago, every CEO in the world I think went in on that Monday morning and said, I want to see all expenditure requests and oh by the way, I’m not approving any of them. I think it was a step function and it was precipitous. I would characterize the environment at the moment as being one where, okay, there is some more deliberation, people are scratching their heads and saying, okay, do I really want to put out the money? But ultimately, they’re still spending. So I would say that the two years do contrast with each other and this one is much less severe than it was three years ago. So it’s – yeah, it’s different. I’m not saying that it couldn’t end up being the same thing (inaudible) but I think it is a different environment today as compared to three years ago.
Steven Berglund: Well, let me make a general comment and then maybe Raj can speak to – of the numbers. So there was a significant organic component in the European growth in the quarter. Some of it was primarily the Tekla effect in the quarter. But I would say Europe is – breaks down into a number of different cases. We have got Mediterranean Europe obviously which is suffering and I’d, for the moment, include Ireland as part of Mediterranean Europe. Then you’ve got what I’d call Nordic and Germany which are actually still quite reasonable, quite strong. France is in between, U.K. is a little in between. So I’d say it all comes down to cases within Europe. But I would for the moment say we wouldn’t necessarily anticipate, based on recent news here, wouldn’t anticipate a change in the fourth quarter at least yet, but I think Nordic in particular is relatively strong and Germany is relatively strong and I wouldn’t necessarily expect that to change here in the short term the rest is so-so.
Steven Berglund: Okay. So, I would say in – our position has been pretty much unchanged for quite a while which is if we generate cash, the primary priority would be to use it within the business. So, I’d say if we could beneficially make an acquisition that would enhance the strategy of the company and ultimately create shareholder value. That’ll be the first priority. I think this environment – well, first of all, I think that the last year or two the acquisition environment has changed from the standpoint, there are more assets that have become available in the last 12 to 24 months than seemed to have been available before. So, whether it be private equity assets coming out of that form of ownership or longstanding family owners of businesses that have kind of resolved that – okay, there may not be a whole lot of value enhancement possibility over the next few years and therefore putting their assets on the market. I would say is that the availability of assets has probably changed in the last 12 to 24 months. Clearly, we’ve demonstrated some level of appetite for those. So I would say it is really no change from the fundamentals on our part and maybe a somewhat improved environment for gaining access to assets. So I would say is our profile will remain relatively unchanged when it comes to acquisitions.
Steven Berglund: No. Don’t think so. I think if we’re going to be exposed to the Thai flooding from a supply chain, it’s going to be effects deep in the bill of materials. We haven’t been able to identify any, let’s call it, primary or even secondary suppliers that have been significantly affected. We may not have visibility yet. Anyway, there may be deeper in the bill of materials. There may be components or modules that may end up in short supply but thus far it either has had a minimal effect on us or will have a minimal effect on us or it is not yet seen. But so far, and we’ve asked the question, so far we seem to be coming through the Thai supply chain issue in reasonably good shape. And as a result I wouldn’t necessarily expect to see any (inaudible) through the competitive dynamics at least in the markets in which we participate.
Steven Berglund: Sure. So I think, the company – aside from the accounting nuances Raj spoke of, the company is performing very much as expected. They are a quality company. They have long – long before they knew us put emphasis on financial performance, so their margin structure is actually quite strong. And so far, I think that in terms of what they’ve been delivering from financial performance standpoint has been very much in line and as I said, we have been very much encouraged, let’s call it, on a collaborative strategic basis how quickly Tekla and the rest of Trimble have found each other and whether it be joint selling or concepts of collaborative products going forward and all of that I think has contributed to, let’s call it, a great deal of optimism over the next two, three years in terms of what can be accomplished by the combination. In terms of short term expectations, I think Tekla would one of the cases where – let’s call it, they are encountering a little bit more of the deliberative decision making. So, while still – while the word is still growth for them, I think maybe there’s been a little bit of, let’s call it, a more deliberative time consuming process involved with them. Many times they’re selling into large accounts and I think I’d call slower, not – the business isn’t disappearing, it’s just taking a bit longer to land. So I would say the fundamentals are still very positive. They are seeing some of that deliberative decision making but what we still see is a worldwide expansion and a growth environment for them. So, still very much consistent with what we expected to see when we made the acquisition. 
Steven Berglund: Well, I think it’s too early to talk much about last year. It was October last year where we put the kind of, I guess, we used the words neighborhood of 20% growth down for 2011. Okay, we’re doing that. I think given the environment we’re going to be a little careful. I think certainly with what everything we can see and kind of the early target setting within the company, we’re certainly expecting double digit growth, but just how much of it. I think acquisitions of these – the partial-year effects (inaudible) full-year effects from some of these acquisitions will certainly kind of be gravy or frosting on the cake relative to next year. But I think discussions about next year are at least three months premature at this point. So we’ll see what’s happening with the overall economy but certainly Tekla is going to be one of the net-net contributors both legitimately and through the accounting effects next year.Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company: Great, thank you.
Steven Berglund: Yeah. I’m going to have to do this kind of – I’m not sure I’ve got – nor the access to a whole lot of data on the subject but let me give you my impression. So I think what happened in latter part of 2008 and early part of 2009, without a doubt there was what’s called the dealers bled off a whole lot of inventory in the fourth quarter of 2008 and first quarter of 2009. And my belief is that that never came back and this is a positive. This is demonstrating let’s call it improved operations and greater trust in Trimble to deliver. So I don’t think those inventories ever came back to close to what they were in the latter of 2008. So I think yeah contrasting the two environments, I suspect is that net dealer inventory in the channel is meaningfully less than it was in 2008. Again, I don’t have data specific to that but that would be my sense but I don’t think there is any inventory overhang in the channel at all. I think people learned their lessons back in 2008 and made sure that they never – that they implemented those lessons. So I don’t think there is any concern on our part about channel inventory at this point in time.
Steven Berglund: Yeah. So, I think the core concept in the company is really this concept we keep talking about of operating leverages. We run all the businesses in the company to this concept of operating leverage, which is okay, how much of our incremental revenue dollar are they dropping to the operating income line and the designated target for the whole company is 25%. That will vary from business to business. So, I think the rough formulation would be out of every dollar, with a 50% gross margin, they on average would put 25% back into either channel development, marketing and sales, or R&D; hopefully, not G&A. And so, I think that would be the longer-term expectation going forward. Now, what is happening, in large part because of the acquisitions, is the structure of the company is changing somewhat, is the growth margin is tending to increase as we get more and more software content into the company. And, as a result, the OpEx as a percentage of revenue is probably tending to be a bit higher, still aiming for the net result of 25% incremental on the operating line. But, it is a strong ethic within the company as to leverage revenue growth into the bottom-line and at the same time is also encouraging people to think about developing their businesses internationally and extending the product line. So, we’re attempting to find the right balance between building out the channel and expanding the product line. And so, the sub-concept to 25% operating leverage I think is the key concept that we use and that we would expect to be held accountable to.
Steven Berglund: Sure. So, the SITECH still continue to be built out. Actually, for the moment, I forget the exact number but the total number that we are expecting to have is somewhere around the 105 or something when we’re completely built out. We are putting them in place at a fairly rapid rate. So, I would say that the expectation still by the end of the year is to have the SITECH network pretty much built out. There’ll be some gaps on the map. But, if you look at the map, it’s getting to be reasonably well covered, and then there’s an in-between category that will probably be the last to flip over to SITECH. There are actually nine Caterpillar dealerships that have been – sorry, Trimble dealers for a number of years that have not yet converted to SITECH but if you look at those already completed, plus those nine, we are 70-plus-percent complete at this point in time, and by the end of the year, we should be substantially complete. So, I think that it’s getting pretty close to – we’re going to have a steady state model here, I think, around the end of the year with a little bit of additional build-out yet to come, but by the end of the year, it will be substantially complete. As far as the Tekla synergies, yeah, you’re right; we are – synergy is a word we tend to be relatively suspicious of in Trimble, but here is a case where we think we have a strong synergistic combination where Tekla brings, first of all, a strong platform that we can build on. We can build other product functionality on top of the Tekla platform, which would be our intent, but then they bring structures. We have mechanical, electrical, plumbing with Accubid and QuickPen. We have what’s called emerging generation smart tools. We have Meridian which was an acquisition from six or seven years ago, which is focused on scheduling. So, against the elements of what is called BIM 5D which is the three physical dimensions plus schedule, plus cost, we have large parts of the solution. So, I think there is strong synergy from a product standpoint; right now, it exists. We, over the next year, will make it more elegant. But, I think – as you point out, I think the ability to project ourselves worldwide has just gone up by a step function. What Tekla brings into the mix is already existing international distribution. They bring into the mix a strong direct sales force that is capable of making a key account sale to a major contractor for example. There is absolutely no reason why that was called impressive direct sales force when they go in to make a key account corporate sale, couldn’t bring along what’s called the other elements of Trimble along with them and essentially sell the entire package and then reverse goes as well. So, I think that the early leverage will come from the channel side, a later leverage to come from the product side.
Steven Berglund: Well, I think the assumption is probably overall right then. When you’re selling into a major product – project it will take some time, and the runway is going to be relatively long in terms of complete a sale. At the same time, there is a high-degree of opportunism also loose in the world, and we have already seen cases where, let’s call it – we have had some success already on an international scale, doing what I described. So, I think, yeah, we won’t see the full effect for some period of time, but I think we are seeing positive effects now. And if nothing else, I think we – what we are seeing relative to the longer term as we are seeing much better access than we’ve had before. So, for example, taking Meridian the scheduling software – project management software would be more appropriate, we are seeing significant activity on their part in the Middle East now. So, we’re getting, let’s call it – already seeing leverage from, let’s call it, the geographic scope of Trimble and that’s just being one example. So, I don’t want to overdo this but I think that the story will emerge but it doesn’t – it’s not – here’s the case where I’m not saying it’s a year off; I’m saying it’ll be progressive and we’re seeing effects right now.
Steven Berglund: But, Eli, I think you’d be correct in attributing a large part of the step function growth to the acquisition, but there are a lot of moving parts and we don’t want to get into trying to describe the point.
Steven Berglund: Yeah, so I mean again maybe less so than we were but we are still a reasonably seasonal business and fourth quarter will tend to be down for Construction, and it won’t be until late in the quarter that we start to see the uptick on Ag. So I think, yeah, what you said is correct.
Steven Berglund: Yeah, so I think – first of all, I think the comp next year for Ag 2012 versus 2011 is just going to be generally difficult. So I think that’s actually my – contemplating the business that’s my – probably my first in point of consideration. I think, yeah, there is volatility in commodity prices, but at the same time, as long as it stays within certain bounds I don’t see it as really being a factor for us. Again, we’re selling productivity to farmers. We have an – range that contributes the same thing. So unless there’s a, let’s call it, a meaning – let’s call it, a significant degeneration of commodity prices that make farmers feel significantly less well off than they are at this point in time, I don’t think it’s going to be a real factor for us. Again, my theory on Ag when it comes to commodity prices is that there is some sort of threshold value or if they are at or above that threshold value we’re fine. But we – beyond that threshold value a 20% or a 30% increase in commodity prices won’t affect us simply because farmers are going to make the right decision as long as they feel enabled. And I think that threshold value of commodity prices gives them that enablement. So at this point in time I don’t think kind of the macros are of particular concern to us per se. I think we’ve looked to floods, we’ve looked to droughts, we’ve looked to those sorts of things as being equally – of equal importance to us. So I don’t want to be – here but at the moment I don’t think we’re particularly concerned with the macros one way or the other.
Rajat Bahri: So, Michael, this is Raj. There are three factors that are contributing to this growth rate. One is PeopleNet acquisition that you mentioned. Second is our base business excluding acquisition is also up double-digits versus prior year, and the third is actually an offset. As Steve mentioned, we are verticalizing our portfolio, focusing on high value-added solution, and we are pruning based where it doesn’t make sense. So, there’s an offset. Those are the three factors that are contributing to that 54% growth rate, two on the plus side, one on the negative side. And, going forward, we would expect the revenue – in our core business, we have lot of subs that are coming online that will continue to generate growth. PeopleNet is a very – is a growing business so their revenue should continue to grow into Q4 as well, and we will keep on pruning that base that we think is non-value added, but the net result is that we’ll continue to see strong double-digits growth rate into Q4, and then next year also we should have strong double-digit growth rate for Mobile Solutions with operating margins expanding quite a bit next year versus where we are. We had a 5% operating margin. We should be close to a double-digit operating margin next year with the revenue growing at double-digit, so we could see significant profitability next year in our Mobile Solutions segment.
Rajat Bahri: Rest of the world has been strong throughout the last few months and really we’ve seen growth in E&C in Africa. Africa is continuing – we’d put a lot of focus in Africa earlier on. We are seeing good growth in Africa. We’re seeing good growth in South America, and Mid East Middle East is also growing for us. So, basically, all the regions are – South America and Africa, I would say, are driving the growth and we expect that to continue in the near future.
Rajat Bahri: Yeah, so Ajit, if you quantify that a little bit, as I said in my prepared remarks, Europe on a reported basis was up 35%, but that included the Tekla acquisition. If I exclude the Tekla acquisition, Europe was still up 22% and the countries that drove the growth were, Germany is continuing very strong for us; France, continuing very strong for us; Russia, very strong for us; Belgium, good for us. So – but the other countries have been kind of soft for a long time, so that didn’t hurt us, the Greece, the Spain, the Italy, so those countries have not been generating any growth for us for a long period of time. So, basically, Germany, France, Russia drove that growth for us.
Rajat Bahri: And the other point I would make just to understand the underlying, we have reported $15 million of revenue and basically a slight loss but there’s $7 million revenue in profit that was just accounting in nature that will appear back in Q1. So if you put that numbers back Q1 is where you see strong double digit operating margins from Tekla.
Rajat Bahri: No, this is third quarter versus third quarter of last year.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Yeah.
Rajat Bahri: That’s what we talked about in our comments. So we had a 54% growth versus last year.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Right. Okay.
Rajat Bahri: Sure. Just give me – start the next question, I’m looking up the numbers, we’ll give you the precise numbers. Just give me one minute.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay.
Rajat Bahri: That’s just this quarter. In Q3, the numbers will be more like $5 million – Q4, it’ll be $5 million.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay. So that’s perfect. That’s what I thought. Okay. All right. Thanks very much, gentlemen.
Rajat Bahri: It was the first part – early part of the quarter. So it was – I’m trying to think – it’s somewhere late July.
Rajat Bahri: Yes. So we had PeopleNet. We had Tekla. Those were the majority of it but we had a couple of more. We had company called Ashtech and company called OmniSTAR that we paid for. I’m taking about the first nine months. But yeah, for the quarter, those were the two big ones, because the cash flow shows the first nine months. That $763 million in cash flow…
Rajat Bahri: Yeah, if you take Tekla out, our operating leverage was 26%. So, our margins would have been 18.5% versus the 17.5% that was reported.
Rajat Bahri: We don’t break acquisitions out by segment as Tekla is the one we’re doing it because of substantial and part of the purchase price. As I said, acquisition was a big part of the growth and than a big business.
Rajat Bahri: Yeah, the E&C business is – if you look at Q2, it was in the 20s. We were fairly close to 20% if you (inaudible) Tekla out of the business as well. So we should see that level of profitability continue for E&C business.
Rajat Bahri: I think that for prudence, I think we should probably – we’ll give more guidance when we give the full year guidance. But at this point, I think 13% to 15% is where we should start with next year.
Rajat Bahri: Sure, sure, sure. North America we – 51% of the revenue came from North America; 24% from Europe; 15% from Asia-Pacific; and 10% from rest of the world.
Rajat Bahri: You know, a safe assumption at this point is 13% to 15% as I mentioned. It’s very possible we may be lower but at this point we are finalizing the plans. We don’t know where exactly the profits are going to come from, which country, which part of the world. So I’m not comfortable going to 9% to 11% at this point.
