Rob Painter: When we think about our right to win at Trimble, we believe we can uniquely bring together users and connect workflow between the physical and digital worlds across industry continuums. Connect and Scale is our strategy. Our strategy is a platform strategy. The platform strategy is in turn a data strategy. If we are successful in our pursuits, we will collect one of the most complete data sets in and across industries, creating a flywheel of enhanced insights and data connectivity. AI has captured the world's attention, ours too. We believe our corpus of industry-specific data will unlock and accelerate our long-term value creation model. As I conclude my remarks, I want to take a moment to honor the memory of Sandra MacQuillan, who passed away last week after a year's long battle with cancer. Sandra was a dedicated member of our Board and was a valuable contributor to our company's success. Sandra's insight, courage, and support for our business will be greatly missed. She helped make Trimble a better company. She helped me to become a better leader. On behalf of the entire Trimble team, I extend our deepest condolences to Sandra's family and loved ones.  Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Rob Painter: Kristen, I'll add a comment on the data strategy, part of your question. And I start with the corpus of data at Trimble and construction, we manage over $1 trillion of construction projects and ag, we manage over technology and over 180 million acres of farmland and transportation. We manage a couple of million vehicles on the road, and that's even pre-Transporeon, and our geospatial business fundamentally is about creating a digital model of the physical earth. So there's, I'd say, a profound corpus of data opportunities. Our digital transformation, a big part of that is unlocking that data, getting it into the cloud. Once you've got it in a cloud, I have the opportunity to take data into information. And then when we're thinking about artificial intelligence, we've been playing in this arena for a while, it's quite exciting. It's actually also quite fun. We're already developing predictive and generative AI-based solutions covering all of our end markets and covering a number of workflows within that. And I will still say, we are very, very early in the journey. So, if you take a market like agriculture, with the Bilberry acquisition that we did on selective spring, we're applying deep learning technology to be able to identify [weeds] [ph] and enable spraying at the plant level instead of at the field level in our Viewpoint business and construction, we're applying natural language processing to automate invoicing processing workflows. In the Geospatial business, we're working on already point cloud semantic segmentation so then you can automatically extract and classify assets from large data sets and in our transportation business. We have video intelligence solutions that can detect fatigue and driver distraction and therefore, improve the safety, and we're just at the beginning of this.
Rob Painter: From a competitive standpoint, the thing that is most singularly unique about Trimble, and I think forms the basis of our right to win in our markets is our ability to connect the physical and the digital world. So, it's connecting work in the office with work in the field. That means connecting the hardware and the software of Trimble. And I think in that respect, we're singularly unique. When I think about potential OEM disintermediation, I go to the customer, that customer is a farmer, it's a contractor, it's a trucking company. More often than not, they're looking for a neutral provider of technology to operate across a mixed fleet. And we don't see that fundamentally changing in the aftermarket, and we hear more customers saying, how is this going to work for me if I have OEM proprietary technology, multiple OEM proprietary technology? Because remember, they operate mixed fleets. How does that benefit a customer? That's what we hear feedback from out in the field, and it gives me conviction that we're on the right path. Now, does that mean that, that will – that OEMs would not, let's say, pursue a strategy, I'd say, of course, not. We just have to be able to innovate faster and show that value of the connection between the physical and the digital world. That's why for the last 15 years, 20 years, we've been creating a software ecosystem around that hardware that we have to create these integrated and connected workflows. Not to mention that's the technology side of it. And then you apply the go-to-market aspect of you actually take this to market, how you actually monetize what are the business models around it, where are the data insights that you can unlock from this. So, I'd say, yes, there is certainly a different competitive environment that exists today versus 5, 10, 15 years ago. And I think a lot of the let's say, competitive world woke up to the attractiveness of these markets that we're serving that are large, global, underserved and underpenetrated. So, we feel good about where we stand in that environment, Kristen.
Rob Painter: So Jonathan, this is Rob. Good morning. From, I'd say, if I look at the financials of the business, whether that's the overall growth of the business, the gross margins, the ARR growth in the business, the bookings growth in the business, we see those as accretive to the to the business model of overall Trimble that doesn't change. And then our view is – continues to be look at the mid-term and beyond, and it will be even more significantly accretive given the nature of the platform and the density that the business has of carriers and shippers. To the second question on what changed in the macro view. And I'd say, yes, absolutely, it's disappointing from my perspective as well. When we break down the underlying factors, we looked and saw a couple of things, and maybe three things to mention. The first is the overall level of transactions has gone down in Europe. And when we look at the end markets, markets like CPG, retail, chemicals or three relatively big markets for the business. The transaction volume slowed more than we expected. CPG, I look at that one is one that people are still going to eat. So, I don't lose a conviction that this is a temporary phenomenon in the business. The second aspect, which really probably also relates to the third is the spot prices have come down and the business differentially monetizes when spot rates are higher. So, spot rates will come down if transaction volume comes down. The third piece, which connects actually though, back to spot prices, is that truck capacity went up in Europe and so if you follow new unit trucks hitting the market in Europe, that capacity increased at the same time as the transaction slowed further pressuring spot prices. So, those would be the three factors. But now let me not end on that note, let me end on the note that we expect to see 30% bookings growth in the business this year. When we look at prior economic cycles in the business, this business has accelerated out of each of those cycles. It's fundamentally a transaction-oriented business. There's no loss of customers. In fact, when rates are strong as ever, 40 new customers were onboarded onto the platform in the first quarter before we owned it. So, the underlying fundamentals of the quality, I would say, of the business are there. And we believe it would be poised to as a bounce back when the markets improve.
Rob Painter: And Jonathan, the thing I'd add to that is the nature of the technology at Trimble is that it's mission-critical. You're using it most of the day. It's not a nice to have on the shelf-type software that you can easily get rid of.
Rob Painter: Sure, Chad. Hey, this is Rob. So the 13% was at the company level of organic ARR growth that we see going up through the rest of the year. If we go into Buildings and Infrastructure, specifically, the Buildings and Infrastructure grows, ARR has been growing faster than that company average. And we expect that to grow throughout the year as well in Buildings and Infrastructure. When we go through the business reviews, and one of the things that is, I'd say, great about an ARR business model is, we closed in the quarter at $1.65 billion of ARR. And by the way, that's a conservative view of ARR. We don't take the contracted ARR view at the end of the quarter, which would be higher. But we wake up on the first day of the second quarter, and we've got line of sight to $1.65 billion of revenue going forward for the next year. And you can see that show up in the remaining performance obligations. And so, when we look at the businesses, you can get a bit scientific about it because you can go and do a go get analysis. You understand the revenue you're walking in with whether it's a quarter or a year or multi-year period. You know get delta that you have to close in order to hit the ARR forecast. Against that delta, you look at a pipeline that you have a bookings pipeline and then it's a conversion ratio of that bookings pipeline to what can hit short-term ARR versus will become deferred revenue that's monetized over time. Now, within that, if I take Buildings and Infrastructure, specifically, cross-sell and upsell are significantly driving business for us, the bookings of business that we have. What we're seeing is that we're bringing on new logos as we go to market as One Trimble through this Trimble Construction One offering. We're seeing cross-sell between Viewpoint and Tekla. We're seeing it from our bid-to-win acquisition and the Viewpoint business. We're seeing it from Viewpoint and our MEP business. I'm just really proud of the team who's put in the work to define the business model offerings and to organize the go-to-market efforts and the sales enablement behind that to actually execute on a vision. It's easy to have a division. The work happens behind the scenes to bring it to life. And the team is – continues to deliver proof points that we're on the right track here. We're seeing higher win rates in the deals in the market. We're seeing larger deal sizes when we go to market as One Trimble, we're seeing shorter sales cycles when we do it. So, I like the setup. We expect to continue to see strong growth. Buildings and Infrastructure and the construction software within that, that's the tip of the spear for the transformation at Trimble. We're putting really I'd say the strong, strong majority of our efforts behind making that business successful and using that as a template for the rest of the organization. And I think the last thing I would say is, ultimately, we're taking dollars to the bank, not percentages. These numbers continue to get bigger and bigger. So, posting strong double-digit growth on a larger base, I think is worth noting, David, I think, mentioned in his comments that we could expect to see $2 billion of ARR by the end of the year and Buildings and Infrastructure would presumably be about half of that.
Rob Painter: Well, from a segment perspective, we – outside of Resources and Utilities actually very little goes through OEMs. It's in the single-digit percentage in the Resource and Utilities. Of course, that's agriculture. And I think we've said about 25%.
Rob Painter: Hi, good morning, Tami. It's Rob. Well, we've been working in this space as you know for a long time, both predominantly in the aftermarket, but with one OEM in our transportation business, in the short-term, we don't see a change to the business that we have with our OEM partner. Long-term or actually even mid-to-long term, the exact nature of the upgrades we're making on our technology in the transportation business is to deliver the open platform that customers in the aftermarket have been looking for. Back to an earlier conversation we're having in the Q&A on mix fleets. The same dynamic happens with trucking companies most are operating multiple – yes, multiple truck OEMs within their fleet even different engine types. So, you can have really quite different configurations, different configuration perform better at different parts of the country. What you would need here in Colorado and the mountains is a different machine or I'd say a different truck performed – is optimized better here than it is in a different part of the country. And so, we continue to see customers looking to integrate mixed fleets. When you have that open platform that can come out of the OEMs, when they have that openness, you can put in a Trimble or a Trimble competitor technology and user interface on top of that. So, I think it's an equalizer in the market.
Rob Painter: I can add a little color to that. I encourage you to separate the software businesses from the hardware businesses and that analysis. If you look at the software business. I submit there's 1.65 billion reasons to have conviction in our view of the rest of the year, and that's because that's the ARR. And again, that's not even a contracted ARR, which would be higher than that, 1.6 billion of backlog or those remaining performance obligations as well gives us visibility. We know the bookings we have. It's really a bit of a science to translate to bookings into the recognized revenue. So, our conviction and our predictability on that stream of our revenue is going to be the highest. And then I think you take separately the hardware businesses, which David walked you through. We've been through dynamics of the dealer inventory stabilization. Now, let's look at the macros around it. And I think that's a fair question to test our conviction on this. [Take agriculture,] [ph] we see farm income being healthy this year. We take North America construction, and we see the infrastructure bill being providing a tailwind the business. So, those are the kind of factors that go into our view for the rest of the year. And certainly then would become the things that we have to watch and then we'll update you on again next quarter.
Rob Painter: I think there is a – what we've built – our strategy is fundamentally to connect users' data and workflow across industry continuums. In construction, we work with architects, engineers, contractors, and owners across the life cycle from design to build to operate. So, we have a business that focuses on architects and designers, let's say, in engineering and construction. We work with mechanical, electrical, plumbing, steel, concrete, contractors. So, we have visibility into the trades inside of MEP. We can look at the digital supply chain to connect an estimate and a design model actually out to the components that you ultimately buy and transact as you create those estimates. In the construction side, we both – we obviously work in civil construction as well as building construction and our Viewpoint software. It's the system of record. It's the ERP. So, we know what kind of businesses our customers are in, and we can get a meta view of the employees they have of the backlog that they have of the work that we're doing. And then on the owner side, even though I'm describing that as the last one in the chain, the owners actually are at the beginning of the chain, and we have a set of businesses that are managing capital programs and asset management and permitting. So, I think Trimble has a more unique view as compared to any other peer that we have in the industry given how we serve specific personas across the industry life cycle. And so, we can see activity at a level of specificity that I think would be quite unique.
Rob Painter: Well, we would see the transition this year. I guess I would characterize as neutral to perhaps a little positive. I can tell you qualitatively, the feedback we're getting in the market is quite positive. We are having success, good early success of signing up dealers who want to work with Trimble both existing dealers and new dealers who see good business opportunities here. If you think about what's unique about what we can do in from an aftermarket perspective as we have kits available for 10,000 different machines. That's pretty darn unique to be able to do that. When I spend time out in the field with dealers and with the farmers, they are looking for support. Like – and I mean support from people who know technology and how it works, not support from iron but support from technology. And so, we get very – we're getting very good feedback that we need to work with you. We want to work with you because you know how to – you know technology, you know how to support it. You're on the machine types. And by the way, Trimble, you have the full portfolio, a broader technology portfolio. We don't just do steering and guidance, we do implement controls. We do water management. We have software. We have selective spring. And so, those have been the positives that are so far, I'd say, creating good progress for us as we transition the channel. To your question about proof points as an investor and analyst, you can track the progress of that. Let us take that as an action item of how we can provide more quantitative color around that. Obviously, you'll see the face of the financials and revenue and margin progression against what we're – against what we're saying, but let us take that as a topic for what additional disclosure would make sense going forward.
Rob Painter: Sure. So, actually I'll start in Europe. So, we had prior to the acquisition, we had a relatively small carrier business. So, mobility business for carriers. We will combine that business with Transporeon. That will make sense. One, because Transporeon obviously works with shippers and carriers, we think we can get a stronger European carrier business if those businesses are working together. Within Europe, we have underlying technology that we can replace third parties with Trimble technology and bring a modest amount of cost synergy to the business within Europe. And within Europe, it's been really interesting to see some of the phone calls that we've got, some of which may have been positive surprises from forestry companies saying, Hey, actually, I need help because they're already working with us in forestry.  We need help with the transportation and logistics, how can we connect this with forestry. We've heard the same thing with building construction where you're looking for visibility to understand when that construction supply chain components are going to show up to a job site. So, we're encouraged that some early inquiry that we've received within Europe. Now, let's go outside of Europe and North America would be the obvious place to go given the centricity of revenue that we already have in North America. And so, the teams are actively working together to bring I'd say, a couple of aspects of Transporeon technology around automated procurement or autonomous procurement into the U.S. market or North American market this year, some of those quick win-type opportunities. I was in Brazil in January. And what we discovered there is, we have – our Trimble already has a telematics business or mobility business in Brazil, Transporeon has a small operation in Brazil doing freight audit, that becomes something that we can connect together given the geography we're already in. So, where we're already in, geographies that's an easier play to bring capabilities together. I'd say the new, new geography, those tend to be slower and harder and would not, in this environment, be my first priority, where to allocate capital.
David Barnes: Sure. Jerry, it's David. There no fundamental change in the momentum of the business – recurring business in Buildings and Infrastructure. It happens to be the case that in the first quarter, that's when the term licenses renew. And so, if you're going to have churn, that's when you have it. And that factor will abate and we expect to end the year actually a little north of 20% for Buildings and Infrastructure ARR. So, the momentum is solid.
David Barnes: Yes, you're right, mid-teens. I'll try not to be too specific, but it's north of 13%. So yes, we project that ARR growth will accelerate for the balance of the year.
David Barnes: Yes. So first, the 10% refers to will have – we project 10% less revenue than you could have extrapolated from the directional indication we gave in December. It's still growing. It's just growing a little more slowly than we'd expect. From a margin perspective, we indicated that EBITDA margins would be about 30%. I still think that's the long-term trend, but we've lost a little bit of fixed cost leverage. Probably the simplest way to think about that for the year, Jerry, is Transporeon margins will be pretty close to the Trimble average this year and then higher as the business gets back to growth or higher levels of growth.
David Barnes: Yes. There's two big factors that drove gross margin up significantly in the quarter. One is, as you said, the mix shift is very favorable because our hardware business was down and the software business was up, but an equally important factor is that we're way past the hump of our inflationary cycle in our hardware businesses. In fact, year-on-year, our input costs are down. We were heavily dependent on expedited freight in the broker market for parts a year ago, and we've got more price realization. So, we have seen a pretty important improvement in the margins within our hardware portfolio.
David Barnes: Well, we're investing in our business. The guidance and the script comments reflect. We don't think the gross margins will stay at the high level they were in Q1 for the rest of the year. We'll be modestly below that, partly because the mix comes back to a more normalized mix as our hardware businesses get past the hump of dealer inventory reductions. But look, if you look at our operating expense, even for – with the year's outlook, we will grow OpEx faster than revenue.  We normally don't like to do that, but we're investing against our business. Part of it is R&D. Part of it is against the digital transformation, the creation of platforms. So, we are investing against the business even while we get through the noise of the supply chain and the higher gross margins helps us do that.
David Barnes: Sure. I'd say the pace of inventory, destock is exactly what we thought it would be a quarter ago, and we'll be essentially all the way through it by mid-year. We're on the plan on destocking that we laid out a quarter ago. And yes, I think that answers your question. And that's true for our businesses in aggregate, so including the ag business.
David Barnes: I'll comment on pacing and Rob can add on the data strategy. So, we're about to cross an important milestone where we've put into production, the digital backbone for our North American enterprise software business for the construction industry, so that will go live next week. And what that does, Kristen, is systematically enables the TC1 bundles that we've been selling in a sort of [indiscernible] way to date.  And we've had success in the [indiscernible] approach, but we're about to cross an important milestone in what we call digitally-enabled Trimble construction one with bundles that are more accessible and easier for our people to sell and our customers to consume. This is part of the journey we're on. We have additional rollout scheduled for our digital transformation that over the next couple of years will benefit the whole of our business. So, we're going to see some tangible – much more tangible benefits from the investments we've been making on digital transformation.
David Barnes: Yes. I'll focus on the outlook for the year. We expect net retention to be very strong, north of 100% in the ZIP code of 110%. What gets us there? Our churn varies by business and most of our recurring businesses the churn is very low in the low to mid-single digits. SketchUp is structurally higher than that, but we generate the positive net retention pushing at high-single-digits through low churn and upsell and cross-sell of new offerings. And as Rob mentioned, the uniqueness of the breadth of our offering, we're really having traction in the building software portfolio of cross-selling, Viewpoint and our ]Technostructures] [ph] and MEP offerings. And so, that's what gets net retention into the high single-digit range. 100-plus high single digits.
David Barnes: It was a little higher than that in 2022 because actually, our business through OEMs was particularly strong. So, it was about a third of our R&U segment. And it's held up well, I'll say. So, our business with OEMs is strong right now.
David Barnes: Yes. I don't think it's additional versus any longer-term trend. It's just that the term licenses, it's actually a bit of a factor of our old technology that we're improving with our new digital infrastructure, but the terms all coincide on January 1. So, if you're going to churn as a customer, you churn on January 1. So, it's – I call that a blip. That factor won't recur in any of the coming quarters. And we think we're on the sustained trend of solid ARR growth for Buildings and Infrastructure. As Rob said, it was about 20%, and we think it will end the year a little more than where we were in Q1.
David Barnes: I wouldn't say it's older solutions. It's solutions that are enabled by our older infrastructure technology as we roll-out our digital infrastructure, we could be more flexible in how our licensing models work, and we won't have the situation where our terms all in at the same time, which isn't convenient for us or even for some of our customers. So, that's how things will improve.
David Barnes: Yes. So it's $135 million for the three quarters, a little less than a third of that. Around 30% will be in Q2 and corresponding you'll have a little more than a third in Q4.
David Barnes: Yes. Tami, it's David. There is some seasonality in the business. Historically, it's strongest in the fourth quarter. There's a lot of goods that flow closer to the holiday season. But I don't – there's also some underlying growth. So, the way I would suggest you look at it the way we look at it is of the 135 million, we'll have roughly 30% in Q2, a third in Q3 and a little more than a third of Q4.
David Barnes: Hey, Josh, David Barnes. I'll start. So the Transporeon business model, as Rob mentioned, is transaction-based, principally not a subscription. So, our software offerings, as Rob discussed earlier, are mission-critical for our customers and are much less susceptible to any short-term trend in the end customers ongoing transaction or ongoing level of business. Our view is that there's some puts and takes, but the aggregate demand we see for our business has not changed over the last 90 days. We do see some signs that in a few of our end markets, actually, the overall macro outlook is improving. I look at Geospatial, for instance, we assess our dealers for their sentiment. We talked to some of their customers in the survey business. They're feeling a little better than they were. Input costs are abating. So, overall, we're very confident with the outlook for the rest of the business that we articulated a quarter ago. Transporeon is impacted by the particular macros of Europe and the end markets they serve.
