Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so I think there is definitely a, let's call it, a strategic secular trend involved here and -- which is -- which will move towards the greater services bundle [ph] and greater software component. The trend has been in place for a number of years and I think is, if anything, accelerating at this point in time. So I think the general trend, directionally anyway, is towards a generally higher gross margin business within E&C and with the expectation that we can continue to show progress at the operating line. I think the one caveat there would be -- I think gross margin is interesting within the company from a direct -- kind of a directional sense but is largely an arithmetic outcome from the mix of business. In the script, I mentioned the fact that we anticipated a higher professional services content within the company, and in particular E&C that will probably push the margin around a bit. And so from an ROIC standpoint, that would still be a strong business, but it may change the nature of the margin. But I will say directionally, is the nature of the business is towards more software, more services and I would intend to say towards a higher gross margin content as we add more and more software value and then, again, that should translate into operating.
Steven W. Berglund: Paul, I think there's a bit of a point here and again, referring back to the script here a little bit, is that in kind of the engagement with the contractor, kind of within the E&C context, is increasingly, we're having the conversation about the needs of a project. Now that may include hardware, that may include software, that may include services. But increasingly, kind of the differentiation in terms of what's hardware, what's software, what services will tend to get a little bit blended is what we're bringing is a value, a bundle to contractor, really increasingly focused on a single project. And so I think that from our internal architecture in terms of how we think about things, it's really the kind of the share of the wallet concept around the project more so than what's recurring, and what SaaS [ph], what's that [ph], but I think it's really -- we'll see how it develops but I think over the next few years, it's going to be more of a concept of share of wallet than per se, let's call it, a discrete breakout between different kind of product categories.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think in general, we're -- the biggest driver, at least in terms of volatility, at the moment is agriculture. We're -- our current outlook with a fair amount of qualification is flattish but I think that in terms of the range of outcomes for the company are kind of largely driven by a range of outcomes on agriculture. So I would say the general expectation is flattish, but acknowledging that there is a fair amount of volatility that kind of creates a kind of a tails around that distribution both sides of that expectation.
Steven W. Berglund: Monsanto. Well, Monsanto has clearly been, for some time now, been voicing, kind of, a vision of the market, that is really focused on kind of let's call it, big data sort of orientation. So I think that it's really, really too soon to kind of start -- talk about hard characterization of anybody in the marketplace to a fair extent, both we and they, and as well as others are talking about an emerging future, elements of the product and elements of the solution are emerging all the time. But I think in terms of kind of as of today, the revenues associated with it are comparatively small. So I think that it's too early to kind of come up with competitor versus collaborators, sorts of definitions for anyone. I think the market is still emergent and still fairly slippery in terms of its ultimate definitions here. So I'll avoid the characterization question at this point in time. I would say is that certainly Monsanto is -- has a presence in the market, it has a brand, it has a reasonable level of domain and so I think that it is a player. But I wouldn't want to necessarily characterize it one way or the other at this point in time. What we're attempting to do is put together all the elements of the solution and to bring it to the marketplace and we'll see how the marketplace evolves.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. Well, I think that -- the way I characterized it in the script was, okay, kind of generally, most of the emerging economies are comparatively kind of going sideways, not really bad. The only one, not that it's an emerging economy, but the only economy out there that I would characterize as bad, at this point in time, is Australia which is causing us some problems, particularly in E&C. But you walk around the world and I would say whether it be China or Brazil or South Africa or India or any or the rest of them, I would say characterize them as being workable but not great. I wouldn't characterize any of them as being great. Clearly, the mode in Russia is quite negative at this point in time, and we're seeing the outcome. Now Russia, as a needle mover for us, as a company, isn't all that large. It's meaningful for ag, it has a significant amount of potential for ag as it does for E&C. So I think Russia is more of a -- the perspective of Russia is more of a 2- or 3-year or 4-year view in terms of, okay, if this kind of freeze continues, it could potentially take 1 point or 2 off of -- or some level of growth off of the next 2 or 3 years. But it isn't -- I wouldn't expect us to be necessarily focusing on Russia over the next few quarters as being a necessarily a needle mover for the company. Now I would also, in the next year or 2, probably put India in much the same category, which is India is more nascent, it's more prospective, it's more a set of possibilities than it is a potential source of dollars for us in the next year or 2. India obviously has great potential. India, for the last couple of years, has been a little hard to decipher because it's been comparatively indecisive around its economic policy. That seems to have resolved itself or at least there seems to be a higher level of decisiveness, a higher level of purpose in India. If India does decide to move on infrastructure, it has the potential to be a significant addition of revenue to us, particularly in E&C, although I would not discount the possibilities in agriculture either. But just the lead time would say, okay, that's got to be a 2- or 3-year sort of perspective not a 12-month perspective in India. So I would say both markets are more future events as looking ahead to the next 12 months than anything that's going to be, particularly meaningful for us in the next 12 months.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So well, without a doubt, there's kind of a web of relationships here. And so I would say is what we're doing -- well, particularly on the building side, the vertical construction more so than the infrastructure heavy civil kind of dirt moving, but certainly when it comes to constructing buildings or constructing structures, there is a multitiers here and I would say that were equally relevant for kind of the -- all elements here. So there are really 2 different categories of contractors, I'm simplifying outrageously here. But there are self-perform contractors who, more or less, keep all the operations in-house. And then there are other contractors who make active use of subcontractors who basically get the umbrella contract and then subcontract out to a number of other contractors. The technology is relevant in all cases. I think there is an argument to be made is that the self-perform contractor may be able to better utilize the technology because they have more control over all the operations and can achieve maybe a more optimal model. But the way we're organized is we look to the individual trades. So we have a business that is, what we call, MEP, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, which really is focused on the individual trades, the subcontractors, if you will, and performing work for the contractor. But I would say the ecosystem that involves contractors and subcontractors is a little bit more complicated in terms of, okay, who's getting the economic benefits of the technology and how are they being shared? And in that case, across the board, the owner would have some interest in that as well. So I think that, again, I think that over the next few years, it's a little bit of an interesting experiment to see just how the sharing of the benefits of the technology actually occur. But I would say it's the subcontractors, as well as contractors are actively engaged in the technology and our relative hope and our relative expectation is that increasingly, the owner is going to drive down through the general contractor, down through the subcontractors, down to the trades and actually start to mandate what the technology environment is going to be and expect everyone to conform to the same architecture from a technology standpoint and you see that happening. I think that the trend will accelerate over the next few years.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think North America is on a track. The things that could happen in the next 6 to 12 months that would give us upside lift implicitly I think that maybe the bias is towards the upside if these things occur. One would be if Congress does come back either lame duck session or post new Congress and actually puts in multiyear funding -- or let's call it permanent funding for the highway infrastructure, I think that would be relatively huge for us. I think it would be kind of igniting of animal spirits that haven't been seen for a while in this country. So that's one discrete event. I think Europe -- one's got to be a little careful in describing Europe, but certainly in the last few months, we have seen kind of more points of light in Europe than we've seen for some period of time. Germany is the key element in Europe. But around Europe, including places like Spain, we started to see points of light. If Europe starts to find itself back on the economic growth path, I think again, that could be a potentially significant lift to us. I'd say the other discrete event that could again, fairly quickly change the mood for us to a more positive mood is that Australia actually started to make kind of recovery noises. Australia, for us, is -- kind has a disproportionate effect. Australia, on the E&C side, is a very well-developed market in spite of the relatively low population, they have a significant uptake of technology. And right now the picture there is fairly dismal. So we'll -- so I'd say in general, we're kind of operating at a baseline here, and that there is probably kind of statistically a possibility that as a few things start to improve, we're going to see the benefit on a worldwide basis. The rest of the world is probably okay as it is. We could see -- we'd like to see more growth out of Brazil. We'd like to see China on a little bit more of an unambiguous path but we're actually generating some pretty significant growth out of some these countries now and I think those are workable. But Europe, Australia and the Highway Bill are probably 3 discrete events that could make life significantly better for us in the next year.
Steven W. Berglund: I would -- there's my historical answer, which I'm being careful about using at this point in time. So generally, I would say in agriculture, in a list off [ph] -- of a little bit of a better environment from a commodity price is I would generally expect us to outperform, simply because we're selling cost reduction, we're selling productivity. We're not selling capacity so I think historically, we've been fairly resistant to lift off [ph] the down cycle in ag, but I think the current mood, particularly in North America with some spillover into Europe, commodity price is just kind of depressed. So I would say kind of -- I would still expect us to outperform. But right now, we're struggling more than we have historically in kind of a down cycle.
Steven W. Berglund: Eli, I would kind of urge against kind of this put and take, yes, the put and take. Yes, there was an effect in the second quarter for simply getting into the change of business we're getting into bigger wants here and there. So every quarter, there is a discrete effect. I would say it's fundamentally the second quarter stands on its own and I think, yes, there were some puts and takes there, but I would say is that fundamental performance was not drastically swung one way or the other by this -- by this effect in Europe. In reality, the effect -- the negative side of that effect it was an accumulation. So what we saw was a negative effect implicitly in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter. I don't think we saw the benefit in the third quarter. So I think it's just smoothed out so I'd advise against, let's call it a whole lot of kind of minute kind of puts and take here because...
Steven W. Berglund: Well, okay. First of all, I mean, the statement would be on a multiyear basis. So in any given quarter, given seasonal effects and whatever, so I think it's very potentially dangerous to kind of try to draw strategic judgments from what is happening in any given quarter. So I think that, certainly, in terms of level of activity, in terms of marketing activity, I think that, certainly, in a strategic sense, in a multiyear sense, is that yes, the confidence is quite strong. The model is occurring. I would actually say, okay, Brett, on a year-to-year basis, the trend is clear. And I would look in terms of quarter-to-quarter sequential effect, I would look to the seasonal effects of what business is strong in that quarter versus not strong in the quarter. So I think there's sort of arithmetic there. But certainly, our entire strategy, in terms of coming to market, is increasingly built on a bundle of value that does increase subscription and services. So yes, we're confident and I would actually say, okay, the year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year comparison is typically more reliable than a sequential comparison just given the seasonality of the business, plus the characterization, the SEC kind of defines how we report these particular categories and [indiscernible] software is -- can either be regard -- viewed as a product or it can be viewed as a service, depending on whether -- how it's being delivered and we're relatively indifferent in terms of how it's being delivered. We'll let the customer tell us how the customer wants it delivered. So some of these categories are a little arbitrary just in terms of what's happening in terms of the marketplace.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think we more or less called it comparatively de minimis. If you look at the year-to-year increase, the significant majority of the revenue increase was significant majority, the profitability increase was organic. And the effects of acquisition were comparatively de minimis in terms of the growth, something on the order of 1 point or something like that might have been acquisition, all in.
Francois Delepine: Yes, I don't have those numbers handy here to share. I don't think we've shared that historically. I think we're looking at it -- I mean, I mentioned at the Analyst Day we're starting to do a bit more analysis to kind of understand our trends and billings and recurring revenue and the impact on deferred revenue, et cetera. But we don't plan to kind of communicate those kinds of elements at this point. We may do it next year, but we're doing some analysis at this point on that.
Francois Delepine: Yes. So it came from -- essentially, you can think of it as a large increase to a distributor credit line as a result of increasing the capital that the distributor was able to secure to summarize it. And the impact on the European growth rate was about half of that growth rate.
Francois Delepine: Yes. So let me take that one. I think if you look at the last couple of years actually, we did have a sequential decline from Q2 to Q3, not of that magnitude, but probably about half of that magnitude. And then if you look at the revenue recognition, in fact, we just mentioned and you take that out and look at the sequential change that way, and you look at the -- if you were to pick the high end of our range and look at that compared to Q2, you get to about the same type of dynamics, seasonal dynamics. So we're being relatively circumspect about our guidance here in the second -- in the third quarter, and we -- that's how we came up with the range. I mean, as Steve said, there's still some fair amount of risk in ag and so that's kind of built into our guidance as well.
Francois Delepine: Yes, so again, you've got to -- I don't know if maybe you've missed the earlier comment, right. We had an event with the revenue recognition in Europe that essentially was a boost to Q2. And without that essentially, we would have been just about to the higher -- to the high end of our guidance for Q2. So if you take that out and look at Q2 to Q3 change, it's not as big of a drop as it seems. And I think we have...
Francois Delepine: We haven't done that exact math, but E&C is half of the company. So the impact would probably be double, about double in terms of...
Francois Delepine: I mean, we're -- we -- you can come back into [ph] our expectations from our EPS guidance on that. I mean, we're -- we have factored in our expectation the various impact that we had in Q2 and when we look at our forecast for Q3, we made some judgments and we have an EPS range that expresses that, if you will.
Francois Delepine: Yes, it doesn't change the whole story. The only reason to call it out really is the kind of impact on the European growth rates and that was to explain the 20%. But other than that, it doesn't change the overall story.
Francois Delepine: Yes, I think in the long term, we don't expect that business to certainly be a double-digit growth, but they have been doing pretty well. Not clear if we can repeat the performance in Q3 that we had in Q2. But that business has been going strong this year.
Eli S. Lustgarten: Just a quick follow-up on when we talk about the drop in revenue between the second and third quarter, I think you mentioned statistically, when you look at it, it looks a lot bigger than, I guess, than what we're used to. Is that mostly in E&C and Advanced Devices, or is it pretty well spread across the thing? And the second thing, when we talk about the way profitability might change by sector given the change in volume that's going to take place.
Eli S. Lustgarten: I'm not looking for precision, I'm just trying to look for -- get an idea of how it's coming -- you're taking 7.5% out of your volume in a timetable that's a little bit strange, so I just...
Eli S. Lustgarten: So they have in the total company. But what would the profitability of the Engineering and Construction sector have looked like? It came in at a very high number -- it's much higher than I think anybody expected it, 24% [ph]. What might have that number looked like as we talk about to -- probably in the mid...
