Steven W. Berglund: I don't think we have a particularly refined view of Brexit effects. I think that we did see the UK down a meaningful amount in the second quarter. We assume that the investment climate was such that everyone was waiting to see what happened before they made any investments. So I don't think there is any one-to-one correlation between what happens mechanically from the Brexit process onto our results. I think it's more a matter of whether Brexit triggers a set of wider issues, second or third order effects relative to the self-confidence within Europe and the willingness for businesses to invest. So I think it's more, let's call it, at the moment a more rhetorical question in terms of whether it affects the investment climate within Europe, particularly in places like Germany and France, and whether businesses postpone decisions waiting for clarifications. So again, I don't think – there may be other businesses. There may be other industries where there is a more linear alignment between Brexit mechanics and business. I don't think we're one of those. So I think it's just more a point of caution at this point in time to see whether investment decisions in terms of investing in infrastructure or investing in capacity or the like are postponed and just waiting to see what happens when the dust clears a little bit. So I'm afraid I can't be very helpful on the question, Jonathan, just because I think it's just a generalized point of concern on our part, but nothing overly direct or at this point in time even meaningful.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. Well, yes, so I'm going to be decidedly vague here since I don't necessarily want to preannounce from a competitive standpoint products or market initiatives. But I would say is in the script I talked to both in Engineering & Construction and transportation and logistics within the Mobile Solutions segment talked to new products. I think that we believe we have some significant new ideas, both in terms of products themselves but also new product categories that can add incremental market pieces to the revenue flow. I think I would say in particular in those areas, I would say within the Field Solutions segment, without necessarily hanging ourselves out too far, I think there is a steady progression within agriculture moving more and more towards precision agriculture. So I think the relative emphasis we're putting on AGRI-TREND, the fairly recent acquisition. And the fact that we're investing relatively heavily to build up this go-to-market capabilities also would be what I would call a meaningful market initiative of accelerating the movement into precision agriculture. The reorganization we did to put more emphasis on the software and solutions as part of that. So I would say in each of those three segments, there are again I think meaningful developments on the product side, okay, which will tend to bring increments of revenue. But then I would also emphasize then in some cases there are new product categories that bring, let's call, potentially larger increments of revenue. But clearly, at this point in time, it would not be prudent for me to identify very specifically what those are. So I'll just have to leave you hanging, Paul.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So first of all, I think particular, well, it's I think BuildingPoint, Vantage and SITECH's are all targeted third-party channels for us. And I think that our confidence is growing based on recent evidence that again from your perspective kind of disappears into the dust. But I think our confidence is growing that all three of them, SITECH's I think relatively well establish as being a competitive needle mover and creating a combination together with product. Of course that creates unique competitive differentiation. It's still early for both BuildingPoint and Vantage, but the metrics are supporting the views that by putting a BuildingPoint in or putting a Vantage dealership in and getting, let's call it, the increased emphasis on technology, it does make a difference quantitatively in terms of the performance of a particular region. So I think our confidence level there is growing. And again against our – it's not adding cost, so I think in terms of margin improvement, it would be really more of the effect of getting the incremental leverage from the channel and, okay, converting that into profit, that increased revenue with a operating leverage of hopefully 25% or greater and converting that into operating income. So I think the story is both dynamic in the positive sense and I think will increasingly be a factor in adding incremental revenue that will in turn turn into bottom-line results. So I think we're comparatively pleased with the progress in all three distribution channels.
Steven W. Berglund: Sure. I guess, I would launch by just saying at this moment in time, I think pricing across all the segments is comparatively steady and stable. I think that when it comes to the hardware element, particularly in kind of the general telematics realm, the expectation is that hardware prices are going to drop. And potentially drops significantly. Now our strategy is comparatively hardware agnostic, so that is not necessarily a consideration. And as you've heard us during this whole session in effect playing up that hardware gross margins, there isn't a whole lot left to give out there. So I would say, that is the one relatively dynamic element relative to pricing where we can expect significant pricing pressure, which is on the hardware elements, kind of the telematics realm. But again, it's not core to our strategy. I think otherwise I would tend to say that the environment is generally comparatively steady. In some cases we have successfully been able to raise prices, particularly upon release of new product generations where we are bundling significantly more value into the new product generation. And just looking at the elements within E&C, civil engineering, again, I would characterize it as there are dogfights on individual deals, but comparatively steady there. Kind of on the building side, I would say there's significant opportunity to maybe bundle different elements of the solution into a complete package and achieve a level, let's call, pricing leverage there just from the significant value by providing a bundle of capability playing well together. So I'm actually saying the longer term there is potentially to realize more value through pricing on the building side and to some extent, even on the civil engineering side. Geospatial, I think in terms of base capability, instrument prices are likely to drift down over time. But I think the opportunity there is to bundle those relatively dumb instruments that provide positioning data together with software solutions and create kind of new bundles of value and with an opportunity to increase prices from the bundle. And I think there are some fairly dramatic examples out there where dumb instruments have been coupled with software, incremental cost approaching zero and being able to double or triple prices of that otherwise dumb instruments. Agriculture, and kind of in the Field Solutions realm, I'd say that there is the traditional hardware elements, the guidance elements which has got a 15-year track record of being, again fairly stable from a pricing perspective in terms of at least not step changes. I think the opportunity there is adding software content and essentially capturing more value and then on the mobile side, again, I think there is software element which provides value at the enterprise level. There's relative pricing leverage there through the value creating and then on the hardware side that's likely to see some pretty major decreases over time driven by technology. So overall, I would describe the environment as neutral to maybe positive in a three-year context.
Steven W. Berglund: I would say that in terms of percentage of revenues being spent on R&D, I would say that we are generally running hot at this point in time. And I think it would be our intention both by design and I think just circumstantially to see that number come down over the next 12 months.
Robert G. Painter: I think, if you look at it from a reporting segment level, whether you're extending to the second half of this year or into 2017, you could really look at our three primary segments in the business between Engineering & Construction, Field Solutions and Mobile Solutions. And if you look at it from a Field Solutions, as Steve said, if as we return to let's say a better performance in agriculture, at least on a comparable basis, and we hold the margin, that's an important lever to the Trimble model expansion, business model expansion. And Mobile Solutions, that of course has been the fastest growing segment in the portfolio this year, and as we see that growth continuing, it's also the lowest operating margin segment in the company at this time. And so that's the place where we have the headroom to expand the operating margins, and we have the growth profile we see behind that to support that. And then Engineering & Construction, which of course is the largest reporting segment that we have, we see the positive trends that we talked about within the civil engineering, construction and building businesses continuing. We catch some wind in the sails on geospatial and generate operating margin expansions, and you've completed the, at least mathematically, the story to continue into 2017.
Robert G. Painter: So if you were to look at the – I'll speak to North and well obviously I speak to the U.S. market, this is the U.S. regulation. We believe there's around a couple million vehicles that are impacted by the need for the electronic logging devices. Now of course, not all of those are relevant to Trimble. So when we segment that 2 million, there's let's just say less than 1 million that become more of a relevant market opportunity for Trimble. And so from an addressable market standpoint, there is certainly quite an opportunity out there. We see that reflected in the sales pipeline we have today as well as the bookings and the deferred revenues in the business. You asked about how the installations play out here in the coming quarters. And we have spoken, as you know, to the surge in demand through a couple of the discrete large customer orders that we've had. And as those implementations continue really for the next, I'd say, two to three quarters, before were fully implemented on those couple large orders, then I would see returning to what maybe a little bit more of a linear path of growth in the implementations and then mathematically, right, as the subscriptions kick in at higher margin, that's where you get the margin expansion in the business.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. Good question. So the first one, let's just stick with Mobile Solutions and the margin expansion in that business, particularly from the transportation and logistics business. So very discreetly just about the topic we were on with the – as more subscriptions come on top of the hardware. They're also in Mobile Solutions. I think I mentioned this in my script. We have, from an acquisition coming off, it's purchase accounting effects that will add back some positive operating margins for us in the fourth quarter. So there are some effects related to acquisitions rolling off the purchase accounting, that's a negative effect we experience usually in the first year or so in a deal on top of the growth in Mobile. And Field Solutions really a story of let's call it stabilization but year-on-year progression from that perspective. And then E&C, of course, that has multiple pieces to it. One of the larger quarters that we have in Engineering & Construction is historically in our buildings business. And the buildings business is predominantly software business with associated margins that are higher than the rest of the portfolio. And as buildings becomes a larger portion of E&C, that plays out into the math to support the margin progression story.
Robert G. Painter: So there is a time element of leverage kicking in. From an EPS perspective, there is a slight impact on the non-operating income side that we look at happening in Q3 relative to Q2.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. Good question. At a high level, North America was flatter year-over-year. We had growth in Engineering & Construction and Mobile Solutions and I think that's what you would have been expecting as you were thinking about the reporting segments. The agriculture business is still weak in North America and maybe then the extension of that statement would be that for our ag numbers to have worked out, that meant outside of North America we have experienced good growth, relatively good growth.
Robert G. Painter: Let's say we're approaching that 20% level. And let me address Manhattan and then come back to the 20%. So the Manhattan Software business, I think, if you go back, no, it's not probably quite a year, but you go back some number of quarters, we talked about that and in the context of a margin point, it's less than a margin point now. So maybe it's a little less than half a margin point. It is progressing, but it's not where we want it to be or where we need it to be yet. From an accounting P&L perspective, and it's one of those businesses it's important to look at the deferred revenue that we have, the backlog, the pipeline and the cash flow that complements it, because the P&L can give us an incomplete view of the business. Nevertheless, of course, that's important and that business on an absolute basis, we continue to work at it to improve it. And then your question about does that improve in geospatial when you take the pieces and you start to add up the margin progression. One of the things that happens in fourth quarter, say, from your modeling perspective is we have our Dimensions User Conference in the fourth quarter. So that's one where we will see a set of expenses come onto us on the fourth quarter that would otherwise mask some of the margin improvements that would get us closer to the level you're talking about.
Robert G. Painter: I think I would, say, think about it from a whole second half of the year perspective on an out basis, and probably safer for you to model which quarter to quarter it happens.
Robert G. Painter: So last year, the restructuring activities of 2015 were at a level of about $30 million on an annualized basis. That was from 2015 actions. Year-to-date, we have another set of actions that would be above that level. Now they're more recent, so we wouldn't have seen much of that in the second quarter. As we start to look forward into the back half of the year, we would start to see some benefit of that. So, the easy answer is to look at the $30 million, divide by four and you have got a quarterly progression there. We've also done some, the divestitures we talk about that add a little bit to that. And pretty soon you can be, depending on which quarter we're comparing, call it a $7 million to $10 million a quarter positive impact.
Robert G. Painter: I think you probably characterized that correctly. But approaching that 19% exiting the year is a possibility for us. That's how we are thinking about the business in the second half of the year and trying to poise ourselves to exit the year as we come into 2017.
Robert G. Painter: Well, I would say it's safe to say that for what we would consider a threshold performance for any of the businesses would be 20%-plus operating margins, and higher the more software-centric given businesses and that's the nature of much of the business within Mobile Solutions from a working like endgame backwards, or let's call it, our intention level is to be above 20% in that business. And I think you're asking how do you step into that from an operating margin progression. I think really, this is the game of cumulative subscriber base, and I call it new product developments that can extend the value of what's already on the vehicle. So, if you think about the video intelligence system that we launched earlier this year, and it's been a quite a successful launch we think by most any measure. That's extending a capability to a current customer to further penetrating a customer with additional technology on the vehicle, on the fleet. So, between addressing new customers, additional technology under existing customers, looking at the portfolio, like Steve mentioned, how many of the top 200 for hire, and private fleets that we addressed today in the portfolio in Mobile Solutions, those customers that Steve talked about, the 170 plus where we have a customer touch point at Trimble, many of those may be just one of the products in a portfolio is at those 178 customers. So, there's an opportunity there in a sense, so you add that together and you start to have the pieces of the margin progression.
Robert G. Painter: So, from a reporting segment perspective, let's really think about it in two pieces. The transportation and logistics part of Mobile Solutions, which is the biggest part of the portfolio, and you'd have our Field Services Management business. So, mathematically, we need both to perform. Field Services Management, as we mentioned, we believe has turned the right direction and will continue on that path. So with the expectation of our Field Service Management business performing and the Mobile Solutions business performing to get, let's say, north of 20%, we don't see that, it wouldn't be our expectation for how we exit on a calendar year perspective, as we start to think about – we think about the business going forward. I'd probably tag another probably 12-plus months on to that. And that could have a function of how much new sales we're getting from customers, how much hardware growth that we do get, continue to get, let's say, big orders that could be a bit of a throttle on to that. But that's a throttle I think we would be a good problem to have, let's say.
