Rob Painter: So, I’ll start with the OEM agreements. That is status quo progress that we have in the Transportation segment. The additional OEM performance, we talked also about in agriculture as well as construction, but then Transportation would be status quo relationship with PACCAR. Our business is primarily in North America, really, the vast majority of our turnover is in North America in this reporting segment. However, we do have some business in Europe, India and Australia that are of note. And business in Europe really is reflective of a little bit of the market growth and expansion, but more so of our competitive product sets and gaining some ground in that respect in Europe.
Rob Painter: Sure. And I would agree, the business leaders are doing a nice job with operating leverage in addition to the revenue growth here over the last quarters. As we move forward, I mean, one of the things to put that into context is we have been talking for quite a while now about the operating margin expectations for the company overall. Getting Buildings and Infrastructure back to the let’s say the company average, it had been below the company average, getting Buildings and Infrastructure towards and at or above the Company average is of course is a big deal to the overall company model. So, as we move in -- and when I talk specifically to Q3, one of the drivers of that delta is up over couple of hundred basis points year-over-year, was the mix. And so, we did have a higher proportion of the software business growth in the quarter, which helped that margin improvement. So, in addition to operating leverage, let’s call that a function of cost management and we also had gross margin improvement, that gross margin improvement was driven a decent amount by the software mix. As we move forward, and let’s say into the balance of the year, we’d expect a similar profile in terms of margin growth and off leverage in the business. And then, if you turn the page and let’s move into 2018 while we are not yet guiding 2018, the notion of managing the operating leverage and in a 25% to 35% range is still very much affordable model. And so, I would expect Buildings and Infrastructure to conform within that range as we think about planning and managing the business.
Rob Painter: Yes. So, you’ve seen that in Q3 and you will also see that if you look forward into the Q4 expectation of a delta and the tax rate. There was an accounting change that went into effect this year that changed where -- essentially how the stock option compensation is treated or stock compensation, it’s not just a option, [indiscernible] so rather than flowing just through the balance sheet, there is also a P&L impact. So, what you would see this quarter as well as in Q4 is we have a number of RSUs that will last and the stock prices going up. And so, when you compare the price of the stock, when the RSUs were granted versus where the stock price is now that they are investing, the stock price has obviously gone up. That creates a further tax benefit, that brings -- that has the impact of bringing that tax rate down on a GAAP basis. So, this accounting is a new accounting, that’s gone into effect to show this on the P&L that started at the beginning of this year. So, what I would expect therefore on an ongoing basis is that the GAAP tax rate will have more volatility quarter to quarter and ergo, the non-GAAP tax rate and why we use it. 
Rob Painter: Sure. I would think of it, kind of three -- let’s say two-fold, machine type as well as geography. From a machine type perspective, we make kits that our technology on to variety of manufacturer models of excavators. So, whether it’s the manufacturer or the tonnage of that excavator, there is different let’s say kit that’s required to install the technology. So, I would call this early innings on the kit, the size of the kit, so the number of machines that we’re touching. And that’s one of the reasons, and Steve’s commentary that we see some buoyancy in terms of further upside in this. So, the early reaction we’ve gotten in the market, that should really apply to a small subset of the machine, the available machine. So, as the additional machines come on board, that’s obviously a very good thing for us. So, from a geographic perspective and how it relates to our global SITECH network, we do have a bit of a regional approach to the rollout. The nature of the work is actually done region to region can be very different, so how contractors use an excavator in the Nordics is different than how they use them in Asia, it’s different than how they use them in North America. So there’s intersection between the software, both application and embedded software. And the hardware is a pretty important factor. So, what we’ve seen is that really North America has been the primary geography that has had the uptake on the new product line. And the next region that we would expect to see come on line is Europe, because in Europe, they’re using excavators for many more applications than we use in let’s say in North America where we may be using a dozer or grader, an excavator, or separate machines you’ll see sometimes in Europe, especially maybe in Northern Europe that the excavator is let’s call multi-tool machine. And so there’s a level of software capability we’ll add to that for Europe as that comes online that becomes more attractive for European contractors to take on the technology.
Rob Painter: We didn’t speak to it but we do expect to see a modest positive in the numbers that were provided from FX.
Rob Painter: Relative to the spend, we do see a step-up in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And if were to be taking about the third quarter result that you would have, you could see part of that in the corporate on allocated line and the step-up, whether sequential a year -- year to year, you could see some of those additional expenses. And so, we would expect that to play through in Q4, as well and we expect to spend more in Q4 than we did in Q3. So that is, I would say largely as planned. And as I talked about last quarter as well how some of the timing of that goes. In terms of what’s -- I think the other part of your question is what impact might we expect to have when 606 actually goes to play. So, the reporting begins for the Q1 2018 results. So, our Q1 conference call, the first time we actually hear about the results. First start with say that our plan is to do a full retrospective, not a modified approach, but full retrospective. That means our 2016 and 2017 numbers will be represented in a 606 compliant from such that U.S. investors have comparability in investor community and comparability of the 2018 number versus 2017 number. And then, getting to the heart of the question is, we don’t expect it to have a fundamental shift in the majority of Trimble’s revenue and I think that’s sort of the punch line and the people are looking for. We do expect to have subset of the revenue that will change and the same actually holds true for some of the direct costs to obtain customer contract. So, some costs will come in, some costs will go out. And so, when you think about -- if I go back to the revenue, as you would see in 606, you would see such items such as term licenses that would be recognized, upfront as opposed to over time like they are today. We would see some of the projects or services implementation work we do. That will likely be recognized on a percent complete basis as opposed to at the end of contract completion. That would have the impact of moving -- potentially moving some revenue forward. And so, you have all these different revenue streams that move around. But really, it’s a slice of our revenue that’s impacted, not every single dollar of revenue in Trimble. And therefore, we don’t see a fundamental shift in the majority of our revenue.
Steve Berglund: Well, I think in some sense, we could point out -- point at probably a 10 or more year history that’s already in place in terms of combinations of the hardware and software and analytics thing applied. I think to the extent that it’s a new thing for the world, it’s a relatively old thing for Trimble because I think we’ve been doing it for some period of time. Certainly, the rate of -- capability, the rate of change has picked up with the ability to access more data through the cloud. So, I -- certainly, the rate of acceleration or the acceleration rate is increasing. But I think that it’s not necessarily a terribly new thing for Trimble and does not represent a step function for us in that sense. But, yes, that go-to-market and I would say it is a challenge, at least a challenge in terms of many of our markets from the standpoint. On the one hand -- and this not a new issue, I think we’ve been talking about it for some number of years. But, when it comes to software and information in analytics, that would tend to favor, let’s call a more direct style of distribution. But when there is a hardware element and that hardware breaks let’s say on a construction site or on a farm at 4 o’clock in the afternoon, there is a need to deal with it real time in a perfect world having it fixed by the next morning. So, I think in terms of our formula as a company, this isn’t universal, this is in the realm of construction and agriculture, transportation is a little bit more of a linear solution. But, I think it’s a mix, hybrid type distribution channel that’s actually going to be required to be successful in those markets. And again, the construction side, we point to, the SITECH channel we point, to the BuildingPoint channel. On the agriculture side, we point to Vantage channel that we are creating third-party but with let’s call, a whole lot of Trimble must be behind it. And then, again, in Transportation it -- solving the equation tends to be a relatively direct solution. So, the answer is that it depends. But, I think it’s again a not a straight forward sort of consideration, given the complexities of some of these markets.
Steve Berglund: So, the SX10 was released at the INTERGEO tradeshow roughly a year ago. It is actually a new category of instrument. It combines the characteristics of a conventional Total Station, long standing survey with those of the laser scanner and really creates a new category of survey instrument. There is no true competitor in the market yet after a year. We still tend to be production constraint, more so than market constraint on it. So, it has been a true hit in the marketplace. But, the other product -- couple of products that were released this year at INTERGEO roughly a month ago are Mechanical Total Stations, using the term broadly towards the lower end of the market, less robotics, less automation. But, these units do have auto focus, which again starts to introduce elements of robotics into low-end survey instruments, and again, represents a category but towards a lower price, cheaper, but bringing new functionality and changing the value to cost curve at the lower ends of the survey market. But I think the point there in Geospatial is that, okay, yes, it’s relatively mature market, every surveyor in existence has a tool of some sort or another that enables him or her to do his or her job. But, there is still the ability to replace that instrument with new capability if it brings new productivity and new functionality into play. So, I think that’s the Geospatial innovation. But, I think the other easy example -- a couple of easy other examples to point to in other places of company. First of all is this excavator product in machine control, which is getting very strong market reactions as it’s tested in the workplace and is bringing significant productivity improvements to let’s call it conventional excavator operations and in some ways is enabling on some construction sites, which have traditional called for both an excavator and a bulldozer being on site. The performance of the excavator is not good enough in those cases to actually eliminate the need to bring the bulldozer on the site. So, again, major cost factor for the contractor. And I’d say just to be a little democratic here, pointing at transportation over the last year, year and half, we brought video into the marketplace, which again has been something of a game-changer in terms of bringing new capability into the marketplace and altering a lot of the traditional economics in trucking. So, I think, again, we’re feeling reasonably good as a company in terms of the innovation that we’re displaying across the entire company.
Steve Berglund: If we start with the why, the why is about effectively tracking goods about -- across the supply chain. So, Blockchain itself is just an underlying let’s say technology of the shared ledger in the cloud. I think where we think we have a unique play to track those goods across the supply chain is because we think we have a unique insight into capacity and demand in the transportation market. So, if you think about the business we have in the mobility side with our PeopleNet business and then managing enterprise fleets, trucking fleets. You think about the capabilities we have with our TMW business which does the back office or transportation management systems for companies where you’re actually managing down to the level of the bill of lading. So, the bill of lading is to tell you where the pallet is, we have the GPS, to know where the vehicle is. And to be able to manage that fleet, we just recently acquired 10-4 Systems, which drives capabilities into shipper visibility or shipment visibility. Putting these pieces together, we think gives us unique insight into the market. And so, the play with Blockchain for us would be, think of full lifecycle transactional processing. So, think Smart Contracts, I think freight bids and we are one of the charter members of Blockchain of alliance and trucking -- Blockchain in Trucking Alliance. And we feel pretty good about the early work that we’re doing in this -- with this space.
Steve Berglund: I’ll start with ELD. So, in December of this year, the easy way to think about it is, you have to be either AOBRD or ELD client. AOBRD is an Automatic Onboard Recording Device. If you’re AOBRD compliant in December of this year, you have an additional two years until December of 2019 to become fully ELD compliant. So, we have seen throughout the year record amount of backlog and bookings coming in to the PeopleNet business, which is the business that has the most positive impact from the ELD mandate. What I would also want you to hear is that it’s not a cliff of demand that happens, starting in January because of this additional two-year window to go full ELD compliant. So, yes, we do have growth that’s been going up on a linear, maybe almost non-linear basis throughout the year, but we don’t expect that to fall off a cliff next year, maybe different next year, but it won’t go away because of that additional cycle and in addition because of the broader product offering between things like video and the OEM work that we do. So that’s the view on ELD. As it relates to ag and I think you said as we’re in the harvest season and coming into winter before too long, I mean, some level the die is cast on the harvesting and the crop prices. What we see at a macro level is stability and farm income, so that’d be one of the indicators we look at which means some of the input prices have stabilized. And so, it’s not that farm income has suddenly exploded or gone up, it’s just that it’s not continued to go down. And so, the stabilization of farm income is a net positive for us in our view. And then, if you look as well at let’s say, used machinery prices, the used market appears to have an -- inflected at this point, which is a positive sign as well. So, I’m not sure James that that’s the question you had on ag.
Steve Berglund: Yes. From our standpoint, it is a relatively confused landscape, because I think there are multiple plays from a Trimble perspective. So, first of all, starting with the high volume, the automotive standard world. We are working actually with a number of automotive focused providers. Now, the relative focus -- it’s not the exclusive focus, but the relatively major focus there is that really over the last - fairly late in the game, called over the last 18 months or so. Precision GPS or precision GNSS more properly has actually become a bigger factor in the solution set. It’s not just relative position, it’s absolute position that is part of the solution here. And in terms of providing centimeter level -- potentially a centimeter level accuracy, Trimble actually has significant advantage over many other providers in terms of being able to provide that through space based signals or otherwise. So, I think that there is a play for Trimble in multiple ways at the -- let’s call at the high volume end of the marketplace, but that’s probably the easiest one to point out at this point in time. And then, our interest is relative to autonomous -- increasing automation, I think we’re a little dubious in terms of just when full autonomy will reach some of these markets but let’s call it increasing levels of automation. Certainly in agriculture, there are possibilities there. Again, that may -- full autonomy may not actually be the answer in the medium term, there may be halfway houses, if you will, in terms of increased automation, simply because of some of the physical limitations such as you need to refill the seed bin or the fertilizer bin every 400 acres or so. Okay, that’s not -- that doesn’t mean you can send a machine out to do large fields and leave them alone for a day. So, again, automation is the key there. And then in construction certainly, it’s progressive. Transportation, there is certainly lots speed down there. We’re working on elements of that without being overly specific here. I would just say there, there is a solution for the open highway, then there is final mile problem. The final mile problem is not easy or straight forward and I think it is going to take some work. So, it will be again a progressive sort of thing. So, I would say is that we are not seeing it as the category onto it itself but we see automation and autonomy to be kind of embedded in our existing market position. I suppose the high volume stuff would be perhaps a kind of a new business category for us. Although we’re currently selling GNSS into automotive applications already. In that sense, it would be an extension as opposed to a new category. So, we are approaching in a fairly incremental fashion just because that’s what we think market will -- how the market will actually evolve.
Steve Berglund: Well, again, I think it’s progressive as opposed to kind of digital. There may never be a day when we say we are whole and complete and we’re done relative to it. So, I think that over the last five or six years, we have acquired most of the elements to formulate a complete solution. And I think, there is first of all, two considerations, really one from a products level, the other is from a go-to-market standpoint. And I think from the product perspective, it has been progressive. So, you’ve seen us talk more and more about platforms within the company whether it would be Trimble Connect or Trimble TPaaS. And so I think that increasingly, we’re talking about more integrated product platforms. So, I think there are increasing numbers of examples where okay we’re able to walk into a large account and kind of talk persuasively about the whole set of Trimble capabilities. And then there is the go-to-market aspect, which is really -- really starts with the segmentation of the market. So, we in effect acquired or developed a number of relative product silos over time. I think in terms of specific focus on certain markets such as architecture which is catch-up gave us, mechanical, electrical plumbing market, general contractors and then structural, all of those represent kind of points of products focus. We need to take care of those. But I think in terms of cases of large contractors, there is, call it, go-to-market challenge on our part. For example, we put out a press release about relationship with AECOM sometime ago and that would represent an example where we need to conform to a different pattern than our historical pattern. So, I think the response on go to market varies depending on kind of which market segment and which group of customers we’re talking about. But again, over the last few years, you’ve seen us talk more and more about kind of key account management. We’ve organized more persuasively around the idea of accounts. And you see relative successes such the new Beijing airport and what our other example of airports we’ve announced along the line. So, you’re seeing successes and this is both key accounts but it’s also maybe more generally about capturing large projects, which tends to be the integer value in construction projects more so than kind of account -- than enterprise level relationship. So, I think, again, progressing. I don’t think there is a defined end point, but I think increase -- as we integrate more product level, more from a go to market, I think we’re starting to see examples, whether we can announce them or not.
