Ann Duignan: Hi, good afternoon, I guess. It’s afternoon your time as well as ours. So good to hear all of you. My first question is around the resource business and it really performed significantly better than we had anticipated or forecasted. Can you just talk a little bit about what actually happened there? And how sustainable the margins are there? Or whether it was a one-off rollout of some new product? Thank you.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And then on Buildings and Infrastructure, how lack -- how little visibility do you really have on the hardware side in that business just given what's going on with construction, equipment, production and then sales? I know you listed it as a risk in one of the further out slides. But if you could just address where do you see the greatest risk to your business in Buildings and Infrastructure? Thank you.
Ann Duignan: So if I have to rank order your customers in B&I, the construction equipment probably the weakest sentiment maybe your contractors next given the projects just stopped. And then maybe the later cycle the architects, et cetera may be a little bit less impacted at this point is that a fair characterization? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Rob Painter: So yes, there was a few factors that contributed to the outperform in the quarter, which includes some of the following. So it wasn't early planting season overall, which we think helped the business to some degree. To the credit of the team the new product introductions that have come out in the last month seem to be doing well in the market and we think that that contributed. The other part that's in Resources and Utilities as a reporting segment is our correction services business, as well as a set of utility and local government businesses we have. Our correction services business had a very strong first quarter which we believe also correlated not only to the health of the business but the early planting season. And then our utilities business has been coming along nicely and the Cityworks acquisition that we completed a few months ago is off to a nice start. So a number of factors came together in the reporting segment to set up a next quarter.
Rob Painter: Well, there's certainly less visibility into the hardware business than the recurring revenue, software we have in the reporting segment. If I take it from an angle of sentiment from customers, I would say we're hearing mixed reports from customers so far. On the positive side, we came in -- as we came into the first quarter, our customers had backlog and the sentiment was strong. And then as the virus took hold, projects clearly slowed down or halted and that was a negative at the end of the quarter. So here in the next few, I'll say weeks or months, as our customers get back to work, we expect, I'd say the hardware side of the business to proverbially come back to work as well. And now what I would say is we also hear some concern about work coming into looking forward into 2021. And then we also hear shift in sentiment as you would expect around some of the end market work. So something like commercial work or energy-related work will be difficult work such as hospitals or data centers would be good. So the mix of work is we expect to change as well.
Rob Painter: That's pretty close. I'd say, I mean in the software businesses, overall the work we do is of essential nature. It's an ERP system you're either in business or you're not in -- the technology continues to be fundamental to the business and used. The -- then there is the next category I would take the construction equipment, let's say the contractors and then the third would be the OEM. So OEM-related revenue that we have I would put at the bottom of the list in the rank order.
Rob Painter: Well, the apps themselves are available to any company. So we didn't make a distinction of a customer not a customer. Now you'll probably get more value out of it if you are an existing customer and you're integrating into the bigger workflow. So I suspect there is a degree of let's say visibility or reach to potentially new customers but I should say it wasn't initiated as a marketing effort...
Rob Painter: That's a good question, Rob. Certainly, the trucking market and well I say North America is certainly challenged at the moment and we see that the same data that you do whether it's the new Class eight units or now inventory levels or spot market rates. So it is a tough macro setup here in the near -- I'll say near to midterm for trucking companies. And David covered looking back at Q1, there were actually also some quite bright spots. And -- but looking forward, yes, I would say the macro is more negative at this point. Now when we think about the defensibility of the business, we actually also think this becomes a strength for Trimble. And so far, as we've got the value proposition and we've got the balance sheet to continue to be able to invest in this business, we've seen a couple of competitive companies either go out of the market or significantly cut back in the last couple of weeks. So from a competitive position, we'll continue to play offense in this business. We think we've got a winning strategy and we believe in the team that we have that's pursuing the strategy. So, we won't back off of let's say the pursuit of the business strategy. And we're confident that as we come out of this that we'll come out of it stronger. And that's really a major part of the orientation, we have as we really came into this is make sure that we position ourselves to exit the crisis on a stronger competitive footing than how we entered it.
Rob Painter: Okay. So, if we think about the businesses sequentially in the second quarter, the short answer is, it wouldn't change my answer. I mean historically, you would expect to see construction especially civil construction coming on stronger in the second quarter given the summer season for construction. But we don't see that happening this in the second quarter. Otherwise, if you took a market let's say Resources and Utilities which is ag-centric, you would expect to see that seasonally decline in the second quarter if I use that as a sort of a contra example.
Rob Painter: Well we stay in close contact not only with our dealer partners around the world, but our end customers and prospects and the pipeline that we have in the various businesses. If we look at a market let's say, if we take Asia, we can start to see business coming back in parts of Asia. So, if we take a market like China, now China is a small portion of Trimble these days less than 2% of revenue. But we have started to see business come back. If we look in the Nordics, we can start to see some of the business coming back as well. And so there's a bit of a geographic overlay to that Rick that informs the point of view that we feel like we're seeing a light at the end of the tunnel. As we look in North America and the governments are local -- and I'll say local governments are starting to talk about return to work or lifting some of the restrictions that it certainly plays into some of our psychology of seeing people getting back to work. They can be on the other end of that phone call for the demand side of this equation.
Rob Painter: The way I'd approach that is from a business model perspective the ARR was up 7% in the first quarter and certainly outperforming -- differentially performing against the rest of the portfolio. And so the businesses associated with that I think are the ones to highlight. So the construction related ARR that we have. The correction services business has performed a really outstanding performance in the quarter and where we see that business now as well. So those would be a couple of the spots I would point out in particular.
Rob Painter: Well, if I took three revenue streams when we took the recurring revenue stream, we took the aggregate of software and perpetual software term software and professional services is the second category and then the third one being hardware. ARR is certainly the highest performer. And then in the -- I could reference you to the web tables that also break out the gross margin by these revenue types. And of course ARR is going to have the highest -- amongst the highest gross margins. And then if we look at -- and of course that grew in the quarter the ARR that was plus 7%. And on the other let's say book end would be the hardware businesses were at minus 8% year-over-year in the first quarter and are the lowest gross margin it's a category of revenue that we have. And then if we look at the perpetual software and the pro services that was down in the quarter and it'd be down, as well and therefore, extrapolate down in March, down in April as well. It's just not down as much as the hardware. So it's a kind of low single-digit range. And I'll just give you one more I guess nugget. Within that software category, we have about $80 million on a trailing 12-month basis of term license revenue that shows up as software not as a recurring revenue and that tranche within the software is growing nicely and is a profitable stream. So yes, you take the mix of that and you get the gross margin expansion which was clearly a major driver of the beat in the quarter on the EPS side.
Rob Painter: So if we look at the transportation management system, business or product line that we have, more than half bookings in the first quarter came as a subscription bookings. So really actually outperformed our own expectations we have as we do offer both subscription and perpetual offering. And of course, probably goes without saying that having that subscription offering becomes differentiably a good thing for customers in a tighter cash environment to move to an OpEx model. It also expands -- we believe expands an addressable market into the mid-size carriers through the conversion. If I look at the other businesses, I'll give you a couple of examples within -- actually within Buildings and Infrastructure. So we have a mechanical electrical plumbing business that's well over $100 million in revenue same thing with the steel and concrete structure business. Both of which we think we have significant opportunity to convert to subscription. And so in fact in our MEP business, we launched what's called Accubid Anywhere. That is a subscription offering and it's off to a decent start. Our structures business -- and I'd say a number of other businesses in Trimble that we have put in the category of -- we have some subscription elements of those businesses, but they are small elements of the business and we're really looking to accelerate and do the work I'd say the groundwork in 2020 to be able to really move quickly as we come in to next year. So not all of these actions I'm talking about will turn into increased ARR this year. But what I would want you to hear is that we think this is the time -- in this moment of crisis, this is the time to move faster on these conversions. And so we're shifting resources around shifting priorities around so that we can come to market faster with these offerings. We think it's the right thing to do for the long-term health of the business. And at a time of uncertainty like we have right now I think that cause for us to be decisive and this is one of those areas where we really are I think taking decisive action to move faster.
Rob Painter: No. So what I would say from an overall bookings perspective, if we just kind of step back and talk about software bookings or perpetual software bookings and let's separate January, February from kind of late March until now, the new bookings are off significantly at an aggregate level. And I would say, in fact, more than 50% down in these last few weeks. And that's quite consistent from what we hear in the market. So in the short-term the new bookings are really -- they really are taking a hit. Now you won't see that so much in the revenue today or in a Q2, Q3. It becomes -- this really becomes a factor of how long does this last? When we hit bottom, how long does that -- what's the nature of the slope out of it will determine how much of that plays into 2021. And so I do -- I should just note that that's what we see on the overall bookings level. And then if I was to get really specific about the transportation management system in the booking, we'll look at -- when we take a booking you want to make it equivalent to what a perpetual booking would be so that you understand the real underlying driver. So look at it on a multiyear basis so that you can equate it to the nature of what would have been a perpetual booking as you plan the business around that.
Rob Painter: Yes. So I would say Kristen, we have -- I'd say a meaningful part of our contract manufacturing comes out of Mexico in fact much more so than China. Of course, components come from China, but the manufacturing has a substantial elements in Mexico. And the short answer is -- is that we've been up and running. In fact in some cases, we've gotten more capacity from the contract manufacturers as other companies have either shut down temporarily or they weren't essential businesses whatever factor it may be that in some cases actually enabled resources, I'd say labor resources to move to Trimble product which helped in businesses like agriculture, for example in the first quarter that exceeded the expectations. We have one operation in Guadalajara that's under a state-at-home order that really isn't running at this point, but we had enough I'd say heads up on that to build a little bit of inventory and it happens to be a business where the demand is also quite down. So it hasn't been an impact. But where it really matters we've been up and running.
Rob Painter: Sure. So on infrastructure, I would say, we've got a mixed view. So let me take a global view first. If you look at the U.K., HS2 project got a notice to proceed. If you look at China, they've made some big infrastructure announcements. If we talk about the U.S., which I think is really what you're asking about. Well, what we know is our infrastructure is aging and that suggests that we're talking about when and not if something happens in infrastructure. So we are net optimistic that something will be happening on the funding side in the U.S. hopefully in the next package in the next relief package. But let's be clear that has not happened yet. I would note that many states in the last months or a couple of years have increased their own gas taxes. That enables them to take more control of their own destiny. But if we look at the flip side to be complete with the analysis, the FAST Act expires on September 30 and that needs to be either renewed or extended. If we look at state tax revenue that is greatly suffering and that would obviously benefit from some form of a federal backstop. And then we have the American Transportation Infrastructure Act of 2019. And there we still have bipartisan disagreement on how to pay for it. So there are a set of, I would say, what I would call negative or cautious factors, the flip side being that infrastructure is such an obvious and important place for us to make investments here in the U.S. and a logical -- would be a logical part of a relief package. But of course, we haven't seen it yet.
Rob Painter: Well, the first place we've looked in the current environment is internally. And in that respect, really pivoting we want to pivot faster -- I'll say, faster harder to the subscription model. We've referenced a couple of the software businesses. But I neglected to mention the announcement we made at CONEXPO that launch what we call Trimble Platform as a Service to essentially to bundle. Our machine controlling guidance with our construction productivity software to connect the office and the field together and which we think is a unique offering. And that to us is really the first place we want to think about and look. And so the extent at which we're leveraging balance sheet or P&L, because let's do the math, the movement from perpetual to a subscription offering does have a short-term drag to a P&L into cash. That's the first place that we want to look to that. Secondarily, as the market moves, whether that's geographies or end-markets, we will pivot fast to what the market makes available or what it has available. And just maybe as a small example. But I think meaningful is I take an example like a trade show. Well in our agriculture business in Brazil, the team in the first quarter did a virtual trade show in Brazil that had over 3,000 people attended. Extraordinary ingenuity and creativity from the team and I would call that taking advantage of what's available and taking action around what's available to us in an environment. Now you asked then about externally in acquisitions. And with that pivot how we think. I would say there wouldn't be a fundamental pivot is the short answer.
Rob Painter: That's a good question. So if we took an example -- I'll give you an example on agriculture and an example on civil construction. And an agriculture example, that looks like bundling our guidance hardware with our office software or office and field software with our correction services. So you can get that centimetre level accuracy on the farm that a farmer needs. That to me is, less about accounting and technology replacement. That's really about reducing friction in the buying process. Instead of three separate transactions, it can happen as one transaction at the proverbial point of sale. If we take the civil construction example and the technology, our Trimble Platform as a Service offering, we announced at ConExpo, that does have a technology assurance aspect to it. And so there we could see a cadence. Let's take an example of a GPS receiver. If we have a new GPS or really GNSS receiver available, we can use that to upgrade the kit that the customer has on-site to provide them the latest functionality. So technology assurance is a really meaningful part of the strategy. The technology continues to get better every year, not only the sensors or the hardware but really the firmware and the software. And so for us it's important to be able to have a continued touch point to be able to update that. To be able to update firmware and display software you have to have connectivity to the machine. And we have that through the telematics product lines. We have that will also integrate into this offering. Now if we get forensically -- forensic on the accounting of it, the accounting has what's called an SSP, which really breaks out the value into its parts. And so the accounting will dictate what will show up, on the P&L.
