Robert G. Painter: Well, what would be seasonal in Q3 is, of course, things like a PTO and vacations. But in terms of, let's say, the profile and the mix of the operating expenses, it's a reasonable baseline.
Robert G. Painter: No, aside from what you would see is things like different PTO policies we have in the business or some are people taking PTO and – right. That's a thing that would move expenses from quarter to – operating expenses from quarter to quarter. We also have trade shows, but you already picked that up as Q4.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. So in terms of the kind of relative size, it fits the profile of more of our tuck-in-size acquisitions, in that kind of $25 million or less purchase price range. So, I'm giving range when I say that. The business itself is one of the leading providers in the market. And when we look at the customer base, we look at the customer base to understand volatility, we might expect more – because it's an aftermarket business, this isn't an OEM business. So, I think of the volatility different, an OEM versus aftermarket. In fact many of the customers we have in the aftermarket are the multinationals who are now asking us to provide a global solution, because we may be working with a given customer in North America, Europe and the U.S. already today.
Robert G. Painter: And to add maybe a little color, let's say, if I take Viewpoint, for example, on the financial model, as we're seeing a faster shift than we expected. And I'd call this a positive, a faster shift onto the subscription model over the perpetual for the new bookings. So when we look at the ratio of that for new bookings, it's a fair amount ahead of where we expected it to be. So it's clearly a mid- to long-term tailwind for the business and for the business model. The other place, where I'd say, from a business model perspective, that's been an incremental surprise is there's a conversion that happens from the business, from the support and maintenance base over to a subscription. And so we're generating – the team is generating an uplift on those perpetual, maintenance fees that's well ahead of what we expected it to be. And so again, those are the kind of underlying, let's say, metrics and trends that will bode well for the business in the mid to long term. On the e-Builder side, it was a business that was growing at a very healthy clip and quite profitable when we acquired it, and that has continued. And so we see significant year-over-year increase in the underlying bookings. And so that helps us as we look forward now and starting to look forward into 2019 and beyond to have that much more confidence in the business model as we go forward.
Robert G. Painter: Well, in the e-Builder – well, actually both businesses, we're talking double-digit increases. So the e-Builder business predominantly serves the owner segment, so public and private owners. And that was a business that was growing over 20% a year when we acquired it. And that is playing through, the bookings year-to-date are growing faster than that. So I think that's the right way to look at it. We have well over 100,000 users who work on the e-Builder platform, managing over – or working on over 250,000 projects. Give you a data point, there has been over 7 million log-ins into the e-Builder system in 2018. So just from a sense of intensity of use, it's a mission-critical system for owners to manage those projects. And then on the Viewpoint side, to let's say go back to when we introduced the deal, that's a company with over 8,000 customers today, that segment roughly a third, a third, a third, mechanical/electrical/ plumbing contractors, civil contractors, and building contractors and each of those have their own unique, let's say, strategies and each of them uniquely map up to different elements of Trimble. And so we're seeing some really interesting activities happen between, let's say, the mechanical/electrical/plumbing team where we have estimating technologies in Trimble that maps well and favorable to the job cost system that Viewpoint manages and then that can round trip to understanding who the customers are from Viewpoint. And we actually had a couple of examples of selling field technologies that we have in the MEP realm to those contractors and starting to make those introductions. So, good things happening in both.
Robert G. Painter: The easiest one to describe is from the e-Builder business. So, the net – again, I would characterize it in terms of net retention ratio. The net retention ratio is over 100%. I think it's around 103%, 104%. That means that we're driving penetration in up-selling the existing base at a faster rate than which we're churning. So, the churn is a low-single digit we see in that business and it's very similar to the profile of e-Builder. In fact, to go and bend (38:57) another sort of – sorry, similar to profiling Viewpoint, that what we see in e-Builder and Viewpoint, I think a data point for that is when we're converting the customers who are already on a support and maintenance agreement over to the subscription, that's happening in the form of an uplift in the revenue. So in other words, as they convert over to subscription base, it's at a multiple times the level of what they're paying today. And we're doing that by value delivery. So, the ability to bring, we call it, the OTF, office/team/field solution to those customers, is delivering value that then translates into ability to upsell that. And so, that would look like, from a net retention perspective, if you're looking at that tranche of revenue, you'd see a significant net retention ratio on those.
Robert G. Painter: Yeah. Sure, Jerry. So, the short answer is yes, that is inclusive of the transition, the 6% to 9%. Where we end up in that 6% to 9%, I think, correlates to, let's say, the speed or pace, velocity of the transition, but it is planned within that range. And it's consistent with what we had put up at Investor Day. To give you a couple examples – specific examples in the construction realm, we've already been talking about it from Viewpoint and that accelerates the other business that has a conversion is the SketchUp business, the 3D modeling software that we have for architects, designers and makers. And so, we're beginning a transition in that business. We're actually beginning now, but we're really – for all intents and purposes, really will kick in, in the first quarter. And so, that's a significant transition for that business. And then, in the Transportation realm, we have subscription – we already have subscription offering in PeopleNet. That's the base business model, the onboard computer, and then it comes with a subscription associated with it. In our enterprise business, more the TMW software side, which is a Transportation Management System. So, it's the backbone system for our trucking company. We have a subscription today, but it's really primarily – if you look at the revenue base today, it's primarily a license sale with a long-tail support and maintenance agreement associated with it. And we're beginning to, let's say, speed that up and focus on that. So, that'd be the area in Transportation, Jerry.
Robert G. Painter: So, good afternoon, Gal. So hey, one thing I'd probably reference back to one on the Investor Day things we showed was the portfolio mix of the business going back. I think we compared it 2012 to 2017, but you could – 2012 could be a proxy for 2014 timeframe as well. And if you go back a few years ago, the business model had, I think, over 70% of the revenue – or excuse me, over 70% – 75% of the operating income was coming from two of our segments, Geospatial and Resources and Utilities. And I think it was about 60% of the revenue was coming from Geospatial and Resources and Utilities. You fast forward to 2017 and – want to say, 2017, that 76% of operating income that came from two reporting segments moved to 48%. And so, when you look at the balance we have of revenue and operating income in the business today, it's fundamentally different than where we were, whether you're comparing to 2014 or 2012. When you look at the revenue mix, which is what you're getting at, when you look at the level of recurring revenue we have today versus the level of recurring revenue we had going back a few years ago, that continues to move significantly up and as you note the $1 billion of ARR, if you're looking at the recurring revenue mix. That clearly brings more predictability to the business model, more software in the – obviously, more software in the portfolio as well. So as we think about then what that could look like and if you were modeling what that could look like on the up or the down, I guess, by the way, it's, I'd say, much less exposed to any individual given segment than we have been in the past.
Robert G. Painter: Well, what we see is that – and I think I'm probably making your point. What we see is the bookings are growing faster than the revenue that we're recognizing in the businesses. I don't have a ratio off the top of my head, I'm sorry, to quote for that. And then we could have different – right, we have a number of different types of software businesses between the perpetual we have and the SaaS businesses we already have, some in transition and then different segments. I'm not sure even at a company level that it may be like looking at our gross margins that it tells an incomplete story. But in the businesses like e-Builder, Viewpoint, and some of the other software business, I'll say, larger software businesses taking an 80/20 principle, we do continue to see the bookings growth outstripping the revenue that we're recognizing. And then as we think about the way we manage the business and we think about playing that forward, let's say, into 2019 or into a future period, particularly if you're looking at the recurring revenue, you can get a very good sense of what should be on the books for 2019. And then, as we plan the growth model for businesses, it makes for a relatively straightforward conversation around what the go-get is to complete the revenue, let's say, for a following period. And then from that aspect, you can look at the pipeline coverage you have against that go-get revenue. And then, we have metrics that we track for each of those stages of what arguably is pipeline management.
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So the Buildings and Infrastructure segment was a little bit short of revenue. Transportation was the segment that was ahead of the expectations. So we come into the quarter with an expectation by segment or by business, and there's always puts and takes along the way. Within Buildings and Infrastructure, if I look at it, we can look at it by revenue type or we can look at it by end market. If we're looking at it by end market, and it's more the vertical and horizontal construction, the vertical construction was at or really above the plan we had in the quarter. And on the horizontal side, a little bit short. Steve mentioned one of the micro effects on the U.S. government orders. So that's one of the businesses in the civil construction that got nicked a little bit there, that's hardware. From a – now if I'm going, I'm backing up and I'm talking software, no headwinds to speak of on the software. One area where we came, just give you an example, a couple million short on software would have been actually in Viewpoint versus my expectations. But that was on me, because when we acquired the company, it was under 605 accounting. And so in the process of acquiring them, we had to move them to 606. And so we made estimates for what the 606 revenue would look like, and that was different by a couple million. That has no reflection whatsoever on the business or the underlying health of the business. So that would be an example that really to me had no meaning, underlying meaning associated with that.
Robert G. Painter: Viewpoint in its first quarter under Trimble, profitability – percent profitability is below the segment average. And so that's – if you were trying to maybe look versus last year and see a sequential up and wondering if you would have seen a sequential flat or a sequential up from Q2 to Q3, we didn't see that. Or if you're looking year-over-year, you see it go down – the OI percentage go down year-over-year. And that's really discretely the Viewpoint effect. So you take Viewpoint out and the margins were up in the business. So we know where Viewpoint is in its cycle in the transition. And we see an actually really short runway for that to be above, if really not well above, the segment average. And all of that is consistent with what we communicated to investors when we did the deal. In fact, the profitability is ahead of where we communicated to investors when we did the deal. So very much within expectations. Another thing, Rick, you asked about on the software side, just to fill in one more blank. The Viewpoint business did see a higher mix of subscriptions than perpetual, than what we expected. So if you would have seen more perpetual revenue, you would have seen that come just a little bit more into the quarter. And when that underlying revenue shifts to subscription, that's going to have an impact in the very short term in a individual quarter but is a very good thing for the mid- to long-term health of the business.
Robert G. Painter: You're pretty much spot on. So just to – yeah, if we level set on the revised range, that's a 13% to 17% growth year-over-year, so 15% at the mid. We would see M&A being 9% to 10% growth, organic, call it, in the 5% to 8% growth range, and then FX, a headwind of 1%. So when we look at that delta that you started with on the midpoint, I'd actually call about half of that FX as opposed to a third, but call it a little closer to a half than a third. And that hits really all the segments, albeit Transportation less so because that's more North American-centric, that business. And then the other half is a mix of the micro effects that Steve talked about and some of the trade, geopolitical.
Robert G. Painter: Reasonably consistent with the mix we normally see, Kristen. But mobility, in the end, did push the whole segment – reporting segment up. The business had introduced some new product in the quarter and I think executed pretty well in the quarter as well to drive themselves forward. And if I even kind of, let's say, maybe up level it for that, well, the sentiment we hear from trucking companies at the moment is that the trucking companies are busy and the drivers shortages are gating factor in the industry. And then, at the same time, their costs are going up. So labor and gas is going up. And so, on one hand, you see pockets where trucking companies are too busy to pause and use the technology or implement the technology. And then in other pocket, you see them clamoring for the technology to help them retain drivers and optimize routes and increase the efficiency to handle the work. So, there's multiple things play at the same time here. And maybe the other thing too is given that mobility business has always been or historically been a subscription business, obviously, comes with the hardware at the beginning as well. I mean, there's an element of the cumulative effect of subscriber base there. So in aggregate, a really solid quarter from the teams in that segment.
Robert G. Painter: I think it does. And when we think about the autonomy space, we'll tend to describe it as automation. And if you think about it in an automation context, there's both the historic markets we serve such as civil construction or heavy construction and agriculture being the two primary ones. And then these newer activities have been in more in the automotive space. So, I'd say the cumulative – going back to 40 years history of Trimble and leadership in positioning technologies, prevision – positioning technologies, whether it's GNSS, laser, optical, inertial, sensors, there's a legacy there that cumulatively plays forward into the markets that we've served. That continues to help us innovate, and we'll have some new stuff we'll be showing at Dimensions next week in that realm. And then as it goes into the automotive – in the automotive realm, we've seen business that we have – or businesses that we have really kind of Geospatial-oriented technologies for high-definition mapping that autonomous car companies are using and deploying, and it's driven business for us. We see demand for treating systems that we sell for, well, ultimately our autonomous applications. And finally, really to the point of what you described, GM Super Cruise, one of the – I'd call it, real star businesses we have in the Trimble – inside of Trimble is our correction services business. And so, it's the ability to get ubiquitous, absolute position, high convergence time, high accuracy, and historically have been used in more of the industrial applications and so has a role, and sensor fusion in the automotive space. And so, that does seem to be generating more interest whether it's from the tier 1s or from the OEMs themselves or even at the silicon-level providers. So, there's a number of different ways in which we see activity happening in that business.
Steven W. Berglund: I think that's probably a sober way of looking at it, Ann. First of all, we haven't necessarily seen that kind of effect in the U.S. We're anticipating that there will be some effect. But then during the quarter, I was in Brazil and the Brazilian farmers are moving very quickly. So, I don't know exactly what will offset what and to what degree. But I think that, one, we have yet really to see any real effects in the U.S. So, we're being a little sober in terms of projecting an effect. But then I wouldn't doubt given the growth we've seen year-to-date already in Brazil and the temperament in Brazil to invest and invest heavily, I think, maybe we could make a pretty good go of it in terms of offsetting effects, but we'll have to see.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think none of them actually at this point rise to, let's call it, the status of kind of being worth talking about. I think it's just the aggregation of them caused the – it took a little bit off the edge for the third quarter. In terms of those that I would tend to look at most seriously at this point in time, I think it's probably the issues around trade. I think that one has longer-term implications. And I think probably, from our perspective, longer term than are generally assumed out there in the wider community. For example, I suspect that the switch from Chinese purchases of U.S. agricultural product to Brazil is not a temporary issue, but is going to effectively turn out to be permanent or close to permanent. The one effect that did affect us and kind of changed the trend of recent times is foreign exchange, just the general foreign exchange rates. And then particularly the – again, kind of the micro effects in Turkey and Russia and Brazil are affecting buying patterns there. But foreign exchange was slightly a negative impact to us in revenue in the quarter. So it's having that effect. But I would say, more significantly, it is having an effect in terms of the markets in Turkey, Russia and Brazil. So at this point in time, none of them are I'd say material to us, but some have the potential for becoming longer term and more meaningful issues.
Steven W. Berglund: Let me give you the high-level view and maybe Rob's got some detail to throw out there. But I would say at this point in time, we're not seeing, what I would recall, pockets of weakness that are meaningful. I think there are certain regions of the world that are slower, but none of the major regions at this point in time. So, I think that we're kind of reading the headlines, like everyone else, and speculating a little bit about the future. But at this moment in time, I don't think we're driving anything from the construction markets that would cause us concern ourselves in terms of direct evidence. A lot of contractors are still sitting out there with two years worth of backlog and, as you point out, are desperate in terms of finding ways to complete that backlog. So, I think that hard to put specific data around it, but I think that the shortage of labor is definitely impacting the industry. It's a major complaint among contractors. So, I think that right now the markets are – remain strong and we're seeing kind of no shifts at this point.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, I think that kind of looking at the drivers of it. First, Brazil is just too big of a market to ignore in the long term, okay? It's got its current set of issues. It's relatively confused place at this point in time. But you look at the 5 to 10, it's just too big of a market and too vibrant and robust of a market to ignore. It's kind of starting point. We have a strong presence in agriculture. We have taken steps over the last few years to strengthen our position in agriculture in terms of our go-to-market capabilities. Construction right at the moment is a fairly dormant issue for us. Given the issues of the last few years in Brazil, there isn't much of a construction market really to pursue. And so, we're just waiting for that to revive. But the market that is – where there's definitely a need set in Brazil is transportation. Brazil is inherently limited by its transportation system, whether it be road or rail. And so, there's a lot of opportunity for us to bring technology into some of these realms and have an impact. So, I think we pointed out that, okay, we've got some, I think, special plays into – particularly into agriculture and forestry where we can take our transportation solutions into those industries on kind of a focused basis. But then I think that in terms of what does Trimble have to offer Veltec, what does Trimble have to offer Brazil. There is a lot of product functionality. There is a lot of product capability sitting in our repository outside of Brazil that we can bring to Brazil. So, we can actually stage manage in the next year or two a great deal of innovation in Brazil, simply by bringing in capabilities from other parts of the world. So, all in all, we see Veltec as a platform play, it's a beginning point, it's a beachhead, and we believe we can grow it.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So I think the users conference was, shall we say, a major affirmation in terms of the view that there is significant opportunity for cross (58:39) sharing. So the PeopleNet and TMW acquisitions are now getting to be, what, six years ago. We were not in a rush to essentially kind of force a one brand concept there, because at the time PeopleNet had a distinct universe of customers. TMW had their own universe. There was some crossover, but it was kind of two distinct universes. I think consistent with the other Trimble businesses, this idea of being able to offer soup to nuts, being able to offer the comprehensive solution that engages both the enterprise and the mobile assets and look at it comprehensively has become more and more attractive as the technology has advanced. It's not universal. There are PeopleNet customers who use a competitor TMW and probably vice versa. That still exists and we're perfectly comfortable with that. But I think the opportunity for selling a comprehensive solution of offering the C-level suite at some of these companies, one-stop shopping with the advantages of full and complete integration, I think that has become increasingly more attractive. And we made the decision in the last, well, 12 to 18 months really to recognize the reality. So, this was really the rollout of the Trimble brand in Transportation, no equivocation. And I would say the response from the user group was highly enthusiastic to the idea of a Trimble brand as opposed to distinct TMW or PeopleNet brands. So, yeah, I think it was turned out to be a major success for us.
