Steve Berglund: Good afternoon. This will be my 83rd, and final, quarterly conference call. To put things in context, my first call for Trimble for the first fiscal quarter of 1999, reported revenue of $68.8 million and operating income of $3.7 million. Today, I will leave the discussion of the quarter to Rob and I will focus on today’s CEO succession announcement. Rob’s appointment represents the outcome of a multi-year process. Virtually every board meeting for years has featured a discussion and evaluation of talent with an emphasis on individuals with short and long-term CEO level capabilities. The evolution of the company has made this a dynamic process as the company has changed, so has the CEO specification. This progression has included the shift from product to solutions, the increasing role of software, and most recently, the emphasis on recurring revenue and services. As a result of the process the board came to the conclusion that an inside candidate would generally be preferable for two reasons. First, we are a relatively complex company with a nuanced strategy and growing numbers of common platforms that would be a challenge for an outsider to assimilate. Second, our company culture is central to our success and it was important to find an individual that represented both the continuity of that culture while acting as an agent of healthy change. Both the board and I believe we have found the right blend in Rob. In his 13 plus years with Trimble he has performed a number of roles that have ranged from the strategic to the operational. In his last almost four years as CFO he has developed a deep understanding of Trimble’s opportunities and challenges. He has also been a champion for a number of needed initiatives including the conversion to SaaS, improved rationalization of our portfolio and margin expansion. Another important consideration is that he is well known to the financial community and trusted. As indicated in the press release, we expect to fill the CFO role in the near future with a veteran CFO. As executive chair, I do not expect to play a direct role in company operations. Rob and I have developed a flexible range of targeted activities that will enable me to support him. Activities will include leveraging the external network I have established over 20 years and playing targeted roles to help develop specific strategies, initiatives and people. Beyond that, I hope to be able to provide him generally useful advice as he settles in. Let me now turn the call over to the soon to be third CEO in Trimble’s history.
Steve Berglund: Well, let me start, because I think, and then I’ll look to Rob to carry the substance of the question, because I think again Rob represents kind of a combination of continuity and change in a single package. So I think that on the one hand, I think in terms of the businesses and what we’re trying to achieve with them in a large scope is going to remain on change. And I think my relative priority is okay. The – if you look at the Trimble’s 40 years, Trimble has had two CEOs, Charlie who is Founder and he had a unique relationship with the Board. And I came in during a period of great stress and okay, I attempted provide some leadership, but I think there’s an opportunity to – for the Board to sit back and kind of reflect of on what its role is. So I would hope that in combination with Rob that we redefine maybe a more robust relationship between management and the Board and get the Board more engaged with strategy, find the mechanisms to get the Board more engaged constructively with strategy. So I think that’s not a strategic in and of itself, but I would say that would be one of my priorities in the coming year. But otherwise I think the broad strokes remain in place. And then Rob puts his own unique spin and emphasis on those. And certainly, he’s demonstrated that while he has been the principal leader within the company on the SaaS conversion, the conversion of the SaaS model. And I suspect to when I throw it over to him, that’s going to be a point of emphasis, which was certainly a consideration in this whole decision making process. So I’ll let him talk now.
Steve Berglund: Okay. Rob’s pointing at me. I guess, it’s fine to answer. He’s being deferential here. So I think, Rob and his remarks talked about being what offensive or taking the offense. And I think that is still our mentality. I think that if you look at the three major realms of construction, agriculture and transportation, I would point in particular both transportation and construction and still going through what I would call a pretty rapid change. And with the belief that in the next couple of years, the end game relative to the competitive this date, ultimate steady state competitive mixtures going to start to reflect. So this is not a five year sort of DL. I think it’s more like a two year given the rate of consolidation and such. So I think that our intention certainly in, again emphasizing transportation and construction is to be on the offense, because I think we have a unique set of capabilities at this point in time and we have a unique position in the marketplace and it’s in some sense ours to win or lose and we certainly intend to win. So now speaking more from a board perspective, I think Rob is got a great deal of support and degrees of freedom to define what winning – what the winning formula is, but I think that that is the relative mindset we’re bringing. Now that does not automatically mean acquisition after acquisition, but I think that does play a role in this, in terms of the kind of the competitive winner is going to be the one with the best array of assets that solves the total problem, certainly in both transportation and in construction. So I think maybe more of an attitude than a set of specifics here, but I think maybe, they gives you some color.
Rob Painter: Well, on the – I think the biggest factor would be where we land on trade, if it was to move meaningfully to the positive or the negative. I think the sentiment there would be the singular factor that I’d point out Jonathan. To get more micro, it’d be a little bit of a repeat of what we – what I went through at the end. I think Brexit would probably be also on the list and how this unfolds here in the coming weeks. I would probably be another one who had that put forward.
Rob Painter: Yes, there’s a couple of ways to think about that. At one level, there is little mathematical lapping effect, which say kind of Q2 some – next year or so. We’d start to lap when we started really seeing the drawback on the OEM businesses call that a mathematical answer at a more fundamental answer. Stepping back to Trimble overall, we have talked before about 15% of our revenue being OEM oriented and 85% being aftermarket oriented. Not all of that 15% is the exact same type of OEM revenue. But I’ll use that quantitative bit to say that to extent that OEMs come back that is in the ag market or the trucking market or the construction market. There’s a natural benefit from us and natural correlation we have to that. So if they don’t go up, I think we would correlate to that and if they do recover or if aspects recover or certain geographies or machine types, we recovered more than others, then that could be a catalyst for us.
Rob Painter: Hi Colin, so you’re correct that there’s been a decent amount of consolidation. I think if you play hind – rearview mirror on the strategy and the moves that we made particularly with Viewpoint and e-Builder, we are on the right side of that curve. We thought that was – there was a context for consolidation that was likely to occur we were on the, I’d say pretty near front-end of that and then in fact it happened. So I think we sort of feel sort of empathically positive about the timing of the move in addition of course to the businesses themselves. In terms of let’s say the nature of competition and how that’s changing, since there’s been a bit of consolidation. I actually wouldn’t say that there’s been any fundamental changes at this point. Maybe there’s an element where people are digesting the activities that they’ve done. But I think also if you really put it in context of the end markets, these markets are let’s say, construction, a large global underserved, underpenetrated, fragmented markets. And so I think that there’s a fair – I think what it also shows us that’s there’s a fair amount of room for a number of players. With respect to pricing dynamics, I wouldn’t say there’s anything specific to point out there at this point. But I certainly understand where you were going with the question. I think time will tell.
Rob Painter: Yes, good question. I think it is fair to say that we have incrementally moving more towards the automotive market, especially at the, I’ll say the intersection points where efforts in automotive support what we’re doing in the off-road market. So for instance, with the – if you take the Qualcomm announcement, it’s essentially it has our software on the chip sets such that customers can utilize our RTX correction services. Whether those correction services are agnostic to whether something’s on the road or off the road. So to the extent that we are enabling, let’s say in on highway market, we believe that’s in support of what we’re doing off-road and we believe there’s elements that play the other way where the work we’re doing off-road could be of benefit to opportunities on highway. So I do think it’s a fair characterization to say that it does incrementally have us moving more towards thinking on and off-road. One of the areas where we’ve been active in on-road autonomy, but I wouldn’t necessarily call out autonomy per se kind of an indirect way is we provide high definition mapping engines data collection devices that autonomous companies are using to build their own HD maps. So maybe that’s selling the axes and shovels for those creating the business. And then you have areas where we’re participating with the correction services on highway meets what we’re doing off highway, so quite a bit of activity at the moment.
Rob Painter: It’s a good question, Ann. So let me break that into a couple aspects. So if we think about the fourth quarter and the ELD conversions, I think there could be upwards of a couple points of headwind to the margins we might’ve otherwise expected to see in the business. And I think about that almost relative to Q4 2018 when I say that. Normally we see a sequential growth in the margins and transportation in the fourth quarter. And we would definitely expect to see that again. And the fourth quarter, some of that actually just policy with the way the PTO is accounted for in that particular part of the business. And some of it’s the nature of the recurring revenue growth. But there’s a multi-year pattern that you can see in terms of expansion of margins on a sequential basis. And so we would expect to see that. We think it could have been perhaps a couple points higher or not for some of these pressures coming at the – towards the end of the mandate. And as you know, it’s the part two of the two-part mandate going into effect. To step back and put it in a little more context, I know, we talk a lot about – we’ve talked a lot about ELD and that becomes a bit of the, let’s say the highlight or the headline for the transportation segment. We do many other things as you know in the Transportation segment. If you really start to breakdown what’s ELD specific, it may be 15% or so of the reporting segment. We do many other things in that segment. So as we turn to 2020 and you asked about how that this might impact margins as we come into 2020, that same pressure I’m talking about at the moment and then to the rest of the year I think could come into – we think could come into the beginning of Q2. So more first half dynamic as those implementations, we think we’ll bleed into the beginning of next year, the first three or four months of next year at least we’re planning for that to happen. Relative to IT budgets and where spend may go for transportation companies, I think it’s fair to say that there may be some degree of fatigue on ELD spend as we come into next year. And that becomes the good news for the rest of the portfolio that’s not ELD. We do many other things both on mobility, technologies, enterprise technologies, the mapping and routing engine technologies, and so we have a conviction that we’ll see those IT budgets move to other areas. And that would inform our point of view on next year, and where we see growth opportunity in the segment.
Rob Painter: Well, first, I’m glad you saw the report. Second, it does serve as a good forcing function internally to help us work towards a common vision. And in a tactical level, so the third thing, at a tactical level, we look at the ENR 400 is a proxy for where there’s the best fit for the aspects we talked about in that report with owners, contractors, subcontractors coming together and the benefits of that. So that naturally when you’ve taken list of an ENR 400, you can imagine taking the various Trimble capabilities, what we’re already doing in these different businesses, mapping them across the ENR 400 then stepping back from that. And then looking at from a, if you may call it a key account type go-to-market strategy, how do we think about engaging those customers. And I’ll say in a more effective manner than we’re doing perhaps independently. I’m doing that more together. And then it’s just working them at some level, one by one getting off the spreadsheets and just getting on the street and doing the work.
Rob Painter: So Jerry, I mean there is one element of I’ll stay somewhat high level and so far as I’m still the CFO until January. But to say a bit more, I know I mentioned in the opening comments, taking a fresh look at the portfolio along with the strategy, structure and systems and the business. To break that down just a little bit more at a strategy level and this vision or the mission of transformation and the vision of delivering products and service at the intersection of physical and digital worlds, we will continue doing that. That’s – that those building blocks have been in place for the better part of 20 years. And what I see as doing is building a data strategy to further connect the industry lifecycles we have. I think we will continue to develop more subscription business models. When I look at the people in Trimble, I think we employ extraordinary people and the objective would be to develop and engage our people even more. If I think about the aspect or dimension of execution, we have a unique, I think somewhat unique organizational model. It’s a decentralized structure. We’ll continue to execute in a decentralized structure. I mean keeping that intimacy with the markets and the accountability of the P&L that we have at the business units. And I think we can create more alignment and efficiencies around that model. And at some level change of CEO or not change of CEO, these are activities we would have been moving towards. I would really tell, we’d be moving towards anyway. So that maybe that gives you a little bit of a flavor and certainly as we come into next year. There’ll be another level of specificity to put on top of that.
Rob Painter: Sure. And I understand, yes, you would naturally see that level of detail. The best indicator to use would be the ARR. And at an ARR level, we were about 19% ARR growth in the combined Viewpoint and e-Builder business, that’s obviously a healthy number. We see no reason that that doesn’t, we can’t continue that kind of performance as evidenced the e-Builder team. I mentioned the User Conferences and just to give you a sense of momentum and energy in those businesses, the e-Builder business User Conference had I think over 600 attendees, the Viewpoint User Conference had over 2,100 customer attendees there. It’s quite inspiring actually to be with both of these management teams and then to see how that customers engaged with the teams. You put that together and it really has us feeling quite optimistic about where we are with those businesses and then take it in combination with the rest of the Trimble portfolio and connecting to what Ann was asking about a couple of minutes ago. And it sets out for us what we think is the right strategy with a lot of head room overtime.
Rob Painter: And yes, so I probably should step back for just a moment. So we are – we have supplementary web tables that we put out with the release. One of the things that we introduced last quarter was a revenue breakdown by type and the type is hardware, software, recurring and professional services. I mean, it’s an effort to really for investors better align how we talk about the business with you having the ability to actually deconstruct it yourself. So we provided that – we provide that revenue breakdown now for the company. And the goal would be, if things go according to plan next year to align the face of the financials that is the cue to the same kind of categories. The incremental addition we made this quarter was adding gross margin supplemental information that aligns with those revenue categories. And so in the web table that Jerry referring to, you can now see the gross margins by the revenue types, again, hardware, software, recurring and professional services. Okay. So Jerry, the specific question you had on pro services, if you look over the time period, we’ve provided over the last three years, the pro serve category is the one that jumps around the most category to category. And that’s really reflective of revenue recognition policies and the nature of how explain this – the nature of how the recognition can work on, if you have a percent to complete versus time and materials type contracts and how they may push from one quarter to another quarter. We had a nice benefit in the construction software business in Q3, where we were able to move to a percent complete recognition. And so we’re able to catch up some revenue and some that had 100% margin associated with it in the third corridor. So I would call that a discrete change that gave us that bump in third quarter, I wouldn’t call that something I would expect to continue on an ongoing basis.
Rob Painter: Well, I would say, at the moment that as we all know, the conditions are somewhat challenging in the market. If you do the walk around the world, I’d say there’s been more challenging spots than opportunistic spots. What we’ve – just to give you a few examples, Argentina has become a very difficult market with the political, I’ll say, instability or situation in Argentina, I mean, how that’s working out with farmers in Argentina in Q3. And Brazil, you’ve seen a number of companies including us, are mentioning the lack of financing that was in place. It wasn’t in place enough in the third quarter to be a catalyst for sales in the quarter. That is now in place. So that would be a positive thing to, as we move forward, Brazil should look incrementally better if the financing stays in place. Obviously, China lost about 40% with the swine flu. So 40% of the swine population, that had some ripple effects around the world. You’ve seen some protests in Germany, farmers with some government policy. So there’s a set of challenges for sure around the world, where we saw bright spots. I would say Australia in the third quarter was a good market for us, where I would also say as a bright spot for us is new product introduction. So at ag or tech, I think we’ll have the bigger splash launch, but we have launched the weed seeker to product. And that’s the kind of nature of the things that we need to do in the – excuse me, in the ag business to create our control of our own destiny. The displays that we’ve launched about a year ago, we call them GFX, initial had its roll out and success outside of North America. Now, we’re starting to be able to bring them into the America as we continue to add firmware, which further enables the displays to be relevant for this market. So that can continue to product innovation is a big deal continuing to work the go to market channels. There’s always an element of not just looking at what’s happening in the world, but okay, what can – we can control and what can we do better on. And so we think about our go-to-market channel, which is a competitive advantage for us and continuing to work at. In addition to the last thing, I guess, I’d mentioned is, we have continue to add a number of OEM relationships and while OEMs are challenged at the moment to the extent that we see the OEMs find any green shoots next year that would be good for that aspect of the business. And I think I probably, like you, I’ve heard some commentary from that part of the universe that’s been slightly positive for next year. So we pay attention to that as well.
Rob Painter: Well, of the four reporting segments we have, Geospatial is the one that we’ve called as the lower – I’ll say, lower growth segment naturally compared to let’s say B&I, where we think that’s got the most organic growth potential in it. So at some level, I would say, it remains the more mature of the markets where we have. And when I say that it’s a market set of businesses or market to reporting segment, where we have high ambitions and we think we’re taking tactical and strategic moves to enable growth to happen in Geospatial. There, I would – I’d like I talked about ag, I would look at new product categories two years ago, we had talked about the SX 10 for the better part of a year. The combination of a scanner and a total station, the X7 I talked about on the call, I wouldn’t be an indicative of really entering the mainstream 3D laser scanning market. And I would say it’s a category, where we were somewhat absent from. And we think there’s a lot of opportunity in there to grow that aspect of the business. So the China OEMs or its just the OEM business in general, we have some parts of that, we think will be hard to recover, no doubt. At the same time, some of the technologies that are for us involved in the autonomy world are in the Geospatial segment. And we think that, we’ve got some avenues of growth to be able to achieve out of autonomy in a number of technologies that spawn out of Geospatial. So definitely think that there’s opportunities for good things to happen in the business and for growth to happen in the business.
Rob Painter: Sure, Rob. I think that there is a little creeping uncertainty, obviously clearly, it wasn’t enough to, I’ll say move the needle markedly on the B&I segment, but we are seeing some of that uncertainty into the buying behavior. Now what aspect is uncertainty and these pauses and waiting to see, which way the wind’s going to blow on some, whether it’s trade or construction backlogs. I think that part is a little hard to read or is it really a turn in fundamentals. There’s – obviously, there’s tons of different indicators out there. You could look at the architecture index and say, okay, at an inflected to the negative, but if I’m in – I’ll stay in North America. In the civil business, contractors have healthy backlog of business. They may not be growing that backlog like they were at the last couple of years. But there’s a healthy backlog of business and we saw double-digit growth for example in North America in the civil construction business and our field sales for what we do in machine control and guidance. Back to software, continued to see – we did continue to see growth. I do think it was incrementally off. So we certainly watched that and I would close by reiterating, like that ARR growth at 19% and the combined e-Builder and Viewpoint, which is a subset of that, not that leads us to feel good about the prospects for those businesses coming into 2020. We take the architecture and design business or the SketchUp product. That’s also one of the software businesses in B&I, the SketchUp units – the revenues down year-over-year, because we have converted to a SaaS model. That’d be – if you call that the bad news. The good news is that the units are up 50% year-over-year, it’s the third quarter in a row where we’ve had by 50% up on units. It’s safe to say while we exceeded the expectations. We had four at the teams done a heck of a job with the conversion that’s clearly expanded the addressable market even further than we thought it would expand. And that’s clearly a really good thing for us in the long-term. So nothing definitive, right, I can see some puts and takes within that.
Rob Painter: And it’ll just overlay a financial lens to the strategic landscape. If I’d look at it perspective of liquidity and leverage, the net debt to EBITDA of 2.13x, positions us well to be able to make moves, should they be available or we look at the free cash flow in the business that we’re generating well over the call it the $500 million range. The business produces the cash flow to enable us to play offense. And when we look at, for instance, the – we have a $1.25 billion revolver that’s on untapped and available to we have stacked maturities on the debt. So we put the, I’ll say, component pieces together underneath this that can enable us to assert ourselves on the strategic front and I think we’re well enabled in order to do so.
Rob Painter: From that competitive landscape, we think we’re in a better position competitively in, we put 13% to 14% of our revenue back into R&D and that innovation engine and something we continue to intend to have a central to the strategy of the company. And if you look at the relative market share of many of the Trimble franchise businesses, our ability to put more money back into innovation at our size and to be able to out invest a competition, we think we’ll continue to be a good thing for the, I say, the long-term sustainable competitive advantage of the businesses that we have. So from that perspective, we would say we feel like we’re in a good spot and getting better if it’s even if maybe it’s incrementally better, which those are the kinds of things that can get masked obviously in an environment. Like this is, trying to reconcile absolute and relative results, but I’d say pretty much across the board we feel like we’re in a good, a good and getting better competitive position.
Rob Painter: I would say – at the moment, I’d say emphatically, the portfolio that we have. So we don’t have an express intention to add a vertical that we’re not currently serving today and to go after that. We think there’s a lot of room within the markets we serve. We clearly serve a number of markets already today. And so intention is to stay within the markets that we’re in.
