Steven W. Berglund: I think it leads to an order of approximation. I think our fundamental view is to have kind of the gross margins at this level that you're seeing, not necessarily tied to any particular quarter, but this higher run rate of gross margin, there is no structural reason why it should come down. I think maybe the fourth quarter for special reasons was maybe a little bit elevated but kind of blending the third and fourth quarter together, I think you start to get something close to what I would call the structural gross margin going forward. Again gross margin will be heavily dependent upon product mix, so it will bounce around a bit, but I think what you see is likely what you're going to get going forward. So I guess I would caution against assuming that the upward trend will continue but I think our view going forward is that gross margins around this level are relatively bankable going forward subject to kind of a change in mix of business.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I think it's all of the above. So again nothing has changed from our view after the third quarter. We did deliver a number above 10% growth in the fourth quarter and our current expectation is that we should be able to do that in 2014. So I think a lot that we expressed last quarter is still valid and the relative elements of that. Yes, the macro economics here do matter to us, they do affect the markets throughout in California and much wider [indiscernible], all this also matters to us, but there are a number of bankers. So I think in terms of new product introductions we're sitting with a richer portfolio set, product portfolio set than we did a year ago. That tends to drive revenue. We have entered some new product categories. Maybe the most notable was irrigation. We believe particularly in a lot of portion of the year that gives us I hope quite a bit of revenue upside as we take the product and introduce it into our channel. I think geography does matter. We're aiming a number of markets that are not particularly penetrated and seeing rapid growth and I called out Europe in the script, particularly Eastern Europe, and I would take places like China are rapidly growing, at this moment in time anyway, not a whole lot of competitive pressures. And so I think it would be easier without a doubt to sell into a market with more equipment sales, it's just easier to sell into new equipment sales, but at the same time I think what we're seeing is that the emphasis on the U.S. is that the market for used equipment is actually quite strong and we are finding that we can retrofit onto the used equipment market reasonably well. So we are exposed to but not necessarily captive to the equipment market. So I think it's no one factor, it's a combination of factors and that's kind of a [indiscernible] get some stability on to the point where we think that we have a reasonable year ahead of us in Agriculture.
Steven W. Berglund: So first of all I think there's probably more inorganic in the 20% maybe than you are calculating, so [indiscernible] inorganic element in that. Now part of this is just kind of some revenue recognition effects coming out of the acquisitions but I think it would be misleading you if I told you that the largest part of that 20% was organic. There are some seasonal elements in the business tied to the budgetary year, so I would say in general the fourth quarter will tend to be higher but not to any great extent. It's seasonal but not near to the extent that we've seen in construction and agriculture. So I think that we will see reasonable growth in this segment in the next year. In the script I talked to being consistent with the rest of the Company. So I think we are expecting double-digit growth in the segment in the year and that would be organic. And I think that we are looking later in the year I think there is a fair opportunity for us to make some innovation in this marketplace. We have acquired PeopleNet, we have acquired TMW, we have acquired LK in the transportation and logistics realm, and there is significant opportunity for us to bring those product solutions together to more tightly couple them and to create what would be a unique market offering to this market. And so I think we are seeing, we are anticipating both those effects later in the year and into 2015.
Steven W. Berglund: I wouldn't necessarily want to be that specific but I think that ultimately we think that from a structural standpoint we believe we are on our way to have 20% or so operating margin here. I think while you saw the quarterly number being up around 18% in the fourth quarter and so I think that that serves the benchmark. We don't anticipate moving backwards from that. There may be a quarter [indiscernible] then again it's in product mix with heavier hardware than it is software at any given quarter, but basically we think we've got a baseline here and that we'll continue to improve off of this baseline. I don't know that I necessarily want to commit to a number, [indiscernible].
Steven W. Berglund: So I think part of this is just is the comparative exercise. So in the first half of 2013, we suffered in survey instruments where we actually saw year-over-year declines, and so some of this is definitely a result – [indiscernible] to the modest level that is not yet [indiscernible] what I would call the long-term secular growth rate but survey instruments is particularly in the first half of the year is going to just show better but it's against a weak baseline from the year before. Heavy civil is I think will be up year-to-year if nothing else, driven by product innovation but it's still what I would call a market that's still not conforming to the long-term trend. For example in U.S. the Highway Bill is still on the sidelines, in Europe [indiscernible], so I think heavy civil, we're not anticipating a blowout year, we're just a expecting a better year 2014 compared to 2013. I think the one point of relative robustness, although I'm not sure I want to use that word, but yes, is particularly in U.S. residential and commercial is up and it is certainly not back to the levels we saw back in 2006 and 2007 but it is up against recent years and that's creating enough [indiscernible] enthusiasm or interest in the future if the contractors are both open to investing in technology, increasingly have no alternative to invest in technology to stay competitive. The threshold value to the competitive and contracting business in both heavy civil and in a vertical construction and [indiscernible] construction is margins are tough and the only way to really compete is with technology. So what we're seeing here is coming into a [indiscernible] where there are projects, is effectively the penetration on new projects is probably getting much, much higher than it would have been just a few years ago. So it's both the uptick in marketplace but also increased penetration as money is being spent on new projects. So I think that our expectations are not all that aggressive for 2014 but I think that it's going to be a decent year for us. And a few things happen, if for example the U.S. Highway Bill would pass, I think that would be a lift and I think economy like the Australia started to show some signs of revival and pipeline of projects in Australia is actually quite strong, if some of those started to come out and get funded, there are actually some upsides to heavy civil in which we tend to look with E&C. But what we are not counting on is any sort of recovery at the macro level. I think our expectation is that there will be no recovery at the macro level, if it does happen, that will be good news for us.
Steven W. Berglund: Actually I might actually struggle to pick out one or two because I think what you're seeing is a relatively broader based phenomenon that's starting to occur across the Company. So in the major segments, E&C, Field Solutions and Mobile Solutions, there is a general trend towards more services content and so I think this is a general trend. So I don't know that if I could necessarily point to any given product that is driving it. Certainly these acquisitions that we have done in the last few years are pushing it up but I think it's more of a broader-based phenomenon within the Company across for us multiple segments.
Steven W. Berglund: The Farm Bill, I think the Farm Bill is it puts more money into farmer's pockets, therefore it's beneficial to Trimble as a backdrop. I don't know that it per se drives any specific behavior because we are selling some bases lower cost increased – or lower fertilizer cost, lower field cost and improved productivity, and I think the calculation is towards import reduction, not necessarily kind of discretionary income per se, but it's helpful in the backdrop simply because it puts more money into farmer's pockets.
Steven W. Berglund: Actually I don't know that it evolves. First of all it's not a new phenomenon. The phenomenon has been around for 10 or more years and it's been a productive business for us. So the leaders in terms of, let's call it kind of city or regional infrastructure, the leaders probably without a doubt – maybe the early leader was Japan then followed by China and obviously Germany as well. So we've been selling reference stations incrementally, we've been selling infrastructure into that market for 10 years, it has been a good market for us, we have relative competitive advantage in that marketplace. So if the trend continues, that is fine with us. Now one of our faster growing, more successful businesses has been providing the services ourselves. We have a business we call positioning services, and that is right now pretty much agriculturally centric if you will. The majority of the revenues to that come from farmers whereas city or regional systems tend to be pointed more towards surveyors and civil engineering projects and that sort of thing. So the two are not necessarily contradictory but from a company standpoint, we'd go either way as we sell equipment into a city-based solution or we will continue to expand our own positioning services and at the moment both are strong businesses, our own positioning services are actually going significantly faster than providing hardware equipment. So I think either way if you look at the historical constraints to centimeter level positioning from global navigation systems, there have really been two constraints because a fair question to ask us when you talk about some of these markets still being underpenetrated, a fair question to ask is, okay, why [haven't we] (ph) done better in penetrating them, and there's always been two constraints out there. One is one of convenience, being able to get centimeters by flipping switch as opposed to setting up a mobile infrastructure. So whether we're providing it, whether a city or region is providing it, it is an enabler to our overall market because of making centimeter level accuracy convenient just flipping a switch, sometimes free, sometimes not free. And the other constraint has been in effect, no offense to any particular group out there, but [indiscernible] down the instruments, so that it's a few buttons as opposed to a complicated procedure to get to centimetres, but you see this move towards providing more infrastructure. Again whether we are providing it or somebody else is providing it, it's enabling to the overall market.
Steven W. Berglund: We talk being overly kind of predicted this but one I would say is the same trend listening elsewhere around the Company is definitely operative and E&C is, you look at the probable future list of business, it's going to trend towards more service content, it's going to trend towards more software content and we'll tend to bring along with, that business will tend to bring along a higher gross margin and of course discipline in terms of the cost structure below the gross margin. I would say that over time we should continue to elevate the operating margins within E&C. So I would say overall we are not done yet and that there will be [indiscernible] a secular trend towards higher operating margins in the segment.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, I think that given the first of all seasonality in agriculture, I think it's hard to distinguish what's the tax driven effect from what is the normal seasonal effect as farmers tend to go back to either late in the year or more likely early in the year, [indiscernible] of the planting cycle, and again our stuff is not necessarily big dollar, so the calculation may not be [indiscernible] on the tax calculation. So I would say I think your hypothesis is fine. I think that again what's driving us – what drove us in the fourth quarter and what's driving us here in the first quarter I would say is stronger forces associated within just tax line but I think your hypothesis works fine for me.
Steven W. Berglund: Again I think what you see is what we're able to get there. There are a couple of elements in there. There is what I call a couple of stable businesses that don't have a whole lot of growth potential kind of embedded board business which has been a Trimble business forever but it's an OEM business typically categorized by unit volumes going up and prices coming down, so you end up with the same kind of product [indiscernible] numbers every year, and so it will bounce around some but does not necessarily have a whole lot of growth potential. Same is true with a little bit of a difference for the timing modules that we sell into infrastructure, typically telecommunications infrastructure, that will tend to vary within a relatively wide range depending on who is building what project at any point in time. But overall obviously those two businesses don't have a whole lot of headroom to grow. Now within that segment there are a couple of interesting other elements. One is the RFID business we bought a few years ago, ThingMagic. They had a very, very strong double digit year in 2013. So it's a small base. So the number doesn't really move the company results but it's a very strong growth market and has the potential to – as we integrate that capability more and more into other Trimble solutions, presumably has even higher growth prospects. And the other growth element in the segment is Applanix which is a Canadian-based company which focuses on inertial systems often times integrated with GPS but with the advances in inertial over the last few years and the fact that kind of [indiscernible] technology has finally made it to the point of maturity, we again saw double-digit, not great double-digit but double-digit growth in Applanix for the year. So all of those things factored together in the segment but overall it's a pretty steady effect segment. I don't think there's a whole lot of downside to it but at the same time it's maybe a little – has fewer growth dynamics than the rest of the Company.
Steven W. Berglund: So I would like to say that the trusted advisor is a key element of the buying cycle at this point in time, that would probably be an [indiscernible] at this point in time. So I think that right now our sales through channel are typically to the farmer. Now I think you pick up on a trend for the future, I think that Ag is going to go through a reasonably significant transformation in the next five years or so as more and more sensor capabilities are added and more and more information capabilities are added to the marketplace. So I think that as you say the trust advisor becomes a bigger element in terms of the technology acquisition cycle but I would say at the moment it is still pretty conventional as we are selling through channel and the channel brings it to the farmer and the trusted advisor is not a significant impact in the buying decision.
Steven W. Berglund: I think as a general statement the answer is, yes, we are getting premium pricing, but I would say that looking at it in terms of a strategic realm, market arbitrage pretty well and I think that if you look at Trimble over the last 10 years or maybe even longer, both construction and agriculture is I think the tendency [indiscernible] has done, okay, prices have been steady, remarkably steady in some cases but the amount functionality you're getting for the price is increasing. So Trimble has historically been able to put out a premium against the market rate and has usually been able to add a premium for functionality throughout the marketplace, but I think over the long cycle, or maybe the way to put it is I say the, not that I know the first right answer, but if you took flagship product in agriculture or survey or heavy civil, if you took the flagship product from 10 years ago and compared it to the flagship product pricing today, they probably will be [indiscernible], it's just that you're getting a whole lot more functionality today. So I would argue that over the long term it's more about price and maintaining the price as opposed to necessarily being able to ratchet up pricing over time but I think in the short-term, yes, we are seeing kind of the ability to [indiscernible] into the functionality.
Steven W. Berglund: It has that potential, we have to climb over some regulatory burdens in the meantime, so the FAA in the U.S. is still not being overly precise in terms of what's allowed and so in general it is difficult to fly a drone for commercial purposes in the U.S. unless you are a university or using it for personal use. So I think there are constraints if you are coming to a large market in the U.S. at this point in time, but I think that in general internationally I think with some maturity, right now there's a lot of ours but I think there are sensors, the sensors have to evolve, the AMOLED's capability has to evolve, [indiscernible] in mature applications but I think there is a long list of potential (audio gap) base in Belgium, it was primarily to use in survey type applications and geospatial applications but agriculture is likely to be the single largest application and that becomes available for the commercial drone. So we've got a position on the Ag side, we've got a position on the airplane side, so we would hope to be in something [indiscernible] position when the markets starts to develop.
Steven W. Berglund: So I think right now what we're seeing is cyclical more so than secular. I think over the next three, four years I think that – and this has been part of our strategy all along, is that GIS will become a less rich market in terms of being able to put out specialty handheld hardware whether it's a smartphone or some other device that will take more and more of the hardware sales and is a logical move on the market. I think what we're seeing at this point in time is just the fact that U.S. and Europe and even China, there has been a substantial reduction in the amount of flow from government. So for example typically in GIS our seasonal high quarter is the third quarter driven out U.S. When the federal government budget year is about to end, people tend to spend their budget on very enthusiastically in the month of September and historically it has been highly predictable that we get a major bump in September. It simply did not occur in 2013. And so right now I think we're probably cyclical not secular, but I think over the next three, four years, the business will shift.
Steven W. Berglund: So Trimble is going through a general transition process a few years ago, you could characterize Trimble by a company that adds up thousands of transactions at the end of the quarter and that determines kind of the revenue flow of the quarter. With the addition of the position now in transportation and logistics, kind of Mobile Solutions in general as well as a move on the E&C side towards more key accounts, it is getting to be more – but still a baseline of [indiscernible] smaller deals, they are getting more large deals and that could in any given quarter kind of influence the results. So let's say there are large number of larger deals that would be in potential of $5 million or $10 million. The pipeline of those are quite long. How many will fall this year, how many will fall next year is hard to say but there will be some lumpiness that I would say is we're becoming large enough as hopefully kind of the portfolio effect with most of that.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so I think the relative U.S. performance is right now more based on the fact that U.S., albeit not at historical levels but is the one economy that's kind of growing reliably at this point. So I think in terms of where our earnings are, I think it kind of depends on Europe coming back or we're seeing more growth outside of the U.S. and so I think it will shift over time depending on kind of overall market condition. So I would not expect it to be necessarily – I [indiscernible] peg a number but I would say it's the general trend in the future of some recovery outside of U.S. is the roughly larger portion of earnings coming from outside.
