Rob Painter: Thanks David. Let me acknowledge that global market conditions have become more difficult. I also think that perspective is important. ARR at $1.55 billion and up 16% is a remarkable achievement and puts us in the upper echelon of technology companies. Our survey, agriculture, and civil construction hardware revenues, when factoring in our current 2022 forecast, have grown at a compound annual growth rate of over 13% since 2019. The data we have suggests that we have gained share in each of these end markets over the last three years, and we remain pleased with our performance and the strategic health of these businesses. Looking forward, we will stay true to our 3-4-3 model, simultaneously balancing a view on 3 months, 4 quarters, and 3 years. In the short-term, we will more tightly manage headcount and discretionary costs, while continuing to transform our business models. In the mid-term, we are planning for persistent economic uncertainty, and we will be sharper on our capital allocation to invest in key areas of the business without cutting into any muscle. In the long-term, the durability of our business is stronger than ever, and our markets are inflecting with the adoption of digital technologies. This remains our moment to Connect and Scale and we are as committed as ever to this strategic journey. Operator, let’s open the line to questions.
Rob Painter: Thanks, Jerry. So, ARR, for the total company organic was 16% in the quarter and Buildings and Infrastructure was 21% and it was actually also above 20% in the Geospatial reporting segment. So, it's a strong performance overall. ARR arguably is a lagging indicator, the leading indicator is bookings. So, with respect to your question of looking into Q4 and into 2023, when we look at the ACV bookings, contract value bookings that we had in Q3, those grew faster organically in the ARR in the quarter and that's a really solid leading indicator for continued ARR growth to come.
Rob Painter: Hey, good morning, Rob. Hey, the first comment on the great to good was at the overall company level. If I think about the dynamics and hardware revenue, let's say, compared to other companies that you're following. Let's talk about retail versus the wholesale and then I think you also have to take into account units and pricing. So, at a retail sell-through like visibility we have is that the retail sell-through is quite solid. So, actually dealers are bringing down inventory levels, but the retail demand is still there. So, what I would characterize in my sentiment is that the goodness is still there. So, our – and I've seen some others, the revenue in their third quarters was more to wholesale demand, meeting wholesale demand. In other words, building up dealer inventory at AR as we saw dealer inventory reduction, but the retail demand was a sell-through. And then with respect to pricing in units, I think one thing that to me I'd characterize in the good side for our hardware business is, we're getting still a fair amount of our growth that's happening through unit growth. So, this is not all pricing. And then another just thing in terms of setting perspective overall from the – if I go – we are going back to 2019 is, we've got a CAGR of 13% in [some of] [ph] our survey agriculture and civil construction hardware revenue. So, if I expand the horizon a bit, I can still see through what has been a very positive track record in the business. So that's – Rob, that's how they come to the great to good and [indiscernible] to your question. Let me know if you have a follow-up.
Rob Painter: Well, for sure concentrated in Europe as a geography. And then if I took it at a product level, I'd say a mix of civil construction and agriculture.
Rob Painter: Good morning, Kristen. Yes, so, I guess a couple more data points in there, sequential growth in ARR. Our gross margins are the highest in that business since Q4 of 2018. Our OpEx is at the lowest level since the third quarter of 2020. We've seen net retention in a pretty good place. In the enterprise business, I think of, essentially more of the ERP side of the transportation business. We continue conversions from our customers from on-prem to cloud. So, I like what we're doing there and we're moving more of our bookings, continue to move more of the bookings to subscription bookings. So, that's a positive for us and actually that's of course that's a headwind to the margin. So, they would have been a probably 150 bps to 200 bps higher or not for that. So, if I look at the quantitative side of the house there, I like a level of the momentum or at least a direction, maybe I should call direction that the business is moving. The mapping business that we have continues to perform extraordinarily well both in North America and in Europe. At our User Conference in August, we announced a number of new products integrations that we have, including the engage lane technology, which is coming out of some work that we have done with Procter & Gamble. So, a number of good things happening, Kristen.
Rob Painter: Hey, good morning, Tami. This is Rob. So, that's a great question and I wish I had a crystal ball for everything you're asking inside that. Hey, the level set on the Q, the organic growth was about minus 3%. But I first want to make a note on that is that includes our Russia and Ukraine business, which went away. So, we adjust for that and we were a positive 2% organic in the quarter. So, that's where we put our Russia and Ukraine numbers. And so, we haven't to try to make adjustments for that in any of the organic like we called it as it was. So, that loss of that business has been a negative for us both in Europe and obviously at the company level as well. Now, the Europe growth is slower than what we saw organically, and rest of world, which is up [20%] [ph], which is mostly Brazil, APAC was higher than that in North America at around 10% organic level. I think there's an aspect first is the dealer inventory reset. So, I think to really get ground truth as I go back to separating the retail and the wholesale demand. I'll say it is confusing at the moment. I'm a bit uncertain out there. We walked away from the trade shows where we spend a lot of time with engineering construction customers predominantly European based at the two shows at the Intergeo and Bauma and actually sentiment and engagement in attendance was very high. We look at infrastructure projects, the HS2, the Grand Paris. There is infrastructure work happening in Europe. So, in that sense, I'm positive on continued business in Europe residential I think is turning. Markets like EPC work are, I think will be solid for obvious reasons in Europe, but those do take time. Farm income and farm sentiment, that has a [indiscernible] sort of correlate to harvest and whether as that comes together, it ended up being a harder year for European farmers than I think they thought earlier in the year. As you know, there was – so that was pretty dry in Europe and then that impacted sentiment. So, we'll see how they [feel] [ph], let's say, coming into the spring planting season. So, there's little – some winds going, but winds going both ways in Europe at the moment. But hey, despite all of that, I go back to what do we do at Trimble, we sell productivity and sustainability and I think the value proposition of technology is just as important as ever.
Rob Painter: Good morning, Jason. I think there's some growth in that. Our crossed up bookings and part of the business within B&I that's selling Trimble Construction One, we saw over 20% of our ACV bookings coming from cross-sell. And as we've talked about at Investor Day, we're still very early in the work with TC1, I’m expanding that offering into different geographies and broadening the scope and the automation of the offering. So, I think that there's only tailwinds behind the business model aspect of that. And then if I flip it around, let's say, for the rest of the business. The software side at B&I does have incrementally more American centricity to it, which is the healthiest of the four geographies that we report. So that, I think would also help that as well.
Rob Painter: Hi, good morning, Gal. So, we do continue to feel that the IIJA versus now, I guess, BIO, Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, [indiscernible] that's gone into law. We continue to believe it's a positive catalyst for business. And that 10% organic growth in overall North America at the total company level clearly has a B&I and geospatial aspect to that. So, call that engineering and construction if we up level. Money is starting to flow from the federal government to the states.  When you look again at the state level, some states actually have multiple funding sources for their infrastructure like they're not entirely dependent on the incremental money from the Fed. And that's interesting to us because there are subset of states in the U.S. that are, I'd say, they're at work already and we're seeing good activity from those states.  If I take the majority of the states though, I think one of the things that's on the headwind side of the infrastructure bill is that material cost and labor cost are eating into some of the increased amount of the funding. And there still does seem to be a lag between the funding mechanism and the work actually starting to happen. And so, we feel like there's been a lag and we're not really seeing the fruits of it at, at a – let's say a level we might have expected at this point. So, now you weren't asking so much about 2022 as looking forward. So, if we go into next year, I think that that does provide us, let's say, a certain level of ballast to the business and our sentiment certainly for the North American side of Trimble engineering and construction. 
Rob Painter: Good morning, Jonathan. Hey, it's Rob. So, there's certainly a number of, let's say, levers directions where we've seen the ARR grow. So, first, I'll take expanding the size of the addressable market and our best example of that is from our SketchUp product within buildings and infrastructure. I think we're going on 13 or 14 quarters in a row of more than 40% ARR growth in that business is really remarkable. So, kudos to the team on that. And you're not doing that through pricing, you're doing that through unit and where those kind of unit growth, that's a clear sign to us of expanding the size of the addressable market. We weren't expanding units at that level prior to the model conversion. We see it in our [indiscernible] business, as well as that we're seeing unit growth, which we think is showing a sign of expanding the size of addressable market. Second, I could put in a category of say, general market uplift or adoption of technology. You can argue that's riding a wave, so to speak, of digitization and the market that provides a certain level of growth in the ARR and the business. The third category I would call the cross-sell, and when we really get to the economics of the connected scale strategy and think about the 1.55 billion of ARR we're sitting on top of, we think that there's a couple hundred million plus of ARR to be mined, just from within the portfolio we have. And so, as I think about economic scenarios if the economy were to take a turn for the worse, you know your classic play is to look what the customers you have and rethink the amount of capital you're putting to new logo generation. So, I'm optimistic that whatever the scenario is that there's a lot to be done from within our own portfolio. And I'll say that fourth and last category is straight up new logo growth. So, the sum of those to me is the sum of parts that gets to the total company level.
Rob Painter: Well, I'd say congratulations to the folks who are stepping into new roles. 100% believers in them and the work that they've got ahead of them. So, I think that change can be a good thing. Change provides opportunity. Change provides a chance for a fresh look at some things. Sometimes leadership transitions, I'd say, are – that's the right thing for the business. And as you proactively make them other times, you're reacting because somebody decides to leave the organization. So, there's a little bit of both of those that provide a backdrop in context for the transitions that we have in mind. The tone I'd want to set on the transitions that we have is that it's about executing connect and scale at the strategy level. Our operating system talks about strategy, people and execution. So, the strategy is to connect and scale manifesting through these industry clouds that we're building, bringing the best capabilities we have together. So, our leaders, all of us, myself included every single one of our operators and folks who work to support the operators are working to build the product offering to meet this platform and industry cloud direction that we're going. At a people level, we aim to continue to be the employer of choice and technology and our rankings in that area continue to be world-class.  So, I expect some leaders to lead, to inspire, to engage, to achieve. And then we've got to meet our numbers on the execution and so you know how much weight we put towards the ARR growth in the business. When we talk about our three key metrics, we're talking about ARR, EBITDA, and cash flow. So, we have to not just talk in package, we have to deliver, and we have to deliver in an environment that's got an increasing level of uncertainty around it. So, that's the expectation I have for the leaders who were in their roles and I got a great deal of belief in them to be able to do so.
Rob Painter: Well, hey, Rob, this is the other Rob. In the Ag business overall, actually the majority of our business, I want to frame is outside of North America today. So, strong double-digit growth in Brazil, really in South America, continued growth in Asia Pacific. Overall organically, the business was up in the high-single-digits for agriculture. So, I think North America is holding its own as the punch line on that, but I want to put North America in the context of the bigger picture.
David Barnes: Yes, Jerry, I understand your question. There's no real negative margin impact to the outlook we have. In fact, the embedded in our guidance as you do the math, you'll see we expect to have very high gross margins in Q4 even higher than Q3 and that's a function of a business mix, which will be more software centric and we'll have more of the net benefit of the prices we've taken and moderating cost inflation. So, Q4 will be really good from a gross margin perspective.
David Barnes: This is a little bit of, I'll call it [noise] [ph] between Q3 and Q4 with the reduction in our outlook or forecast for the year, we brought down our accrual against our incentive comp. So, just the incentive comp helped Q3 margins by a little under 200 basis points and that gets normalized in Q4. So, that's really the driver of the expectation of lower margins in Q4 than Q3, but the underlying gross margins will be better and the OpEx as a percent of revenue will look higher, but that's the impact of the accounting for the bonus plans.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey, Kristen, it's David. We have a model where we're looking at our cash flow with some moderation this year. We're a cash flow generating business. We did some divestitures earlier in the year. And we look to make sure we have the right capital structure for our business and fund our growth plans and we use a matrix when the share price comes down that gives us an opportunity to be a bit more aggressive. Over time, the focus of our capital allocation is on growth and we won't have share repurchase get in the way of giving us firepower to invest in growth. Our leverage at 1.4x is actually below where we think we could be on a long-term basis. And so, we were comfortable bumping it up a little bit based on all those variables.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey, Tami, it's David. I'll start by saying, I'm going to be careful not to give 2023 guidance. We will do that in February, but I'll talk about some broad trends that I think are likely to influence our margins going forward. On the gross margin side, we think there's a macro trend here of higher growth in our software businesses and recurring, which has higher gross margins. So that will help us. We think with humility that the world is uncertain, but we're past the peak of input cost inflation on the hardware side. We've taken price, I'll say some of you are comparing us with other industrial companies. We've taken actually less price if you just look as a percentage price increase than some of the big industrial players. And we think that makes sense given our economics and our focus on staying competitive, but we think within hardware, we'll see continued moderation of costs and we'll have pricing that can keep up with that maybe do a little bit better. With that said, we're investing against our strategic priorities that we mentioned in the Investor Day. And so, I think we have some levers to pull on with regard to margin. As Rob mentioned in his commentary, we're looking at the softening demand environment and we're being increasingly careful and prudent in our costs. We are every day, every month looking at our internal resource capital allocation. We've slowed down the rate of our hiring and our cost additions and we will continue to be really prudent understanding that the demand environment next year is going to be hard to predict. So, hopefully that gives you the picture you need. We'll have more to say about this in February.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey, Erik, it's David. Margins were particularly good in geospatial and that's mostly a mix issue within the offerings and we think that's a little bit better than we're going to have in Q4. So, it's just a mix of the products that we sell and what we shipped in Q3 was particularly high margin.
David Barnes: Sure. Well, in the – of the four segments, the geospatial does start with the lowest base. So, in terms of percentage increase to be intellectually honest, it's coming off that lower base. And the team deserves credit for the pivoting of the business model. So, when you buy our instruments and sensors like the hardware centric part of geospatial, so think the surveyors and the [Mappers] [ph] out there in the world, they're buying workflow, actually, they're not just buying an instrument and that workflow includes software. So, we have Trimble business and Trimble access. So, these field to finish workflows that the field needs or if you're doing scanning data or mobile mapping, data collection, you need to be able to process that data. So, the software that we have in that business is being converted more into ratable models, which we think is expands the size of the addressable market, turns the CapEx and the OpEx is helping us as a catalyst to move more of the work into to the cloud. So, in that sense, Erik, yes, I think it's a very good example of connect and scale at play.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey, Jason. I'll point out that really important when you look at hardware to get the organic math in your mind. And that's both FX and we divested businesses, which were heavily hardware centric. So, actually if you look at the organic numbers, hardware revenues were up 3% year-on-year in Q3. And that does reflect that we were – our product supply improves a lot and we were able to draw down the backlog and meet the dealer needs where we've had extraordinarily long lead times. So, that having said, embedded within our guidance is that hardware organic revenues are likely to be down in the fourth quarter and it's driven by all the dynamics Rob mentioned.
David Barnes: Hey Gal, it’s David. So, we've taken more pricing in hardware than software. Software pricing is a little, sort of amorphous because you're always adding more features and how much do you attribute to more functionality versus the price. It's been our practice to increase pricing over time in our software businesses and we've [uped] [ph] that a little bit with the inflationary environment, but more of our price increases have been against our hardware.  And just to put some numbers around it, if you look year-on-year and we've taken several ways of price increases. Across our hardware portfolio, our prices year-on-year are up about 6%. So that's the rate of headline inflation. Good news for us is that the rate of inflation of our cost is actually less than that. So, we're getting some hardware margin benefit from the net impact of [pricing and cost] [ph]. But the pricing on the software is less than [six] [ph], where you can think of that in the low single digits or little less than 5% pricing on our software.
David Barnes: Hey Chad, it's David. As you do through the math, go through the math and look at our guidance, you'll see that we expect meaningful improvement in gross margins from Q3 to Q4 and that's driven by a mix, our hardware revenues even organically will be down in the fourth quarter for all the reasons that Rob mentioned. So, the software to hardware mix is going to improve and we have the benefit within hardware, particularly of a favorable mix between pricing and cost. So that gets you to gross margins. OpEx as a percent of revenue will be higher because we had – we have the bonus impact that I described to an earlier question where we had, call it, no bonus expense in Q3. That's the way the approval works. We also have some step-up in OpEx Q3 to Q4 sequentially. It’s the way holiday's work in Europe and we have a big user conference coming up. So, those dynamics will drive our OpEx as a percent of revenue, higher in Q3 and Q4 with lower revenue unit that all out we expect operating margins to be lower in Q4 versus Q3.
David Barnes: Yes. We are – I'll say the guidance, the framework we provided earlier in the year and last quarter still holds we're investing against our digital transformation and a handful of other strategic initiatives at a rate that's about 100 basis points of margin. So, that's what it was in Q3. And that's what it will be in Q4. We're looking harder at OpEx everywhere, but as Rob said, what we're not doing is changing our fundamental priorities and progressing against the digital transformation is absolutely at the top of our strategic list. So, that you can call that pressure is there and we're managing to hold our model within the context of sustaining that investment going forward.
David Barnes: Yes. So, I'll start with the numbers. You're about right. Our hardware backlog went from about 240 million at the end of last quarter to 180 million so down 60 million, which is a good thing that reflects the fact that our supply chain is improving. Pre-COVID, pre-supply chain, that number was closer to a hundred. So, we will move in that direction, although I'm not sure we’ll ever get back to where it was because supply chains are likely to be different for everybody going forward. As far as dealer dynamics, it's a very dynamic situation. It varies dealer-to-dealer market-to-market. I'd say overall most dealers are about where they have been and probably about where they want to be. As Rob mentioned, the dealers are looking at their markets and are seeing some uncertainty and so their sort of set point for inventory is going down and that's somewhat accelerated by the fact that our supply chain has now gotten so good, not universally, but for most of our products, we have order lead times measured in days, not months. And so, the need to hold a bunch of inventory for the dealer is less than it was. So, it's a mix. There are some dealers that are looking at uncertainty in their markets and will be inclined, particularly with our good supply chain to bring inventories down and some are in very good shape.
