David Barnes: Hi, Ann, this is David. I'll take the first part of your question on gross margins. I'll say the environment for product cost has changed a lot, just in the last month or two. And it's a fluid situation, so it's hard to make specific predictions. I will say that the product inflation that we're facing really only began toward the end of Q1. So the results that we just reported don't reflect the full impact we anticipate later this year. And you saw our gross margins declined year-on-year about 70 basis points, and probably just under half of that can be accounted counted for in product cost increases. But we're seeing increases across the board. Obviously, we're all reading about semiconductor tight supply and cost increases, but we're really seeing it across a whole broad range of commodities, in transportation, particularly air transportation that we use to get our products where we need them to go. So, without getting too specific, I'll say that we do expect underlying cost of goods inflation for the balance of the year to be noticeably higher than it was in Q1. Now, I'll comment that we're adapting, as I mentioned in the script, our discounting strategy and our top-line prices, and we hope to accommodate a meaningful portion of the impact of the costs increases, but nonetheless, we expect gross margins will come down for that reason, in the remaining three quarters of the year. And then, I'll turn over to Rob for your questions about operating expense and the investments we’re making.
David Barnes: Our technology is on over 150 million acres of farm today, that's primarily the hardware, the guidance systems. We have about 20% of that same acreage covered with our software. So, it's not -- this isn't new, let's say it's been in motion for a long time. I see the delta of the 80% is a potentially addressable market, obviously, we won't serve 100% of that. The other way to look at it, Ann, that's a software hardware connection. The other way to look at it as from a correction services perspective. So we have well over 100,000 users of our correction services today. And the connected farm that is an aspect. So when the scale part of Connect and Scale is about making ourselves easier to do business with, and bringing that software, the hardware and the services together at the point of sale. So, we think there is a demand for a market.
David Barnes: Ashok, it's David. We have a meaningful hardware business in buildings and infrastructure, so that will be impacted by the hardware dynamics, I discussed previously. And I also mentioned that overall for the company, we expect to see some operating expense pickup. I'll call some of it natural, because with COVID we had almost no business travel, we had lower incentive compensation. So that will normalize. And then the investments that we're making will be seen in the segments broadly. So those dynamics are going to put pressure on margins in all the segments, including buildings and infrastructure.
David Barnes: I'll say one thing, as I mentioned in my remarks, we sell a meaningful amount of perpetual software bundled with the hardware. So, when hardware grows like it did in the first quarter perpetual software grows. We are in the process of transitioning from perpetual to subscription, Rob mentioned in one of our design software offerings, and that sort of tends to precipitate perpetual software growth. So that was a piece of it. But, overall, let's remember we're comparing with the first quarter of last year when we saw particularly toward the end of the quarter, a lot of hesitancy and great uncertainty. So customers were starting to be reluctant to buy. And I think all those factors contributed to perpetual software growth.
David Barnes: Yeah. Hey, Chad, this is David. I'll say first of all, that comparing quarter-to-quarter last year is a tough drill, because last year was so strange. And particularly as we recall Q2, we saw a rapid contraction in demand, and many of that are end markets, and then a lot of catch-up and pick up later in the year. So that's going to factor in. As far as the end markets that are driving the results, we mentioned in transportation, we ended about where we thought we would P&L wise, but bookings were up, and obviously the transportation market has picked up in terms of the macros with asset utilization and pricing and the financial solidity of our transportation customers is better. So, that's more of a tailwind for future quarters than this one. But, look beyond that, in the other three segments, we exceeded our expectations. So that's why the outlook came up in part, because Q1 was above where we thought it would be. And we think some of those trends will continue. And the caution I'll provide is that hardware still a meaningful part of our business. And for all the reasons I mentioned, with the supply chain challenges, that's creating the greatest level of uncertainty. So I don't know if that answers your questions about seasonality. We do think seasonality will be different in 2021 from 2020, for a number of reasons. And you're probably better off comparing with 2019 for a normalized year.
David Barnes: Yeah, I'll say it's a very complicated formula. We have contractual arrangements with our customers and dealers that don't facilitate an immediate increase in price in some cases. So that's a factor. With some protection of supply chain side too, but those don't necessarily match up. So, I think for Trimble and every company producing hardware, this is a rapidly moving situation. Our intention, obviously, we will remain competitive. Our intention is to recoup a meaningful portion of the increase in product costs. And I'll say, we can't have a specific estimate with high confidence in that cost. But we believe we'll get a meaningful chunk, but not all of it. And that's why we expect to see some gross margin declines, or continuing decline for the remainder of the year.
David Barnes: That's right. I think if you look at what's happening in the world, the semiconductor side of things is going to take probably three or four, maybe five quarters to recover. Some of the other input costs are likely to abate sooner than that. For instance, air freight will get more reasonable once trans-oceanic aircraft recovers. So there are a lot of moving pieces. I don't think this is a long-term change in the trajectory of our gross margins. But, it will be with us for a few quarters.
David Barnes: Kristen, I'll just point out the obvious that some of the factors that have been driving our trends are somewhat unique to Trimble, in terms of the issues we had, post the ELD mandate coming into effect. And we did have some product performance issues. And so, the pullback in ARR was a consequence of that. There's no doubt that the macros in the transportation business are dramatically better than they were three to four quarters ago, and that's helpful. Our business trends won't change linearly and right away with the changes in the macro environment, with the customers that we serve experience. So it's not at all surprising to any of us that we have some lag. But, I'll say there are a number of factors that give us confidence that we're on the road back to better trends and transportation, just to highlight a few. Our churn is trending down on a secular basis, there are bumps quarter-to-quarter as individual customers implement decisions they made some time ago. But, the data truly points to a better trend there. Rob mentioned the bookings, even beyond the bookings, our sales pipeline is looking up versus where it was a quarter or two ago. The performance of our products is improving. So our teams have done a great job of resolving the product issues. And I think we're seeing broader customer receptivity through the strategy of the integrated supply chain. So we have a lot of work to do in transportation, Kristen, so we're not changing the outlook, that things will get better immediately. But, we do look to see improve trends toward the back-half of the year, and especially the fourth quarter.
David Barnes: Hey, Eric. I'll say it's a little hard to quantify when orders come through exactly whether they're for current demand or they're seeing the supply chain tighten up. I think it's a mixture of both. Our backlog, I mentioned is now up to $1.4 billion, a meaningful increase year-on-year. I'd say the increase year-on-year for the hardware piece is a mix of healthy demand and end markets, and some customers ordering before they otherwise would have. But I'll say inventory at our dealers is really low. And I think most of what you're seeing is the fact that the end markets are really healthy. And projects are picking up and customers need the product.
David Barnes: Hey, Richard its David. First thing I'll say is that in terms of what I'll call costs generated by COVID, we didn't have much. The impact of COVID on our costs was really negative. We had some costs in our cleaning our facilities and that kind of thing, but it was relatively de minimis. So we had sort of artificially low costs in a number of areas. With the revenue coming down, our incentive comp naturally reduced. We stopped traveling canceled events. And we really cut back on a lot of discretionary spending, that wasn't core to the strategy. So that's coming back. And as you look at the operating expense growth going forward, I'll put it in a handful of buckets. First of all, some of our OpEx is overseas and the U.S. dollar is weakened. So just the FX impact sort of takes up our accounts for about 20% of our OpEx increase that we expect for the balance of the year. But 60% of the increase is what I'll call go back to normal, as travel comes back, as incentive comp comes back, as we start hiring. We didn't even have our salary increase last year. So that's the normal part of things. And then about 20%, the remaining 20% of the year-on-year OpEx increase will be accounted for in higher spending in the investment areas that Rob mentioned. There a couple other things that are puts in takes, you've got some other headcount, ads and divestitures. But, hopefully that gives you a broad bucketing. And we do think year-on-year OpEx, which was about flat in Q1, it won't be flat in the remaining quarters.
David Barnes: It will definitely, I think, be a constraint. And as you think about the $100 million dollar range between the bottom and the top end of the revenue guidance, the uncertainties around hardware supply account for majority of that. So, I think the scenario in which we're at the lower end of the guidance range is characterized by increasing tightness in markets for key components. And the higher end is one in which, we're able to work through the constraints. So it is a hard one to call. It's somewhat unprecedented, talking to my colleagues who've been doing this work for decades, and none of them have seen anything just like it. So we have a very adept operations team. It's one of the strengths of Trimble of being flexible and figuring out how to handle bumps in the road, like we have now. So, we're looking at this component by component and product by product, and I'll concede that there's meaningful uncertainty, and that's what's driving the range in our guidance.
David Barnes: Yeah, there's two ways I think about it, Gal. And where it would be less of a headwind is that a bit of a law of large numbers of 1.3, whatever $1.3 billion of ARR, that'll overcome if they had headwind. And we still have over $400 million on a TTM basis for perpetual software. So there are still available businesses for us to think about, some of which we are actively working on and some of which we're not. And we want to just see how things go and what will make really sense for the business. And so in that sense, you're right, it will be less of a headwind. The other side of it is as we look at other business models, so say, for example, hardware, and they take in the machine control guidance business, where we offer, we call it Trimble platform as a service. So they are cab technology assurance. By buying the machine control technology, we're bundling that with the software, that allows us to connect that physical digital field and the office. And if we're successful in driving that conversion, that may show up is more term type revenue, depends on the accounting works. But it could create some more ratability. And if it does, in that case, that could provide a headwind instead of the tailwind that I just described.
David Barnes: Yeah. And we're largely already offering that today, bundling the hardware and the software together and that monthly service. The nature of how some of the accounting works, is it requires you to recognize the hardware revenue upfront, but you may ratably have the cash flow, depending on how the contracts are structured. I'll give you an example on really around our survey business. We've used it with a couple of customers to do a competitive swap on a fleet of equipment, by experimenting with the ratable business model. We've got one of our larger agriculture customers that's doing everything as a service arrangement with us. But those are small pockets and anecdotal examples. But just want to show and demonstrate that we're not just talking about experimenting with all our business models, we're actually doing it.
Rob Painter: Hi, Ann. So, I mentioned that Connect and Scale specific strategy is synonymous with the platform strategy and the nucleus, an agriculture market for us is the crop production workflow. So the stepped up investments we're making in agriculture hit areas of that platform that include autonomy, includes our software, includes our correction services, and continuing to build out the networks around that. And then finally, localization efforts, it is the majority of our business these days is outside North America.
Rob Painter: Thanks, Rob. So, we see it as a generational opportunity. And I'll focus on North America, but highlight that places like the UK are going with construction led recovery. We see markets like Japan promoting digital technologies. Australia has strong infrastructure development as well. In North America, I think about it from the value proposition of what the technology can do. We think about the funding around that. And we mentioned that we would -- with respect to our own funding, we would step up investments in the area, and then we also think about policy. So from a value proposition perspective, with digital technology, we can build greener, we can build more inclusively, and we can build better while doing so cheaper. So it just makes sense to use the technology. What we're hearing from customers and stakeholders in the industry actually is on the policy side as well as a desire to streamline project delivery, by promoting the digital technology. So really streamlining project delivery, really seems to be the core of what the market is talking about. And from a funding perspective, I'll start with government level funding. And, we do anticipate that the final amount will be well-negotiated, and it'll be different than the proposed American jobs plan. Nevertheless, and we need to also reauthorize the surface transportation bill. So the jobs plan, in addition to the reauthorization of the surface transportation bill, we think that will be significant. We think it will be incremental to the current baseline investments in our highways, airports, mass transit, and our ports. Now, we think that won't pass until later in the year. And the benefits of that wouldn't be realized in 2022. So when we think about the investments in our business to get ahead of that, we think both at a product development level, as well as a go-to-market level. So at a product development level, where we're going with the Connect part of Connect and Scale, as integrating the hardware, the software, the physical, the digital, the office, the field, being able to round trip that data to streamline project delivery. So, we'll continue our efforts on that front. And at a go-to-market level, it's putting the resources, increase the level of resources and capabilities in place to actually execute against what we think is attractive and important opportunity.
Rob Painter: It is changing significantly, I'd say we may not be at the point of calling it significant, it's certainly meaningful amount of change. And I think about it from a few dynamics, I'll address owners, engineers and contractors. At an owner level, think about the Department of Transportation as an owner to talk about a state DoT as an owner. I do think there's increasing awareness of the technology. They're certainly increasing awareness of the concept of the digital twin, and how this can play through the operations and maintenance phase. And if we use the technology during the design, engineering and construction phase, how that can then be leveraged in the operations and maintenance phase. So I think there is increased awareness. We see a few more projects that are promoting the use of technology. Actually, the Federal Highway Administration, they made an announcement recently to recognize as a digitalize belt [ph] is an important technology innovation. So that's helpful to see that coming from that perspective. In the engineering community, certainly, it's in the interest of the engineering community to help fill the delivery of the projects better and faster, and for them to be able to win more of the work. And then at the contractor level, I see that's where we see the most level of proactive use and request for use of technology, because the contractors are the ones who are -- they're really seeing the most tactical benefit of better, faster, safer, cheaper, greener, in their day to day work. So they're winning more work. It's becoming more just the way that construction is done. So very positive on the contractor side.
Rob Painter: The short answer, Kristen is yes, that the pipeline is more active at the moment. And, certainly our areas of interest are going to be where we have the most strategic opportunity to grow and to build a platform strategy, whether that's in a construction, agriculture, or in some of our other vertical focused market. So that we feel pretty good about where we are. And as you said, the balance sheet is in a great place to be able to help us facilitate that.
Rob Painter: This is Rob. There's absolutely an aspect that correlates to the replacement cycle and new products that we have, whether that's on the handheld side with TSC5, or on the GNSS receiver side with our 12I. Those would be replacement examples where we're able to bring in a new instrument or tool, that's able to make the customers more productive. We've got a tighter integration of our software workflows into the hardware. So we've seen customers who are orienting their field survey crews around a Trimble workflow. So it's almost like the tail wagging the dog, where that software is driving the demand for the hardware. There's also examples of our, I'd call them new categories. So take our laser scanner, 3D laser scanner, it's an instrument called the X7. That's a market segment where we didn't historically drive as much business. So that's not a replacement market for us. That's new-new. And then I would say on the go-to-market side, the team's done an excellent job on a global distribution basis of getting our dealers in a better healthier states, and really understanding their own local go-to-market execution. So definitely a mix of both. And really, the team's done great work.
Rob Painter: Sure. So infrastructure and residential backlogs are solid. Healthcare, data centers, logistics centers, utility and fiber optics work, that's all good. And you can look at entities such as ABI and Dodge, and they're up. We look at OEM units, those have been pretty good from both the construction and agriculture side, even mining in places like South Africa and Australia, where we have some exposure of those have been good. So that, call it that general commercial work office buildings, that's low. Education, it's actually much bigger market than one might realize. And so it's still lower, but it's still a large number. And so that's doing okay. Geographically speaking, actually, it's a pretty broad based strength. So, Japan was strong, Australia, strong. North America, strong. Western Europe, and the Nordics are strong. And we see a play through both in software, and I guess we've given you some software answer, but we see it playing through in hardware. So for instance, when residential work picks up, we don't actually have as much exposure in residential on the building software side, but it helps us on the civil side and it helps us on the geospatial business. In civil construction, we see more of the smaller building construction product type equipment. If some of that equipments using technology or concrete screens for foundation work, I mean, geospatial it's survey work. So yeah, that's what's going on.
Rob Painter: Yeah. Hi, Jason, this is Rob, I'll start. It's more of a carrot than a stick. So, our belief is that we can create more customer goodwill with the approach of the carrot. And so, the carrot that we can offer, I'll use that machine control example. The fundamental value proposition around technology assurance, so staying current on the sensors, staying current actually, on the firmware, that embedded software. You'd be surprised at how many customers can have outdated versions of the firmware. And when we can have a deeper insight to actually into the customer and help and drive customer success, I believe that's giving them a better value proposition and better ROI on their investment. The classic one, as you know, as we move from perpetual to subscription is to move IT operations off center for a customer, and that's providing them a value proposition that I would characterize as a carrot. And then one more I would mention, Jason, is I think a smart -- we think a smart way to do to provide the carrot is to increase the I'll call it increase the value of the offering when you move to the subscription. So in some cases, we're offering both the perpetual and the subscription offering. However, when you buy the subscription offering, you're getting a richer set of functionality and will start to only develop additional functionality in the cloud, because you have to make that break at some point. And we think by providing the better value offering that that is consistent with the carrot approach, as opposed to the stick. Now, that doesn't mean that we'll do both offerings forever. At some point, you do have to wind it down. But, thus far, we've given ample time to our customers to consider their own choices.
Rob Painter: Yeah, follow the money. I mean, it's amazing what you can see if you change our own sales compensation to selling the perpetual versus the subscription, when we make it more attractive to sell the subscription offering the results correlate. No question. And at the dealer partner level, many times we'll use our balance sheet to make them whole at a cash level, because they may be running their businesses more on cash flow. And in that sense, you don't want to provide, at least initially, you don't necessarily want to provide a negative incentive to that. So yeah, you have to connect the go-to-market efforts, absolutely to the product strategy.
