Steve Berglund: Yes, well, I think, again, the framework here I think the beginning point is really to look at the workflow really from kind of pre-design, design into the actual site preparation and then, okay, the project management ultimately I suppose into the operate phase. And so, we have something let’s say right across the workflow and kind of the key point in the script was really to emphasize the fact that it is holistic that it is about bringing comprehensive solutions that touch each of these different elements of the workflow.  I think e-Builder represents a significant addition to our capability. It’s really focused on managing the project. Now their relative focus is on owners more so, than general – they’ve chosen focus on owners, more so than general contractors.  But I think it gives us, first of all a bigger representation with owners, gives us a strong software platform that will include their contribution as well as our software products, for example prolines and prologue that will give us some more comprehensive set of answers to managing the project, it will give us a stronger representation in the owner and gives us a project – a stronger project – product platform to bring to the market.  So I think it is definitely an extension of what we are doing today, but it gives us kind of emphatically more presence in terms of the project management, which again I think is the central consideration in terms of this workflow managing the project. 
Steve Berglund: Yes, so, I think it varies from industry-to-industry. Certainly, it would be my, call it personal to you, I don’t know if there is compelling evidence one way or the other here. But I think there is a growing sense with the construction industry that it is Darwinian and is that contractors either have the choice of investing in technology to stay competitive or they run the risk of becoming increasingly irrelevant and ultimately disappearing.  So I think that, with kind of the revival around the world, and particularly I think the argument would be strongest in the U.S. followed by Europe, but as markets revive, I think the level of kind of the scale or the quality of the competition is changing and increasingly if it is possible to get 10%, 20%, 25% project cost improvements through the use of technologies, I think it is increasingly becoming Darwinian.  Now, at the same time, strong markets also lead to, perhaps the level of complacencies. So this will take some time to play out, because right now many of the contractors out there have backlogs that extend out a year or two, and so they surely say, isn’t kind of the cutting edge. So, I think the improving economies cut both ways in that sense.  Agriculture, I think will be – is ultimately probably plays out in the same way, but on a slower time or longer time horizons, simply because farmers don’t face the same kind of binary world that contractors do. Contractors either win deals or lose deals of farmers that have been a kind of more of an analog universe.  I think transportation is the same, probably in some ways more developed than the other markets from a penetration standpoint, large operators in the U.S. have adopted at least the fundamentals of technology, although the technology keeps advancing and there is more and more scope for operators to improve their basic operations.  So I would say, I think, and I think theme of at least my remarks earlier in the call were that, I think that the general rate of technological change is now accelerating driven both by capabilities from the technology, but also I think from kind of competitive forces. So I would say is, over the next few years, I think the penetration rate will accelerate and hopefully will be reflected in our growth rates.
Steve Berglund: Well, looking into 2018, and deferred write-downs, that would be premature to look at how that’s going to impact margins and we will report against that at the end of [Indiscernible] With respect to the margin profile in the fourth quarter, the – of our gross margin, so if you think about in the beat we had on revenue, there was a good amount of it driven in the transportation business, specifically from the ELD surge and demand at the end of the quarter.  That demand for ELD is really driving hardware first, because it’s a model that has an onboard computer which is hardware and then the SaaS subscription that’s associated with that. We make higher margins on the SaaS. We make low margin on the hardware. We sell from our hardware units and we expect it and anticipate it in the fourth quarter in December.  And so, that specific line of hardware just using an example, but one that definitely moved the needle has a lower gross margin profile. And that played out by the time you added at. 
Steve Berglund: Yes, I think, I’ve got really no choice, but to be relatively opaque on the subject since we really can’t be talking about future plans, a year too much speculation involved. I would in general say that, looking at 2017, we announced eight acquisitions in 2017, which against recent standards for us was a comparatively aggressive year.  I think, well, year-to-date, we’ve announced the two that Rob mentioned, e-Builder being the larger one. And I think that it’s probably – if you are going to kind of land somewhere, just kind of giving a very general direction, I would say, 2018 given the nature of the markets, given the changes that are occurring in the markets.  And given the changes occurring in the markets that we are addressing that are pretty strategic and kind of represent a – something of a strategic inflection point, maybe pretty much across the board, I would say is that, as I think, we are clearly indicating here, we are being pretty aggressive strategically in terms of looking to be a central player in construction, in agriculture and in transportation.  And I think that, yes, our fundamental priority is to do it organically, but I think that, we are looking the acquisition to supplement it. So, I would say, if we are going to land somewhere, provisionally, I would say, 2018 looking like 2017 is probably a pretty good approximation of what’s called the current mental state of Trimble.  I don’t necessarily see it a slacking off in 2018 from the 2017 levels. We’ll see about whether we accelerate it, but I would say, kind of the same mentality that took us through 2017 exists in 2018. And jumping in for Rob, here is, I think our priorities are use our cash flow to serve the business in terms of providing growth platforms for the business.  And if we have excess cash beyond the needs, that that implies it would be to probably a focus on share buyback simply to return the excess cash in a form that’s useful to the shareholder. 
Steve Berglund: So, in the SketchUp business, we have many millions of user activations every year, so it’s – for us, it’s a unique customer base that we measure a user base and customer base, it’s measured in millions not, let’s say in thousands. What I think would be good to point out and we put it on one of the slides is that, we had a release of SketchUp free.  This – in the fourth quarter and what’s SketchUp is, in addition we had a 2018 SketchUp launch, so what’s SketchUp free is, it’s a web-based version of SketchUp. So, it’s traditionally sold on a kind of perpetual license basis. This is actually a web-enabled version of SaaS and we believe it’s strategically very important because that enables us to extend the reach of the technology, the reach of the platform.  And so think about how that could be embedded in a series of other products and solutions with that form of technology delivery. The benefit of that form of technology delivery as well as that allows us to go SaaS with the model and it is our intention from a free version of SketchUp into a paid version of that web-enabled delivered product to go that. So it is very much a part of our plan that would be measured in a number of quarters to head there not weeks, but that is the direction on SketchUp. 
Steve Berglund: Within, so if we take it within the buildings and infrastructure segment, we have, we’ll tend to describe it as, Trimble buildings or vertical construction or a horizontal construction which really represents civil engineering and construction. We sell both point solutions as well as suites of products. The strong majority of our sales are sold through point solutions.  However, when you really go back to this – our strategy of connecting the physical and the digital worlds, we are creating the digital model that ends up on the blade of a dozer or – it’s the software and the hardware. You can’t have one without the other. It’s – if you are in the vertical construction business and we make the constructible model, the digital model.  And then we can take that out to the field to our layout devices where you can actually layout the points, whether it’s a footer or whether it’s – where the hangers are going to go in a MEP installation, it’s connecting that digital with the physical. And so, many of our solutions do come with a – let’s say a bundle offering. But the strong majority are sold, I'll call them, individual at this point. 
Steve Berglund: Yes, so, maybe without being – again, perhaps being a little bit of opaque here because I think it’s an evolving scenario for us. So I think that first of all, this is truly I think across Trimble set of opportunities that the capabilities in construction, agriculture and transportation, I think really represent something of a unified hold from a technology perspective and we can apply that accumulated technology base to various vertical markets.  I would say, in the shorter-term, the greater opportunity is probably for Trimble, particularly, in an end-user sense is probably more in the off-road construction and agriculture, I think that’s the place where we can maybe have the more persuasive influence. I think in transportation, there are number of opportunities for us, I think driving a truck, tractor trailer across open road in Colorado is one think.  I think there's a whole set of complexities about the final mile that make the application quite difficult and kind of looking at it holistically, I think, in transportation, long-haul trucking, it would be as that such as the final mile where we may have something particular to say there. But we are engaged with OEMs we are engaged in kind of with end-users in transportation.  I think the other thing not necessarily, taking the right wider arm of transportation including passenger vehicles in it, again it’s a place where Trimble has an opportunity to play in that mass market is really in terms of providing precision location.  I think in the last 18 to 24 months, there is a greater appreciation that it is not just about relative position, but also absolute position in terms of where that passenger vehicle is, what lane specifically is that vehicle in, when we start to talk to that level of precision, Trimble, through its position augmentation services, space based augmentation services has something of value to provide into the application.  So, right now, it’s a relatively broad based kind of category for us in terms of autonomy that includes construction, includes agriculture, includes a couple of aspects of transportation. Our view is not that this isn’t about a specific endpoint. I think our general corporate view is that this is really a continuum.  There are a number of stopping points before really arrive at a complete autonomy as a no operator, no driver sort of autonomy and but that is really a step – a series of steps of increasing automation and that’s really the way – that’s our construct and that’s how we are approaching it and I think it’s the generally the healthiest way for us to approach it as a company. 
Steve Berglund: No, first of all, I would describe e-Builder as basically looking to the market at the future and I would see this is opportunity and really there are no particular defensive aspects to the e-Builder transaction. I would say is, I don’t think that there are any, what I would call, notable pricing pressures in construction software at this point in time.  I think, in some cases, there is a tendency to bundle, okay, which in, kind of a line item level might represent some pricing pressure. But in general, I think the – this is more about opportunity and upside and the value sell more so than kind of pricing pressure as in a discrete sale. So I think it’s more about selling value and okay, pricing for value, more so than, let’s call it, pricing pressure for kind of a line item in an invoice. 
Robert Painter: Sorry, yes, that’s pretty straightforward. If you look at the four reporting segments, where we generally have characterized and stay consistent with that is that geospatial is the most mature of the four reporting segments. So, when I think about the overall company growth profile, I would tend to have a lower expectation for geospatial amongst the – versus the other three segments.  When we look at the other three segments, our assertion remains the same as we see secular – strong secular trends in each of these markets really, construction agriculture, and transportation. Large global industries that are underserved and underpenetrated by technology and that’s what drives the secular play in which in our view on an – what’s called ongoing basis, gives us conviction that these businesses, call it, mid to high-single-digit growth opportunity and obviously in the last – mid-to-high single digits we’ve posted.  So that’s would be how I characterize our views on the growth opportunities for those businesses and then to compare 2018 growth versus 2017 versus 2017 growth, the one, yes, of the four reporting segments, transportation would be the one that I would look at for a modest amount of deceleration – growth deceleration versus the other three given the comp.
Robert Painter: So, the acquisition thus far is exceeding the expectations we had in our own deal models that we feel very good about where we are thus far, I’ll say financially with the deal, I think from a people perspective, the teams are coming together very nicely and so that has met or exceeded our expectations as cultures and the values line-up well in the organizations.  As it relates to the nature of the business that Müller, I’ll call it the business mix Müller has versus our traditional guidance-centric business, Müller has a European centricity, where we have historically had a North American centricity. Müller has had an OEM centricity where Trimble has the guidance business has an aftermarket centricity.  And so, the strategy then is, how do we bring more of the Müller technology into the aftermarket and then to North America and how do we leverage their OEM relationships in the European business that Müller has for the rest of the – I’ll say the rest of the Trimble portfolio.  We are in early days on that aspect of, let’s call it the channel and product integration, but we feel really quite encouraged by the - I’ll say the level of quality and thought and the plans that we have the – and I’ll say the energy that we have from the channel to actually execute upon this offering.  So it’s as much about having the right product and technology as it is about getting the go to market right. So, I would say, stay tuned to see how this is really playing out, but we feel quite confident in what we are doing here with the combined organizations. 
Robert Painter: So, one of the questions, I’ve been asked most over the course over the last year is would we see some kind of cliff of demand after the 18th of December when the mandate went into effect and I hope I’ve been consistent about characterizing it as emphatically not a cliff of demand, now we expected to see a change and slope of the demand.  But we still will see demand and it comes for a few reasons. One is which is that, if you actually technical break it down, there is – as we think on AOBRD, Automatic Onboard Recording Device, so if you actually have – if you are AOBRD compliant, you actually have another two years to be full ELD compliant.  So, there is a two-step, call it, wave here. So we are through wave one of two and so there will still be demand over the next couple of years as customers, as companies move from AOBRD compliance and to full EOD compliance. So that will generate a certain amount of demand itself. The second aspect of where we would see continued growth.  And we do expect to see continued growth in the segment this year is, we have an installed base, now think about the adjacent product offerings that we have and we’ve talked about video as one of those examples. Now you think about a customer, if – so it’s a customer who went more for the, okay, more of the compliance centric aspect of ELD, the Trimble business is ultimately about fleet productivity and full fleet management.  There is a whole upsell opportunity that our teams will be pursuing within the customer base for that element of the customer base that may have just gone lower on adoption to compliance only or compliance solutions.  Third aspect would be, if you take the broader view of our portfolio in transportation, mobility is just one aspect of the portfolio that we have and it is the one that’s benefited the most clearly from ELD. But remember we have an enterprise business in transportation as well with the enterprise business as that’s doing the back-office systems, it’s the ERP, it’s the order to cash systems, it’s the scheduling, it’s the dispatch, it’s the routing and the mapping and the navigation.  We believe that capital budgets, we will be redeploying from an ELD centricity that they’ve had over the last year into the enterprise side of their tucking companies’ business. And we are starting to see that reflect from the bookings that we are picking up in the enterprise side of our business.  So, you add those factors together, and you would have our thesis for where we see continued good growth in the Transportation business on a year-over-year basis, albeit I would expect at this point that it would be slightly less than, or moderately less than what we saw last year on a year-over-year basis. 
Robert Painter: Hey, Brett, this is Rob. So I would look at three things. I would look at the strategy, the business model, and the competitive environment. And if I start with the business model it’s a SaaS business. So two-thirds of the revenue is SaaS. The rest is mostly the – so that SaaS revenue stream is attractive and the reality of competitive environment is that it does have revenue stream than you would see what’s perpetual software and you would see with hardware.  Also about what the business model is, it’s a company with – and last year with over 20% EBITDA margins, growing over 20%, things growing at 5%. So that, rule of 40, you hear about, software companies or SaaS software companies achieving that and of course that will them come play into evaluation. When you look at the strategy and I think that’s probably really the play, I’d say.  That should get started and that’s what Steve covered in his commentary is that, we think it helps us achieve a leading position in project delivery and helps us execute on an owner-driven strategy and construction. Think about, I’ll say that, take a building, the construction of a building, who has the most to gain or lose by that construction being done on time and on budget, that’s the owner.  And if you look at the lifetime cost of actually occupying a building, about 80% of it occurs after you are actually in the building itself. Its design and engineering and execution and build and whole operational phase means a great deal to the owner over that life cycle and that’s strategically is what we – is one of the things we saw very important and compelling about this business. And then, the last I would say is it was, certainly a competitive process. This is a great team and a great business. 
Robert Painter: Sure, so we did grow in North America. So, well, yes, I have been focusing lately on talking about Brazil, Russia, Europe, CIS countries, Asia Pacific where we have been growing faster than North America. We did grow in North America we grew in our aftermarkets business in North America.  Our OEM business also grew in the North American market and as you know the commodity prices remained – certainly remain challenged, but we seem to see that the farmers are adjusting to what appears to be a new normal. We see capital being deployed, in other words, machinery being bought. I think the tax change, I think that bodes well going forward in the market where the accelerated depreciation I think is sectional 79 goes further into law and not only will it cover new equipment.  But it actually expands to cover used equipment and we think that the purchase of equipment versus, let’s say the leasing of equipment has a more favorable dynamic when it comes to the adoption of technology on machine. So, we add up those factors and what we’ve been seeing in North America, we would anticipate coming into 2018. I still think 2018 in North America, that would tend to – I believe that will – while we believe we will grow, I think the growth still outside of North America would exceed that of North America. 
