Rob Painter: Thanks, everyone for taking the time to be with us today. I want to close by acknowledging the efforts of our 11,500 global Trimble colleagues for delivering a solid 2019. 2020 will be an important year as we lay the foundation for our connect and scale 2025 strategy. My message to investors is the same as our employees, we’ve got this. We appreciate your support. Operator, let’s please open up the line for questions.
Rob Painter: Hi, Ann. So if we look at the fourth quarter results in the transportation segment, and if I look at it on a year-over-year basis, that’s probably the best way to look at it at am op margin level and so at the operating margin level, we were, and I’d say 5 points to 6 points of degradation in the transportation segment from ELD, which is primarily threefold. First being hardware margins compressing towards the end of the second phase of the mandate going into effect. The second one were just some discrete one-time cost associated with the things like over the air updates which drive cellular bills up, and then the third impact was a bit of churn in the business that hit the fourth quarter. As we look to 2020 in the business, what I would set for expectations is a margin profile that’s roughly in line with the performance of 2019. So just think of revenue and profitability roughly the same and so we have some aspects of the business and transportation that will be improving and growing next year with somewhat of an offset in the ELD side which neutralizes that. So I would expect in 2020 revenue and op margins to be about the same as 2019. And that’s all in service of getting the 2021 results in line and protecting the long tail subscriber base that we have.
Rob Painter: It’s mostly organic, but there some revenue that’s associated with Kuebix, so on an organic basis, I would expect it to be slightly down, and transportation in 2020 that part of the down that we’ll also have in 2020 relates to our back office enterprise business – which is a transportation management system and we’re beginning the conversion to a subscription business model, which will be you know, a negative at the at the top and bottom line, but obviously virtuous to the business model as we grow the ARR in that business.
Rob Painter: So it will be lower margin in 2020, and there’s a, I’ll call it a freemium business model. So there’s over 21,000 shipper participants currently using the Kuebix shipping community. So a subset of those are paying participants in the model. So we’re driving shipper volume to the community and the platform to map to on the Trimble side, our carrier platform. So we think this is a – well these are very exciting space in ability, we think we have to uniquely connect the supply and the capacity side of transportation. So in the short-term, it will be a drag to EPS and we think this accelerates our ability to go after this strategy. There’s certainly a lot of transformation – digital transformation happening in all of our markets, we think are at the front and centre of that digital transformation. This is the next logical place and our interview in transportation is this connectivity between the shipper and the carrier. So if we would have done it organic – inorganically, it would have been an area where we wanted to put incremental investment. This is with the community of 21 21,000 carriers and growing - 21,000 shippers and growing this is – this to us was the best and quickest move.
Rob Painter: Sure, on the Kuebix side in 2020 would be a kind of a few pennies of EPS. So low to mid single-digit EPS hits from that acquisition and the investments we’re making in the business and to grow that business. On the coronavirus so the, hey, here’s the way we looked at it, we have Business that we do in China, so called, domestic China business and then we have a supply chain that comes out of China and it’s less about the finished goods supply chain, it’s really more about the components that come out of China. So for the business that we have in China, you know, again, take the 2% of revenue. Look at a mid guidance and close to $800, $700 call it, $795 will take 2% of that, cut that in half and you’ve got what we would estimate to be a hit, potential hit their impacting Q1, that doesn’t bridge the whole number. The rest of it is really supply chain dynamic and answer first there would be about one to one and a half weeks of relevant loss sales as a result of that. So the way we would come up with that calculation is as follows. We see about a three week and so this is what’s baked into our numbers. We see a three - about a three week I call it, delay. The first is Chinese New Year was extended one week. The second is that, you know, we’re midway through the second week where factories are coming back online, ours included but most of these factories are running at about a third capacity due within – due to the nature of how the officials are allowing people back into work. And then the third week of potential delay we see is relative to the freight. So freight is moving slow out of China, commercial carriers aren’t flying to China right now. So there’s additional freight time, a lot of which is going to Hong Kong to then get out of the region. So if you take, if you add those week, a week, a week up, you get three weeks, we figure we have – we estimate we have about two weeks I’ll say a buffer and supply and inventory. So 3 minus 2 equals 1, we apply that to the relevant revenue streams, because remember, it’s not all the revenue streams would be relevant in this analysis and you get the 3% we talked about. The ARR. If I look at the ARR specifically, we would not expect an impact on that an annualized recurring revenue coming out of the quarter. So this really is, you know, mostly centric to the hardware businesses.
Rob Painter: Sure, Rick. So I would think about first half of the year, second half of the year, we see a second half of the year and an accelerated growth rate as compared to the first, as opposed to the first half of the year. If we look at it at a segment, more of the segment level, I’ll give you a kind of a high level view of that. Building & Infrastructure would, you know for us be on an, I’d say on an apple-to-apple basis, the strongest segment coming into 2020. What we’ll see in addition in Buildings & Infrastructure this year is the subscription conversion, which does create a headwind, top and bottom. So you’ve heard me talk on the last calls about the success that the Viewpoint business and the e-Builder business have had as part of the Trimble portfolio, and they continue to outperform well at the end of last year. The SketchUp product, which is an architecture and design business initiated the conversion and 20,000 – I’m sorry, 2019 and 2020, we would hit the bottom of that trough. So we would hit a decrement there and then really come out starting in 2021. And then we expect to start to see a couple of our other businesses with software businesses within construction begin the transition, you know maybe really towards the back end – the back end of the year. So those are the dynamics happening within Buildings & Infrastructure. If we look at the Geospatial business, I’d say the assertion we have on the year is, we start out on the rough patch because the coronavirus impact is quite centric to Geospatial of the four reporting segments. And as we come through the year, we get some of the lapping effects as we start to lap the OEM, you know, challenges we had last year. I look at the Resources & Utilities business bit of a tale of two halves of the year some of that’s a lapping effect, but to standout performer actually is our Utilities business has been performing nicely in the second half of 2019. And we expect to see that performing and driving growth in the business and some of that is acquisition, the three acquisitions, we talked about role and Resources & Utilities that we had announced in the fourth quarter. And then transportation you know, the way I answered Dan’s question, I would answer it, same when I think about the first half and second half of the year is revenue growth like really pretty even throughout the year, low and throughout the year and even.
Rob Painter: By the time it rolls up at the segment or the company level, it doesn’t become material. Certainly there appears to be some well I’ll say more clarity, I guess it’s not perfect clarity of where the clarity of where it ends, but maybe not clarity of how it ends. But that increased clarity okay can provide some stabilization in the market. What I would want to say is the segment had a – or that subsegment of Buildings & Infrastructure, the BIN businesses had a really nice fourth quarter, some of which would have been the 53rd week we had. But really, if I look at the fundamentals that our standout performer was that architecture and design business, the SketchUp transition to subscription, we saw 50% year-over-year unit growth every single quarter last year, and really just a tremendous performance from that team and showing the possibilities of expanding the addressable market through the model conversion.
Rob Painter: If I started at the top level, we would have expected to see another 3 points of ARR growth from the transportation business, were not for some of the churn. And then if I look at the segments that underlying the Buildings & Infrastructure businesses were really the standout performer in terms of growing the recurring revenue in the quarter. Secondarily, in our Resources & Utilities business that positioning services and I know you’ve written the reports on their RTK networks, or whether it’s our RTK or RTX networks, where we provide ubiquitous [technical difficulty] accuracy to customers on a global basis. They had another outstanding quarter and outstanding year.
Rob Painter: In aggregate, what I would expect to see is mid to high single-digits in the first half of the year and then the possibility for the double in the second half of the year and the delta on that is the transportation business we see getting back to where we want it or towards where we want it, I should say in the second half of the year and that would be our opportunity to get that back in the double-digit on an organic basis.
Rob Painter: Yeah. So what I’ve talked about before, we’ve been closer to about $450 million of perpetual revenue that we have, that we would look at and analyze an ability to convert to subscription, not all of it will make sense to do. The plan we have is to accelerate the path that we were on for that. A good amount of that we’ll take this year 2020 to do the underlying planning and infrastructure building to start delivering upon it in 2021. And I would say in some cases, it’s a multi-year acceleration of the plans to move towards subscription. Two places where I would expect to see it the most on the software side would be in the BIN software and the construction side, and secondarily, and transportation and the back office software that we have, those are the – follow the 80/20 rule and those are the two big opportunities represented two big opportunities, we have to accelerate transition. I’m committed to you know, making the investments we need to in the underlying systems and plumbing of Trimble in order to help us execute upon the conversion strategy. It’s the right thing to do for the business. And I think the – and the potential is, I think, you know, outstanding for the company when we do this. And it’s more than just converting to a subscription business model for the sake of changing a business model, you know our strategy, when we talk about connect and scale 2025 is connect the lifecycles that we serve. If we’re going to connect the lifecycles that we serve, we need to be able to deliver integrated and bundled offerings of the hardware and the software. So – think about configurable packages or collections of the solutions that we have. So we think on many fronts that this enables additional opportunities down the line and ultimately, I think this can enable a data strategy for Trimble. The other place to look out for this year for us is on the hardware side. And we’ll have you know dropped that a couple – in a couple of the calls that we’ll investigate and experiment with some hardware as a service type business model. And those may show up as a term license in the end and then you know we’ll have to bridge for the Street when we’re trying that. One thing to know about the term license offer by the way, as it sits about $75 million. And that’s not picked up in ARR which, although right in the old accounting and 605 accounting that would have been considered recurring revenue. So that’s missing when we talk about that 1.3 – $1.13 billion of ARR that excludes the term license software as well, which is an attractive revenue stream, in addition then to converting additional businesses to subscription and software meets starting to make some experimentation on the hardware side.
Rob Painter: I think about clarity when I think about reducing the number of segments. So if you take the construction business as an example and we’re pursuing a strategy of connected construction and agriculture, we talk about a connected farm and transportation, we talk about a connected supply chain. So this connectivity is central to the strategies that we’re pursuing. I’m a believer in single points of accountability. So in the construction business, we have a single point of accountability for effecting – positively affecting the strategy to connect construction. So the extent to which we need to make capital allocation decisions and priorities and tradeoffs. We’re doing so now within construction under one leader as opposed to what would have been multiple leaders reporting, I guess, gives the old construct multiple leaders reporting to me, it consolidates that effort within construction. So I think we can be faster and I think we can be better as a result of the structural reorganization that we made. So that clarity into direction of clarity and the priorities speed at which we can make decisions, I think these are all really important things. In terms of visibility, let’s say and if you mean visibility into the financials in the pipeline, you know, the visibility increase is going to come as we get more and more recurring revenue in the business you know as David mentioned now I think it’s 34% of our revenue is recurring, that keeps going north and there’s businesses and that’ll be a good thing for the visibility.
Rob Painter: Well, that’s thematic level I’d say it’s an ongoing focus. So and we’ve defined our strategy as we call it, connect and scale 2025. We work backwards from what we see as the 2025 opportunity in our business to get to that 2025 strategy, we were installing an operating system that simultaneously looks at strategy, people and execution. And we talk about renewing the culture at Trimble, the Foundation which is built upon inspire, engage and achieve, we inspire purpose, we engage to get the best out of one another and we orient to achieve outcomes, that I would say is an ongoing thing for us and don’t intend to change that in the coming months, quarters, years I’d call that the constant as we move forward. To get to your question about let’s say, what would change and what you should expect? Certainly, we will be talking – continue to be talking about the subscription business models and that’s something you know, we’ll continue to update investors on. That’s why we think it’s the right thing to do in the second half of the year is to have another Investor Day, you know, David and myself being new into the respective roles, and we’re talking about model conversions. It just sets up a logical timing to do that in the second half a year to get more specific about what that means on a mid to long-term basis. So that would be probably the thing I would point out in terms of to, you know, watch for the ongoing commentary around. Otherwise, the rest of what I talked about, I would say is ongoing.
Rob Painter: Sure. So when we think about the connect and scale 2025 strategy, when we’re in the, I’ll say the strategy pillar, we’re looking at the nature of the markets that we serve. So we need to be serving markets that have attractive fundamentals, two, we need to have the right solution set just delivering customer value and three, we need to optimize the go-to-market model. Those are the three things we think about within the strategy. So when I look at and we look at the market attractiveness and map that to say, the portfolio of businesses at Trimble and I’d say that axis, the X and Y axis to think about are the 2 by 2 is going to be a financial performance on one axis and strategic fit/slash importance on the other. And great low and low in that matrix is, you know, not the place to be. And so when we think about what makes strategic fit, okay that can have a, you know, its own set of dimensions to it. In aggregate, when we look at the portfolio now there’s maybe 5% of the revenue that we think is relevant to take a harder look at. So 5%, not 10%, not 20% but 5% that does represent potentially a number of businesses and an aggregate and to the extent that I mean we believe that we can be more focused as a team and that really kind of becomes more focused with the management bandwidth [technical difficulty] more focused with capital, but more focused with our bandwidth. You know, we want to put that bandwidth we have to impacting the strategies in those five businesses that we talked about. So that’d be the – let’s say the potential exit side of an analysis in the portfolio from an additive side to the portfolio, I would expect us to be acquiring on an ongoing basis within you know say, constraints of the, you know, the liquidity in the debt structure and right deal, right time. Look at our long baseline, we’ve been an acquisitive company over time, we don’t acquire for the sake of acquiring and to positively impact and affect the strategy as we look to these to define the transformation – digital transformation of the markets we’re serving. Kuebix is of course, an example of that. We had announced there’s three deals in the fourth quarter. So I would expect you know us to be open to the right opportunities over time.
Rob Painter: I think it’s relatively simple. We move from the phase one signed piece of paper to purchases happening – purchases happen, inventory goes down, money comes in that is, farm income goes up, capital is outlaid. That’d be the chain I would draw on that. Now in between now and then, what we would see it say, on a positive side or positive side for Trimble is that equipment in the field is ageing. And the nature of the technology we have can make that equipment more productive. So we do look to upgrade technology that’s in the field and we’re not just dependent on new machines coming off the line certainly helps when your machines come out into the market, but the majority of our business – the strong majority of our business is an aftermarket business. And I should add for context, as you think about you know, modeling us. Our agriculture business in North America is now a minority of our business in Ag you know, we did used to be two-thirds, North American business it’s now inverse of that of the bulk you know, Europe’s now our largest market. So we’ve diversified geographically over these last few years in the agriculture business, that’s how we think about the trade deal. So I’ll be – it’s clearly a good thing that we have the deal and, you know, now let’s, it needs to play out.
Rob Painter: Hi, Colin. So if we think about that – let me work backwards from the market opportunity that we see and we see a set of markets and capabilities we can serve on highway and then off highway. If you think about off highway, what we do in agriculture and construction, we call machine control and guidance. So that’s a level between level one and two autonomy already today. We just never called it on autonomy. So the nature of the guidance is already on a spectrum of autonomy. And we’ll continue to work our way up that spec – autonomous spectrum towards the level five. And we think the way to get there is to extend automation into workflows and you know, both in agriculture and in construction. And we also think when you bring together the whole portfolio of Trimble and we talk about connected construction or connected farm and if you really extend that analogy all the way out and we got level five autonomy at some point in time, those machines need to know what to do. They need a work order, they need a plan, they need to fit inside some other system. And guess what, we have those systems by virtue of the connection on the physical and digital field, the office, the hardware and the software that we do today. We think we’re really well positioned to do that. And so we’re bullish on the opportunity we have there. When we look at the on highway world, you know we’ve been arguably a contiguity, a supplier of high definition mapping systems. We sell a positioning stack of technologies you can trace back the 41 year history of Trimble and our routes and positioning technologies. So whether it’s RTK or RTX providing correction services to our inertial technologies to dead reckoning technologies to the GPS chipsets. We have a set of technology that’s relevant and our world is moving towards, you know, autonomy on highway. And like off highway, it may start with the automated driving systems and we called ADS systems where, you know we’re doing work with companies today, whether it’s the OEMs or the Tier 1s. And so, we see a continued same set of possibilities, interesting and attractive possibilities to us in that world. So then what we did structurally as I guess organizationally is, we looked across the company where we have let’s say, pockets or divisions or businesses that had relevant technology in the world of autonomy. And we brought those together under one leader. So rather than having a set of potentially subscale efforts in a number of different parts of the company, we brought them together and, you know, to that you know, mantra, one leader; one direction. So we feel really good about it, and it also maps to the Geospatial business quite well. So when you think about, you know, a good number of these businesses are within our Geospatial, recording segment. So we do a fair amount of technologies map to map there.
Rob Painter: Well, we’re certainly open to it if it’s the number is clearly if it’s consistent with the strategy. We’ve been in an – investment grade and so we’d like to maintain the investment grade status, that right sort of bounce that leverage to the parameters. Of course, you can go above that and work your way down there and in due course. You know, we think we are strategically positioned and very attractive place in all of – really in all the end markets that we serve, and we want to continue to lead those end markets that we serve. And so to the extent the transformative deals present themselves, we would certainly be open to it again if it fits the strategy and that fits the right team and the right culture fit and if our businesses are going to place to, you know, to be ready to absorb the work to do that. And I will say by way of context or backdrop on the markets we’re in, really not a lot of deals that are more companies out there that actually kind of hit the threshold of that size. And we talked about that more in construction, we have in transportation, but say in the construction market, you know, within about a 18 month – 12-month to 18-month time span of when we did the Viewpoint and e-Builder deals that small set of companies that we’re operating at scale where largely are acquired in pretty short order. We look at markets like agriculture, there’s really, you know, if you’re looking at Ag software company and there’s not Ag software companies of scale, and then you get to transportation, which is where you are and there’s a few, but many.
