Rob Painter: Let me thank our colleagues, customers and partners for their support and their work in our strategic and financial progression. I’m proud to say that we continue to win culture and innovation awards, and proud to announce that we received approval of our emissions reduction targets by the Science Based Targets Initiative. Our objective is a 50% reduction in scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2030. In addition, we released our first task force on climate related financial disclosures report. In 2022, our highlight financial metrics were ARR growth and gross margin expansion. Our 2022 ACV bookings give us confidence that we can continue to grow ARR at a double-digit rate in 2023. Hardware demand remains the hardest revenue stream to predict. While the signals are mixed, and even a bit confusing in the short-term, the long-term secular attractiveness remains. Our ability to uniquely connect the physical and digital worlds provides a guiding light for our business and remains the foundation of our right to win in our served markets. We have surgically reduced our expense structure and moderated spending across the Company to ensure discipline and focus in an uncertain environment. What remains certain is our conviction to grow our business by focusing on our customers and continuing to execute our Connect and Scale strategy. Operator, let’s now open the line for questions.
Rob Painter: Hey, good morning, Jonathan. It's Rob. So let me give you -- break it down in three respects, context, strategy and next steps. For context, let's talk about Connect and Scale, and our strategy means to connect users data and workflow and the users are at the center of our universe. And in that we believe we need to be closer to the customers that user, that farmer. So when we talk to the customers, and we work with, by the way over 100 OEMs today, and obviously, the farmers themselves, what they're asking us to do is to help them manage a mixed fleet. And I personally visited farmers in the last 6 months in Mexico, Chile, Brazil, Japan, Australia, Germany, and here in the U.S. So the strategy is we -- go-to-market strategy is we sell-through multiple avenues today to reach our customers we sell. We have a direct sales, particularly the enterprise farms, we sell-through OEMs, we work with over 100 OEMs and then we sell-through a channel, and the channel breaks down into a Trimble channel that we already have today to reach the aftermarket as well as selling through CNH dealers in the aftermarket. So what we're moving from is where we sell to CNH today, so call it CNH --from Trimble to CNH corporate to reach the CNH dealer. That's the from the to -- the to be state we'll be going from Trimble straight to independent dealers. And those independent dealers will be capable of selling the full line of Trimble CAT, which is more than guidance, because we also do variable rate, we do selective spraying, we do water management, and we do software. So as we look forward to this, as we work through the transition, we need to sign up the dealers to be independent dealers directly with Trimble. And we think it can expand the available set of products and capabilities they have to take to market, we think that will help us be incrementally closer to the end users of the technology and in a context of customer success, which is part of our strategy. And we think we can help customers and those users become more successful with the technology because when we're out there in the field, talking to them, they are asking for help to integrate and manage a mixed fleet of technology as well as mixed fleet of equipment.
Rob Painter: Sure. So we've been investing in this strategy incrementally, really for the last couple of years. And demonstrable evidence of where we see the attractiveness of it and I'd say momentum for it is in the growth of the ARR. So the work we're doing up front really is touching more of our software businesses first, and particularly the recurring revenue businesses that we have. So a post of 16% organic growth on ARR, the 1.6 billion. This is supporting growth, continued growth and as and I think from a shareholder value perspective, this would be the most valuable revenue stream that we have at the company. The investments, they pick up systems, they pick up people, they pick up process, so from a systems perspective and customer facing, I think internal facing from a connect -- The scale part of Connect and Scale, enabling us to efficiently and effectively grow. Look at people and the work that we're doing, we look at customer success. Customer Success is about net retention. That's the metric you look at for customer success. And the economics of net retention are very, very powerful. So I'm of a mind, we're of a mind that we continue down this path. And if anything, we continue down this path with more, more conviction. And behind all of this there's a strong balance sheet 24.3% EBITDA in the quarter. So we believe this is emphatically the right thing to do at this moment.
Rob Painter: Hey. Hi Chad. So I just want to go back to the CNH agreement. I just think in better understand the medium-term organic growth potential and maybe you can talk about what needs to be done to set up the independent channel. And when you expect that to be in place, and just how much of your product portfolio, you'll be able to sell within that channel versus how much you're able to sell with CNH.
Rob Painter: Hey, Chad, so this is Rob. I'll start with the quantitative framework. We had a chart on the second slide that showed over the last 3 years. The CAGR of the hardware businesses has been 12%. Those three businesses are surveys, civil construction, And Ag. Ag has been above that 12%. growth over the last 3 years. And Ag grew this year. And it grew even more if you exclude Russia and Ukraine, which was we were selling quite a bit of kit and to Russia. And so we'll start to lap that later this year, mid this year. So to call that context, in terms of the growth that we've had. And I'll give you some more context when we look at -- we look at units, we look at pricing, we look at share of wallet, we look at market share, and we think we're holding our own on a global basis and probably growing, growing in, Europe holding around and North America growing in Brazil. So we now turn to the to the CNH part of your question. For this only for that we're talking about the aftermarket business that we have with CNH. As we -- and that business that we sell-through CNH into the aftermarket today is primarily guidance. So an opportunity we have as we move to independent dealers. And remember we have independent dealers today, they're Trimble, four line Trimble dealers today in agriculture. As we move the business that goes through CNH, that gives us an opportunity to expand the product portfolio to a set of independent dealers. Those independent dealers could very well be dealers we already work with today, that just will happen in a direct route with a direct relationship with us at Trimble or it may be a fully New Dealer, we have a 12-month transition with CNH on this part of the arrangement. And it's a very positive conversation. I want to say that we've been having with the CNH with the CNH team. So optimistic here, it's the right thing to do with what our customers are asking for. And it's time to get to work to set it up. That's helpful. And then just my second question. So can you give an update on the digital transformation? What percentage are you done -- [indiscernible] '23. Can you talk about some of the focus areas for this coming year, and if you can quantify just like the incremental cost to execute expecting for '23.
Rob Painter: Sure. Good morning, Kristen. This is Rob. I will answer the question. So you're correct, that contingent of businesses is doing very well and it's even more than e-Builder, Viewpoint, SketchUp, it's from a Tekla Structures offering our mechanical electrical plumbing software as well or project management software, really the whole contingent is performing. I'll say 1 thing that is nice on the software side and the recurring revenue is certainly get a higher degree of predictability. There is not a wholesale in between the retail and so you get a clear demand -- a clear view of the demand, which is why, by the way, on the hardware side, we're looking back at the 3-year trend on the CAGR so that we can see the signal through the noise. In terms of what's working with it, I would say it's the value proposition meets the digitization of the market. So call it the secular aspect of digitization, had a chance to meet with a number of construction companies during my travels over the last month was with one of the largest European contractors in the world yesterday here in Colorado. And digitization and data and sustainability are at the top -- very top of the agenda of those customers, and they know they need to adopt technology in order to further their strategies. Most of these -- many -- most of these companies have solid backlog and they need technology to help them get the work done. From a value proposition perspective, we are hearing strong resonance with the -- I'd say both the integrated and connected offerings and Trimble Construction One certainly seems to have resonance with the customers that we're talking to, even in its early form that it is. We see that and as evidence of that, we had a record level of cross-sell ACV bookings and building infrastructure in the fourth quarter. So that tells me that there's -- it's not just marketing resonance. It actually has resonance in terms of turning into business. So the value proposition it's around a connected offering. So customers increasingly are looking to move from optimizing tasks to optimizing the system. And to do that, they need to have more connected data and more connected workflows. We are hearing customers say they -- this is -- because this is where they want to go, they want to buy it from one company as opposed to having to stitch together multiple, let's say, multiple vendors on their own. They like the ease of the dealing with the one company or even the one overall account representative. So there's an aspect of ease to doing business with us, meets a level of connectivity which is ultimately they’re trying to get to do their work better, faster, safer, cheaper [indiscernible], and it is resonating.
Rob Painter: Yes. Sorry, I forgot about that -- great to. Thanks for the question. So on Transporeon, I'd say the great news of Transporeon is they already have that through the 140,000 carriers. About 1,400 shippers in the network. 3,000 integrations of PRP and [indiscernible] management systems and already last year had $25 million --transactions run through the system. It is definitively a platform company really and in the mode of connect and scale. So they have a set of connected capabilities. They're selling it through a dedicated sales force. There's a land-and-expand play within that. There's strong net retention. There's strong growth retention in the business. So actually, I see as much that we can take from Transporeon to Trimble as much as we -- I think that we could take aspects of Trimble into the Transporeon business, I would like to say, it's 1 of the many reasons I'm excited by that because I think it will be DNA additive to us as where -- and I know this, as we're e-Builder and Viewpoint acquisitions were additive to us at Trimble to take the best of and take it to other model transitions that we've done. And I see the same thing in store with Transporeon.
Rob Painter: It's -- there's a number of puts and takes in our hardware gross margin. We've already seen a benefit. So in the third and fourth quarter of '22, we got to the point where for our hardware businesses, our price realization more than offset our cost improvements. So that's sort of baked into the run rate now. We are continuing to take pricing at a moderate level in our hardware businesses. So that ought to help our margins just a little bit on the hardware side, but by far bigger story is the mix shift.
Rob Painter: Yes. So let me frame it up this way. If we look at our dealer destocking, I would say it had a negative approximately 400 basis point impact on our organic revenue trends. So we reported flat. We would have been roughly up 4% without the dealer destocking. So if you look specifically at hardware, our hardware revenues organically were down 13. So I think you can infer, Tami, that there was some market softness, particularly in Geospatial surveying market in Q4, which partly we think is temporal. We had a lot of new products last year and as in many businesses, when you have new products, you get a spike in orders, and we had a clean supply chain to deliver those through. So we've got a bit of a pullback for that reason. Fundamentally, I would say the secular end market sales to retail trends feel up -- maybe not up as much as they were earlier in 2022, but the general direction is up. There's some soft areas, including anything tied directly to residential construction that is clearly contracted. But on the balance with what's happening in infrastructure, we think the secular direction of demand is up. But with the dealer destocking and the customer ordering patterns earlier in '22, we're seeing a pullback for those reasons.
Rob Painter: Hey, Jerry, good morning. It was so, on TC1, the Trimble Construction One, the best evidence I can give you on the progress is that comes in the form of the record level of cross-sell and upsell that we had in the quarter on from an ACV bookings perspective. And the reality is not all of that is the Trimble Construction One branded portfolio. So there are some aspects where we can just sell across the portfolio, which I'd say, a subset really of TC1. That cross-sell is a percent of the total ACV bookings and Buildings & Infrastructure software was nearly 30%. So for us, that's a record dollars, record percentage level. And when we go through the business reviews, we look at almost every account to look at what they're buying and why they're buying it and looking at the competitive win ratios. What we're seeing is when we're selling the bundled offerings, whether it's less than the full TC1 offering or it's TC1 as we're seeing the sales cycles reduce. We're seeing the size of the bookings go up. We're seeing the win ratios go up as well. And so in aggregate, it looks to be a winning formula. And I would add to that, Jerry, that it's still relatively early in the game for us. And so with the sales kickoff meetings that we've been having in the last weeks, it is really a big emphasis to the team. So to get the offering out to the general contractors and then the next person is after that in architecture engineering owners and public sector and then geographically rolling that out as well and aligning the sales team behind that and then actually doing the sales enablement work underneath the covers, which is critical to help the sellers with their effectiveness. So I'd say, Jerry, lots in aggregate or in some, I think lots of good things happening on this front, and we'll keep updating you here every quarter.
Rob Painter: And Rob, I want to add just a bit of context too, on top of the Connect and Scale investments because it's a capital allocation call. And so we've taken down spend in other parts of the company, in part to help fund what we're doing here. So we've thought a lot about the cost management aspect of our model. If we look over the last 3 years, organically, ARR has grown double-digit over 12%. Total revenue has grown 6%. The gross margin dollars have grown faster than that, as the mix shifts more software-centric. And our total headcount organically has grown2% over that time frame. So a third of total revenue growth, [indiscernible] of the ARR growth. And so it's very much in context of how we're thinking about allocating capital at Trimble and where we're putting it to work.
Rob Painter: Let's say, from a flexibility -- if we're talking acquisition and deployment of the balance sheet, I would say here in the next 12 to 18 months, not a lot of flexibility because our primary commitment is to deleverage. So certainly, anything at scale, I would say we've limited some flexibility of the balance sheet. Now if it's not at scale, and so if it's -- whether it's a rivet size acquisition or it's Trimble Ventures, where we put single-digit millions to work. In that aspect, I would say we do retain some flexibility with caution to stay close to making sure we understand our model and that we're taking a relatively conservative view of the balance sheet. Now to the P&L, let's not forget that in 2022, 38% of our total revenue now recurring. $1.6 billion that's grown, we believe will grow double-digit again in next year. So our P&L has more visibility than it's ever had and therefore the business model has got more resilience. And so -- and we maintain the investment grade. So I look at those factors altogether, and I'd say there's [indiscernible] flexibility on a smaller size of capital deployment, not a lot of flexibility on transformative sized deals for the next couple of years.
Rob Painter: The short answer is yes. Yes, with the 2% our business in Europe, and that's live and working, and we're just about to roll out the next phased to North American principally to our North American software businesses and with further rollouts from there. But we're moving forward.
David Barnes: Yes, hey, Rob. Its David Barnes. First point I'll make is that the supply chain, the constraints, and then the removed constraints has really moved trends around in our shipments, in our dealer inventory, that were hard to predict and in some cases, challenging to understand. So just by way of reminder, we had unsustainably and undesirably high hardware backlog early in 2022. Our supply chain even today isn't fully freed up, but to the extent that it freed up it happened very dramatically at the end of second quarter. So we shipped a lot of product, you'll recall that the hardware revenue was way up at that timeframe. So dealer inventories did grow. And I'll say it took us a while to figure out how quickly the dealers were able to find customers for and deploy that inventory. And that happened exactly while some of the end markets that our dealers serve slow, particularly in the geospatial side. There's probably the highest within Trimble level of exposure direct and indirect, to residential home construction, which slowed. There's some anxiety about the general economic outlook. So these two things happened all together, freeing up our supply chains, very big backlog, lots of shipments and I created the destocking that we talked about a quarter ago, and it has picked up. We're not through it yet. We think we have a pretty good sense of where our dealers want to be and where they will be over the sustained period of time. It's my guess that we'll have two more quarters, Q1 and Q2 of meaningful inventory reductions in our dealers and anything after that will be smaller. But the guidance we've given reflects that expectation.
David Barnes: Yes, well, what I'll say is that we still do have isolated cases of supply challenges in our Ag, one of them. But I think at that point, they'll be -- so that there may be some reasons For dealers to have a little more inventory than they would have had pre-COVID, not much though. Supply is really good. Hey, Rob, the thing I remind you on as we look at this noise of one quarter to another, big increases in the first half of '22. And the decline, we just reported, Rob had a good chart in his presentation of the multiyear trend. We're still way above where we were. So we do think that a lot of this is the noise of the resetting of the supply chain. That's the bigger factor really than any fundamental change in demand.
David Barnes: So from -- I'll start with the second part, the incremental cost is about 100 bps to the bottom line consistent with what we've we had this year as well. So that's the cost side of the equation. On the focus side of the equation, the digital transformation, there's a meta theme, its more than a system transformation for us. So, I think about people, I think about process and think about systems and the systems themselves. And then we think about the go-to-market specs of the digital transformation. And it's primarily focused right now on supporting our software businesses, particularly software businesses within buildings, and infrastructure. And that connects with the Trimble construction one dialogue that we've had with you and others. And so, first point of reference I look at is continuing to grow the ACB bookings, which is the leading indicator for the growth of the ARR. When we look at net retention as a key metric as well with inside that go-to-market. We look at the organization of the sales team itself and the go-to-market. So in France, Benelux, we've put the construction sales team together, software team as 1 organization. We've mostly done that in North America as well. And so it's getting the sales team aligned to sell consolidated offering of Trimble Construction One. And then with Trimble Construction One, it started out as a general -- targeted to general contractors and then we will be releasing more persona-based bundles. Remember, we sell to owners in the public sector. We sell to architects and engineers. So we have targeted portfolios to sell to those personas with the go-to-market team, a sales team that comes more and more together, as 1 organization to be enabled and equipped to sell everything that we do. On the system side, in the second quarter, we'll have the next, I'll say, big release of the systems. Those systems are meant to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our own sellers. And it moves closer and closer to having commerce capabilities -- e-commerce capabilities from an external -- with an external lens. On the people side, we continue to invest in customer success. And on the process side, we continue to invest in developing the playbooks for how we go-to-market starting with that software business, but then the next wave after that goes into software and other parts of Trimble and then into the hardware that we sell-through our dealer channels. And I was asked -- we got asked a question earlier in the call about visibility into dealers and their inventory. This is another reason that we think that the systems investments are a good thing for us to get increased levels of precision on that visibility. Hope that helps, Chad.
David Barnes: Tami, it's David. The way to think about that is essentially all of the gross margin improvement is the evolving mix of our business. We are continuing to take price mostly in hardware, but at a lower rate so that's not real the margin driver. What's driving our margins up is we're becoming more and more of a software business and those have higher gross margins.
David Barnes: Yes, hey Jason, its David Jason, it's David. We do expect churn from a handful of customers, principally in our Transportation segment. These are customers that made a decision to come off our platforms many quarters ago, and they're just now implementing them. So I see that as noise, not signal our customer satisfaction and retention in transportation is on a secular positive trend. We just expect to see a number of these probably in the first quarter pull off. So that will reduce our ARR growth rate a little bit lower in Q1 from what we expect to see for the full year.
David Barnes: Yes. Hey, Rob. It's David Barnes. I'll try both. On the Connect and Scale discrete investments spending on that '22versus '21 was about 100 basis points around $40 million. Embedded in our guidance for 2023 is a deceleration in the rate of growth. So we'll spend somewhere in the order of another $20 million or a little more than that, $1million incremental, $23 million above $22 million. We still have more to do and we are -- we believe this is a high priority investment. With regard to the model options, I would say the menu that we presented at the Investor Day is still out there. This topic is tied with digital transformation, our ability to sell hardware and software bundles together in recurring basis is heavily dependent on the rollout of our digital transformation. We're doing it in a somewhat [indiscernible] way now, but the bulk of that opportunity is ahead of us and all the options that we showed at the investors still options we're considering.
David Barnes: Yes. Look, we've communicated the financial parameters there. We still don't own the business. Obviously, we're talking to them, but we have no update to our outlook, and we'll update that outlook once the transaction closes at some point in the first half of this year.
David Barnes: Sure. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back to Michael Leyba for closing remarks.
