Raj Bahri: I think Q1 will have a catch-up for the R&D credit, the legislation was passed in January, and it’s retroactive to January of 2011, so we have a catch up...Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Oh, I got you.
Raj Bahri: You know, we had said that there will be a big revenue hair-cut in – for TMW in Q because of the deferred revenue hair-cut. So we did – said that that would not – that would add some revenue and it added around $15 million, $16 million of revenue. And we said on an EPS basis it’ll be breakeven to slightly dilutive. So that hurt our operating margins. As I mentioned in my script, our margins were dragged down because of acquisitions and Dimensions. We were up – in spite of those two things we were still up year-over-year on margins. But both those things, the Dimensions cost as well as the acquisition was a drag on margin in Q4. And the acquisition impact, the dilution will continue a little bit in Q1 as well, of TMW, and really Q2 we’ll come to a steady state on these acquisitions. So these acquisitions will no longer be a drag in Q2 going forward. In fact, TMW is a very – as we said, you know, it makes – it has a run rate of $100 million of revenue and it has margins around the 25% – north of 25% range. Those really come into play in from Q3 – Q2 onwards. It will be a drag in Q4 – it was a drag in Q4 and it will be a drag in Q1 as well on our marginsRich Valera – Needham & Company: Understood. Thank you.
Raj Bahri: So, you know, as we saw this year we finished almost to a double digit margin – 9.9% – and last year was around 2% to 3%, so we saw significant expansion this year. And we should see an upward trend; as subscription revenue is increasing this margin should trend upwards into 2013. So you should look at a slope upwards throughout the quarter. I don’t want to be precise – give a precise number, but, you know, it should be an upward trend. And we have significant leverage on the subscription revenue, as you saw in 2012.
Raj Bahri: Sure. So I can give you some perspective. We started breaking down our revenue in three different categories. The product category includes the hardware and the software licenses that we sell, so it does include a combination of both. And then we have service revenue, which is a recurring stream, which is primarily maintenance on the software licenses we have sold and also warranty and those type of things. And then we have subscription revenue where we charge things on a monthly basis for providing the service. So as a combination of service and subscription revenue in 2012 was $473 million and last year the same was $298 million. So in those two categories which carry with it a higher margin there was a 57%, 58% growth rate. Now some of it was acquisition, some of it was organic, but it gives you a direct – and as a result, if you look at the gross margins, we saw a big jump up in our gross margins year-over-year. Our gross margins jumped from 53% to 54.5%, 150 basis points, and that was a reflection of this shift towards higher maintenance revenue related to software and higher subscription revenue.
Raj Bahri: So we did upsize the facility because the financing, you know, was much – the refinancing was cheaper and we put more flexibility on the balance sheet just in case. But there is no intent of using it. And then we also extended the facility for another – you know for five years, so it gave us another two years extra. So those were reasons for doing it. It wasn’t to – there was no signal to say that we are acquiring something big. It was for more flexibility, better cost and extension of time.
Raj Bahri: Sure. We had a one-time gain. We had a small equity interest in a dealer that we had for a while. We were able to sell it at a big gain, so that showed up in other income. I think it was $6.8 million or so, but we non-GAAP’ed it out. So it’s not in the non-GAAP numbers. It is in our GAAP EPS we have a favorability, but we do not take into account when you look at the non-GAAP numbers.
Raj Bahri: Steve had mentioned that, we can account at approximately 5 points of growth in 2013 versus 2012 from acquisitions.
Raj Bahri: Sure. I mean, if you look at our full year numbers Asia-Pac was up significantly. Asia-Pac was up like 27%; just to trying to dig the numbers here as we talk. Asia-Pac for the full year was up 27% and the rest of the world was up 9%. Now quarter-to-a-quarter there are sometimes swings, one-times that we just sometimes get especially in emerging markets there are contracts that are up for bid. So we may have – last year I know we had a big contract that was up in India that we won. It was not repeatable in Q4 of this year, so India was down this year $3 million or $4 million in one quarter and that impacted the Asia-Pacific number for this quarter. So you will always have a little bit of swings by quarter, but you really need to look at it on a full year basis. And Asia-Pacific was up 27%. And we hardly had any acquisitions in Asia in 2012.
Raj Bahri: We will be giving more on the full year basis because it varies from quarter-to-quarter but it was double-digit in Q4 as well.
Steve Berglund: Well, I’m not sure I fully comprehend the question, but let me try and you can redirect me as necessary. So I think that when we start to talk about next year – if we start to talk about 2014, frankly, I feel a higher level of security talking about the out quarters and out years more so than just exactly what may be happening in the next three to six months in the U.S. in particular. But I think the – well, the source of the funding is largely commercial decisions; we’re selling ROIs. So I think the appetite for investment overall, short-term considerations aside, is strong. If you look at construction we’re selling productivity and significant productivity into the construction realm. And I think that there is a strong appetite and in fact a growing appetite to invest in technology to capture the ROIs in construction. So I think E&C is overall a positive story relative to both willingness and ability to invest. I think the technology change is probably going to lead to structural changes in construction because those contractors able and willing to invest in technology will get the upper hand competitively over time. So I think it will lead to some structural changes. But I think the willingness and ability to invest on the E&C side is strong. Now there’s a secondary issue here, which is the relative health of state and local spending on things like highways and the like. So there is a government funding issue that is out there, but if anything, that environment somewhat improved to what it was two, three years ago. So I think steady as she goes in that regard. So I think that there are no fundamental limitations relative to ability to invest or willingness to invest in E&C. I think agriculture runs to its own rules, to its own tempo, and I think the – in general, on a worldwide basis the farm economy is strong and farmers have a strong willingness and ability to invest. And then when we get to Mobile, if anything there, I think the implementation of technology. If anything the driving forces there are stronger than anywhere else in the company. Part of this is regulatory. The regulatory regime in the U.S. is toughening and, in fact, trucking companies for example are going to have to invest in technology to comply with the regulatory environment. And then again there’s a very strong ROI here in the Mobile space as well. So I would say is the – willingness and ability to invest is not the longer term constraint. We may see a quarter or two of indecision, but I think playing out over the course of the year it should be very strong.
Steve Berglund: Again, there will be a general trend even in agriculture towards what’s called a more software-rich environment. But then the question gets to be is, okay, if on the tractor the farmer is looking at a screen that is controlling the entire system so that what looks to be a piece of hardware probably has tens of thousands, maybe more, lines of code on it. So is that software or is that hardware? So I think that the software content, the relative value of the software in the solution is going to grow. It’s just okay, where’s the line of demarcation between hardware and software; sometimes it’s relatively hard. Now I think there will be a general trend – not really all that evident yet – there will be a general trend in agriculture just as there will be in construction, again very early days in either of these, but where we’re talking about the constructible model in construction, which is let’s call it a very data rich information intensive environment that will tend to shape all other activity in construction, we would start to see the same thing developing in the agriculture. Where you’ve got a sensor rich environment that’s collecting large amounts of data – maybe stretching the point here a little bit – square yard by square yard. So if you look at the amount of acreage planted worldwide, there gets to be a huge data question in terms of being able to do diagnosis and prescription kind of square yard by square yard, again stretching the case here a little bit. And so there will be a major, strong trend in the industry for agriculture to turn into let’s call it a data and software rich environment to make use of all the data that’s being generated by all these sensors out there collecting things like yield by square yard, so to speak. By the – and then the ability to prescribe a solution kind of square yard by square yard whether it be relative to fertilizer, pesticide, insecticide or even watering solutions. So I think that there are tidal forces that work both in construction and agriculture that leads to a much more – a much richer information and data solution. But then what enables that both in terms of collection and in terms of application is the hardware. So I think again it’s – the two blend into each other, which is why I’m being a little careful about declaring software to be a discrete business in and of itself, because it’s interwoven with the sensors and the hardware capability as well as a complete integral solution. But there are – the trend in both construction and agriculture is going to be towards much richer solutions based on the, let’s call it the big data sort of solutions that are becoming available out there. So I don’t know if that’s on point or not, but maybe about the best I can do for today.
Steve Berglund: Well, I think we’re being a little bit more open on construction in terms of what we’re doing. So certainly the acquisitions of SketchUp, the acquisition of Plancal, Tekla, when asked have been all aimed at the goal of what we’re calling constructible model, which to us is something different than the conceptual models, the kind of the cat oriens conceptual models that have been around. But a constructible model in our view is a lot more than lines and vectors and angles and that sort of thing, but actually encompasses a much richer information solution. Everything going on to – that’s being installed on the construction site has a history. And so the solution can essentially reach out and capture a history as well as just the current as-designed plan. So I think construction is closer to signs of evidence and, as I said in the script is, in terms of the platform concept we’re working on, is the first releases will be in 2013. So I would hope as a company that we start to provide evidence during the year of 2013 as to really what we believe – putting it on the line a little bit – in terms of new products coming out in 2013. So I think construction is, shall we say, a little bit more imminent. I think agriculture will play out over a longer period of time. But again there are comparative tidal forces at work here that make agriculture in many ways as interesting as construction. But on that one I’ll be a little more vague in terms of exactly when something’s going to happen.
Steve Berglund: Well, I think – well, we’re back to – well, I guess for the fiscal year we were at – on non-GAAP operating margins – we were at a historical high for a fiscal year, of 19.5%. So I would say is that what will drive the margins up over time will be, first of all the software impact. As the software content increases, it will pull greater gross margins. And as long as we’re diligent on managing the costs below the gross margin line, we should be able to leverage that into higher operating margins. And then there’s kind of an overlapping effect, but it’s simply the portfolio effect. So if you look at Mobile Solutions, which is rounding slightly to 10% operating margins, the model should enable us over time to converge on the company average of – current company average of 20%. So there’s a portfolio effect that’s coming out of Mobile. Those would be the two primary effects. But I think – yeah. And so I think – but I think the key thing here – and I think we covered it either the last call or the call before that, is if you take these higher gross margins that we’re generating these days, which are up deeper into the 50%s than they used to be, and if we can return – if we can achieve the leverage to return to R&D, G&A, marketing and selling costs to levels that we’ve had in the past, which are higher at this point in time largely because of the acquisitions we brought in with higher gross margins but also higher costs below the gross margin line. If we can return to levels that we’ve had historically, which would be our overall intent, is, I would say, there – beyond kind of the 20% number that we’re achieving at this point in time – there’s at least two to three points over time that are available to us just through kind of prudent financial management. So I would kind of point at that and say, okay, without necessarily giving a precise timeline on how quickly we get there, but certainly I think the model as we’re operating it has the next two or three points available to us. And then after we’ve achieved that, we can talk about how we do better than that.
Steve Berglund: I think that our state – what we’ve said historically is that 25% is what people should expect from us. Now historically we’ve done better than that, but at the same time I think that we are making a – let’s say, we’re constantly triangulating in terms of how much investment we should be making for the longer term, how much of that gross – incremental gross margin we’re getting we should be reinvesting back into the business in either channel development or product development. And so I think that as a general guide this 25% is a reasonable number to hold us accountable to. At times it may be higher than that, but 25% still is continually raising the corporate average. When the corporate average gets to 25% we’ll need to reconsider what we’re saying. But I think – right now I think that 25% is probably the expectation people should have for us and we’ll see maybe (inaudible) if we have particularly – particular conditions in any quarter, is we may be able to over-deliver on that. But I would say for the year it’s – kind of a 25% number is probably appropriate at this point in time.Andrea James – Dougherty & Company: Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Steve Berglund: Yeah. So I think that we obviously have levered ourselves up here a bit in the last 18 months. A number of assets have become available and we chose to be a participant as opposed to a spectator to the M&A process. I would say in general – without necessarily making a promise of any sort here – but in general the expectation would be that, okay, we revert a bit more to our historical pattern, so making a reasonable number of acquisitions but generally of a smaller nature. So, general expectation – conditions may change – but general expectation at this point in time would be yeah, we continue to make a number of smaller acquisitions, but funding them out of operating cash flow and with the expectation that there will be cash flow available beyond that needed for acquisitions which will be used to pay down debt. I think that’s the general expectation that should be held. Again circumstances may change, but right at this point in time we’re not saying the acquisition – level of acquisition activity of the last 18 months or so to continue into 2013 or 2014.
Steve Berglund: Well, so probably the – just cataloging the relevant JVs here, there are probably four of them, two with Caterpillar and one with Nikon and one with Hilti. So I think the Caterpillar JVs are first of all the one that was created in 2002 CTCT, which is – whose purpose is to design and build on-board machine control. That, as you could probably guess is doing very well. It established new thresholds in 2012, is generating significant profitability and all in all is a significant...
Steve Berglund: Yeah. It’s a home run; I hope Caterpillar would say the same. The other joint venture of Caterpillar was formed – and timing was perfect – was formed in October 2008 and is 55% owned by Trimble and really is intended to write software that puts the machine in the context of the construction site and that has – that was intended to have a long runway. It is not, at this point in time, adding significantly to the bottom line, but at the same time is on a very significant upside ramp in terms of number of machines the software is operating on. So I think that strategically after some – after a couple early years of, let’s call it, refining what we were really after there, I think that is on a strong upwards trend at this point in time and is impacting the industry as it was intended to do. So I would say that’s still a strategic play, not yet necessarily, financially, all that additive to Trimble. The other two joint ventures for completeness is, we have a long standing joint venture with Nikon, the camera manufacturer, 50/50 Japanese centered to design what’s called lower-end survey instruments. We absorbed the Nikon survey instruments business at the time into the joint venture. That is actually doing quite well, is quite profitable even on a U.S. standard as opposed to a Japanese standard. And the fourth joint venture of note is the joint venture with Hilti, which is a tools manufacturer headquartered in Liechtenstein, probably could conceivably call the premier tools manufacturer for construction. Again that would fall in to the realm of strategic and really is intended to take advantage of this constructible model concept we’re talking about, and access that model and create a – generations of smart tools, tools that are intelligent, that access the model, access the plan and provide a level of intelligence on the construction site. And that’s – so it’s got a long runway. It’s got a long term development program. We’re still in the early phases of that, but that is really intended to be something of a revolutionary force on the building and construction side. So those are the four joint ventures that have some financial relevancy to our other income line, but that’s more or less the rundown.
Steve Berglund: To the extent that we need to be conservative, hopefully we’ve already baked it into the first quarter number. But we’re not overly – we’re not aware of any reason we should be particularly concerned at this point.
Steve Berglund: Yeah, so actually I mentioned the Caterpillar joint venture from 2008 and as part of that joint venture Trimble took on the responsibility for hosting the solution worldwide. So really the investment that – the bulk of the investment to kind of bulk up to worldwide aspirations took place in 2008, 2009, and anything from this point on is really incremental. So Trimble has created an internal launch team called Trimble Hosting Services in 2008 that – to basically take on the responsibility for this Caterpillar joint venture and as well as all the other activities within Trimble. So I would say is that there’s the dialogue of what’s inside versus the reliance on the cloud, that’s taking place and that will continue. But as far as any step function infrastructure cost necessary to support the activity, we’ve got the facilities in place; we have the staff in place; we’ve got the organization in place; and really have had for now on the order of, I guess approaching four years. So I think we’ve got that well in hand at this point.Ian Ing – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. That’s a good explanation. And then at Dimensions you highlighted emerging markets; you talked about opening a lot of new offices, a lot of runway there. It looks like in December that Asia-Pac plus other is down a bit sequentially on an absolute basis. Perhaps you could just dive into that a bit? And how does emerging markets play out this year and what are some of the catalysts? I noticed China railways in the headlines and things like that? Thanks.
Steve Berglund: No. No, I don’t think there are – I think fortunately I don’t think there are any particularly unique triggers. I think maybe the one that’s worth mentioning is we tend to have a strong link to China railways, less strong or less dominant than it would have been a couple of years ago. So I think that the railways in China have kind of returned back to a steady state; change in government, kind of the scandals and the issues are behind them. So I think we’re seeing a return to something that we would regard a steady state in China, but that’s probably the only specific factor that would stand out. Otherwise I would say we’re just playing into what’s kind of a mega trend here on infrastructure development in the emerging parts of the world.Ian Ing – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Raj.
Steve Berglund: The issue becomes one of revenue recognition and other kind of accounting considerations, creates some distortions that kind of quarter-by-quarter. So I think that what we’re going to try to point out more is kind of annual trends with some of these – with the volatility taken out of it. So it was double-digits in the fourth quarter, is about as good as we’re going to get at this point.
