Rob Painter: We entered the COVID crisis almost two years ago. And at that time, we set an objective to exit the crisis on a stronger competitive footing. I'm proud of our accomplishments in 2021 and the progress and commitment we are making towards our Connect & Scale 2025 strategy. We are a purpose-driven company serving secularly attractive markets, pursuing a differentiated strategy to connect the physical and digital worlds, with a unique set of underlying capabilities. We deliver a compelling value proposition to our customers in the form of better, faster, safer, cheaper, greener and we deliver a compelling business model to our shareholders. No doubt, we expect to operate in a turbulent environment for the foreseeable future while simultaneously undergoing our own transformation. The last couple of years serve as evidence, that this team has the courage and conviction to rise to the challenge. Operator let's please go to Q&A. 
Rob Painter: Chad, one other piece of color on that is compare 2022 in the mid guide to 2019 and we're talking over 45% operating leverage over that time. 
Rob Painter: Hi. Good morning, Colin. It's Rob. So hey, AgileAssets fits perfectly into our strategy. We think it's really in the center of the bull's-eye. It's a growing SaaS business and it connects well with the broader Trimble platform. So it is a growth story and we've got a high conviction that we can grow this business on its own and that it can be a catalyst for the growth of other Trimble solutions. When we put it in context of the digital twin in the prepared remarks, we talked about this intersection point of the as-maintained model with an as-designed and an as-built. So if you think about it from the life cycle point of view, which is really central to our strategy, this adds really that final step in the operations and maintenance phase. And so a digital twin in its truest form is much broader than a design model and often people will talk about it more in a design sense. We think the combination and intersection of the design with the as-built with the as-maintained is actually a true digital twin and the early indication we have from joint customers and from departments of transportation is quite encouraging to us. 
Rob Painter: We see autonomy as it emerges in transportation. I'd say at some level similar to agriculture or construction. And that is in an autonomous world which by the way is probably really more of a more automated world in an autonomous world, the truck still needs to have a work plan. It still needs to understand how to route and how to navigate. It still needs to understand how to optimize within the entire fleet. It still needs to understand how to give a dynamic estimated time of arrival to the customer. It needs the brains behind it. Arguably, the autonomous vehicle or dozer or tractor is a dumb node. It doesn't know what to do. It needs a work order. It needs a work plan. It needs that brain. And that intersected with what we do at Trimble in the office the systems of record, the scheduling, routing, dispatch we think provide high relevance in a more automated world. In addition there's autonomous capabilities that we can provide companies on highway. So for instance in our correction services business, we now have over 10 million miles that have been managed through our correction services which are really providing ADAS capabilities. 
Rob Painter: Yes. Actually the other thing -- color I can add to the numbers is you know the revenue in the segment was up over 18%. ARR was in the mid-teens growth. Agriculture hardware revenue was above 30%. That's -- put the margins in context of the extraordinary growth we have in this business we are making conscious choices to meet the demand the extraordinary demand that's out there in the market. And we saw, the backlog continue to grow in the business. So really feel good about the market demand out there. And there's a correlation between the extraordinary demand and the margins. So those factors, as we move forward that's part of why we think we can – that will come to equilibrium. In terms of the ongoing outlook in agriculture and our views on that, hey, the indicators look good at the moment in the agriculture business. So the macros are in support of the growth plans that we have. If we look at farm income, it's projected – 2021 was probably the high point for farm income. The expectations for farm income in 2022 are 20% to 30% above the 10-year average. So punch line is farm income is expected to remain strong. That's a US statistic that, I'm giving you. And that's able to outpace the increase in the inputs that – input prices, sorry – that farmers are paying. So the reason that farm income can stay up is, because commodity prices are up they remain up and inventory levels remain low. Now, look at the input prices being higher and connect that to a point of view, we have on the adoption of technology on a go-forward basis. That's exactly what the technology can do is it can minimize and optimize the use of those inputs. Less seed higher yield; less use of herbicide to spot spray, which also by the way brings a sustainability benefit to the farm. So those factors in aggregate continue to have us bullish on the adoption of Precision Ag technologies going forward, and I'd say also on a global basis.
Rob Painter: And Gal, this is Rob. You're absolutely right by the math. If we were only targeting an op leverage number, you wouldn't do the transitions, that's the wrong decision to take for the customers and for the market. So you're absolutely hitting on an important point that we will all day long look to convert the business models for the long-term health of the business. And I think it's more important or certainly equally important that the Street is looking at the growth in the ARR, the look on our cash flow, the net working capital as factors to complement what an EBITDA percentage or an operating income percentage will tell you because it's an incomplete story.
Rob Painter: Hey, Jerry, this is Rob. I think that is arguably the story in this earnings release is the level of ARR growth that we exited the year with meets the ARR projection that David went through in the prepared remarks. You can look at the backlog that we have, the reported backlog that's in the financials, as evidence that we have a growing amount of revenue to serve. So, in other words, we've got a high level of visibility. We had strong bookings in the fourth quarter in aggregate. So, yes, the e-Builder and Viewpoint businesses, those continue to grow ARR in the mid-teens. And I'll say, bookings were -- grew faster than that. So the bookings are the forward indicator to the revenue that will eventually be recognized. Now the other catalyst on top of that, Jerry, is that structures business that we talked about were -- that's the Tekla Structures business that made the model conversion in 2021 that will be part of that growth in 2022. Yes, we do anticipate some increase in transportation, but this projection that David made is not entirely dependent on it. In fact we have rather modest expectations on transportation. So to the extent that that is a lot better that could be a little potential upside for us. So, we are squarely focused on growing the recurring revenue, the digital transformation investments we're making, David talked about that, almost 100 bps of investment we make into that. That's the correlation to make to the ARR growth. It is an enabler of that ARR growth and we're absolutely committed to these transformation investments in order to drive these attractive revenue streams.
Rob Painter: I'd be careful about extrapolating from SketchUp to all the other businesses. Certainly, the SketchUp story is an amazing one. It really is sort of great flagship example of how changing the business model expands the addressable market on SketchUp. It has a quasi-consumer appeal, which Tekla would not. It's a very sophisticated product. So we're early days in the model conversion on Tekla. I don't think you'll see the expansion in the addressable market in that offering that we've had in SketchUp.
Rob Painter: In context of Connect & Scale, I think about two dynamics. One -- actually, I think three dynamics. One is our own organic progression and we -- the second is acquisition and the third is partnership. From our own organic progression, we believe we have an immense opportunity just to mine the data and the customer opportunities within -- I'll say, within the house. In other words, the cross-sell and the up-sell within the Trimble portfolio as evidence of that is our Trimble Construction One launch where we're creating persona-based bundles to go after the construction industry to better serve those customers. So, that's our primary use I'll say of capital allocation. Second, from an acquisition standpoint, we're definitely open to acquisition, not for the sake of acquisition if it helps accelerate the strategy. And so the two vectors we tend to look at on acquisitions are: one, product capabilities; and two, geographic reach. Sometimes, those are the same and sometimes, they're mutually exclusive. The majority of acquisitions we've done over time have looked more like a tuck-in than transformative and large ones. We've tended to do the larger ones every few years. And I wouldn't say that's by design. It's been more by availability. So we are certainly open to that. There's a bit of a bifurcation in the market where there's the really, I'll say, almost mega caps, at least mega cap defined in a Trimble context, and then the long tail of small companies. There's not too many in the middle. So, there's a bit of a scarcity of assets. So, we're absolutely open to it. We obviously have the balance sheet and we think we've got the right strategy. So if the fit is there we will pursue. On the partnership angle, I mentioned that because in a platform strategy, which is what connected scale is, we believe that partnerships are more important than ever to build out that ecosystem. We have a long track record of partnerships. We've got a joint venture with Caterpillar in civil construction; we've got a joint venture with Hilti in building construction; we've got a joint venture with Nikon in our survey and mapping business. We announced that relationship with Microsoft, a few months ago. We think that that is an important partnership to help us extend the reach and the capabilities of what we do. And as we open up, our technology to third parties and those ecosystems to help us extend that I think that's another point of evidence, of where our partnerships will come into play. And then I'd like to believe, that those partnerships which could also come through a Trimble Ventures arm could become acquisition candidates down the road.
Rob Painter: Yes, I think that's a fair way to think about it. I -- the words I tend to use internally are strategy structure systems. I believe an organizational structure follows the strategy and I believe the underlying systems are meant to be enablers of that structure and ultimately the strategy. So in the strategy of Connect & Scale, we see an enormous opportunity around the infrastructure bill since I think that's what you were asking about, when you said infrastructure. You may have meant our internal infrastructure. But if we're talking the IAJA, we see a large opportunity there that connects to the acquisition of AgileAssets to bring more aspects of Trimble together to positively impact the opportunity inside of construction. So within that strategy, then we organized ourselves. Well, sorry, actually also on the strategy side, yes that captures product and go-to-market. So I totally agree with you there. You've got to have -- and the product looks like the Suite, the collections of our technology and the go-to-market for us has as you look in the totality of Trimble has a hybrid aspect of direct and indirect that comes together. Okay. Then on the organizational structure side, we organize ourselves around the industries that we serve. So we have an industry leader for civil construction, for building construction, for agriculture, for survey and mapping for transportation. So we have that single point of accountability, to those end markets that we're serving. And then the underlying systems that captures some of the digital transformation systems work that we are doing, to give us that ability to better serve customers and to help us scale efficiently and effectively. 
Rob Painter: Thank you everyone for joining us on the call. And we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
David Barnes: Hi, Chad. This is David Barnes. I think the low end is 8% revenue growth. And I think your math is right there's some pricing in there. I'll note that the revenue growth will be impacted by about 100 basis points of transition, from perpetual to recurring some of our software businesses. We do expect hardware growth to moderate versus what we've seen this year. We'll be working through the backlog, but those are some of the big building blocks. 
David Barnes: Sure. The big -- if there's a change and there is a bit of a change it's that we're going to see more inflation than we had anticipated in the first half of 2022. Our outlook was a little more optimistic on that front. It's now clear that the supply chain being choked up, is going to last at least at some level through the end of next year. And we don't think the inflation scenario, in terms of our product costs will get meaningfully better. The guidance presumes sort of plateauing at Q4 levels. We do expect to see some price realization. I talked in the prepared remarks about margins in Ag. The sort of bad news of a lot of backlog is when you implement another price increase, you don't see it in revenue, right away. So those are the principal factors that would have operating leverage lower than we had indicated earlier. But I will point out that the deliberate decisions we're making in terms of model transition from perpetual to recurring, and then the investments against our strategic initiatives, each of those takes 100 basis points or so out of margins that we would have next year, if we weren't doing those things and that would generate very healthy operating leverage. 
David Barnes: Yeah. Hey, Rob. I'll say that the supply chain challenges you hear a lot of talk about semiconductors, but the issues are broader than that. With regard to electronics, I would say things are already improving. Part of that is that we several months ago took a number of steps including raising our outlook and making commitments with vendors placing orders that actually impacted our cash flow. We've worked component by component. We've seen meaningful progress. We're actually seeing visibility to capacity on some of our individual constrained parts with specific vendors. So that's getting better. And the fruits of our effort to redesign our products around very scarce components all of those show signs of improvements. Actually, where things are stickiest now is the non-electronics. It's cables, it's brackets, it's other kinds of parts. And that is sort of the downstream impact of labor disruptions in many markets all around the world. So that probably has a longer fuse to it. But you put all that together, that adds up to the outlook we described in the prepared remarks, which is yeah, we'll see inflation in constrained overall supply through the first half of the year and we'll see meaningful improvement albeit not all the way back to normal by year-end.
David Barnes: Sure. There are many components. Looking at inflation, I think you can group it in a few buckets. There's the underlying just price increases from the suppliers and from our freight providers. And then there's expedited freight, where you use air freight instead of seaborne freight for instance. And then there's buying components in the broker market. And when you buy components in the broker market, the price can be not a few percent higher, but multiples higher than the normal purchase price. So the outlook for improved margins in the back half of the year is that we have a lot less of the use of the broker market. We have less expedited freight. We do think though that there will be underlying inflation that will be with us. But you'll see the full impact of the price increases including the ones we haven't taken yet or where we've taken them, they haven't flown through the backlog. And then over time, the mix of our business will improve. I'll point out that our revenues were up about 12% in the quarter and our hardware revenues in Q4 were up 20%. So that's not helpful to margin. And all those -- that will abate as well. So we add all that up, we think that's how we get to meaningfully better margins in the second half than the first half.
David Barnes: Sure, Gal. It's David. I'll look both a little bit backward and forward. So for the full year, the measurement we do indicates that the transition impact in 2021 was about 100 basis points negative impact to revenue. That's actually less than we thought going into the year. And the reason, it's less is that we had higher last-time buys of perpetual offerings in our structural design business. So right now, the impact the vast majority of the impact the 100 basis points whether it's for full year 2021, or full year 2022 are in our building software businesses. There's a decent chunk in the transportation business as well. Actually, we're going to see a piece of it in the civil software – civil construction software business, as we roll out our platform-as-a-service model. So you asked about the longer outlook. I'll tell you that the – if you look at our perpetual software revenue just under $500 million for 2021, we're already at a point where 70% or 75% of that perpetual software is sold bundled with hardware. So the straight software offerings are only 25% of it, by which I mean to say, we will at the end of 2022 be through the significant majority of the model transitions on the straight software businesses. But we are looking to transform to recurring revenue models the platform-as-a-service where – that's where we're moving, and we'll have some meaningful revenue in civil construction this year. We also have bundled perpetual software with hardware in the surveying business and in Ag, and that will be further out. So it's a little early to call on, how long that transition will take. Actually that's a topic we plan to cover off at our investor conference in September. But that's less straightforward to transition than a traditional software business. You've got -- you're bundled with hardware, you've got multiple regions and dealers. And so it's a harder problem to solve. It's likely to take several years.
David Barnes: Yes. So I think I'm following you Gal. The margins are really high on both perpetual software and recurring. The difference is that when you sell subscription, you recognize the revenue and margin over many years rather than upfront. So I think our math is good that the conversions we're doing reduce revenue versus if you'd stayed in the perpetual model by the numbers we're saying and it essentially all goes through to the bottom line.
David Barnes: Yes. Rob got it right, Jerry. We're at or close to mid-teens in the ARR growth of our businesses other than transportation. We're much lower than that in transportation. And we do project a recovery. We don't think we'll get all the way to numbers we think are good long-term by the end of the year, but the outlook presumes that we maintain and put some momentum across the businesses that are growing well now outside transportation and the transportation begins meaningful growth. So you put all that together, we get to mid-teens. And if we do even more than that then we'll be on the high end of our outlook. But that's how we get there.
David Barnes: No, I think you nailed it, Rob. So even when you sell a bundle of hardware and software and solutions together, just the way the accounting works, is you figure out how much of the value is hardware and you do recognize that upfront. I think what's -- but the mega trend going on here that's in the context of the model transition, as Rob said is more and more of the value is with the software and solutions and relatively less of the hardware. So the impact on the P&L of the transition whereas today, historically the way we do it we recognize all the hardware and all the software and solutions upfront. As we go ratable on the software and the services, that will have a similar impact that it does on all of our other software businesses. So it will -- what you'll see in the accounting is the hardware still stays upfront, although hardware makes up less and less of the value of the old solution. And then when you go ratable on the solution, then the software part gets spread out overtime.
David Barnes: Yeah. So I'll ground it in the -- my comments and the notion that the supply chain won't get back to equilibrium even by the end of 2022. So just round numbers hardware backlog in a normal world is $100 million. We're at nearly four times that somewhere around $375 million. We're likely to get halfway back or more than halfway back, but still be well above the 100 level.
David Barnes: As a general trend, it's unlikely that we'll see hardware revenue outstrip total revenue like we did in the fourth quarter. The other book end, I'll put it that obviously our transportation revenue trends have been more modest than the other segments, and we do expect in the second half of the year an uplift in transportation. But the rest of the businesses are actually quite similar in the sense that demand is very strong backlog is big. Just by the numbers Geospatial of these segments is most hardware related. So we've just had extraordinary growth. And it's -- we're outgrowing by everything we can measure the market in those solutions. So you're likely to see that segment slow more than the others, but we have a really big backlog in construction and agriculture. And yes, so I think you'll see lowest growth in transportation particularly in the first half. Geospatial, just because its hardware dependent will be lower and the other segments will be -- we expect to be very strong.
David Barnes: I think the math is probably pretty easy, if we end up near where we were in Q4 for the first two quarters. And then we'll end the year at or maybe modestly above full year 2021. That will -- I think that gets you there. It will be -- the modeling of that won't get you to 60%, but it will get you closer than the 58% where we are now. So ...
