Steven W. Berglund: Well, all right. So this is -- I mean, Trimble has a singular problem at this point in time or a problem of magnitude in agriculture. So I think that taking your question as being a specific question about agriculture, I think it's the relatively extreme nature of the market is, okay, our premise that we've been speaking to kind of for the last 12 months is that we have intended to be cycle-resistant in agriculture. Basically, we're selling productivity, we're not selling capacity, so the farmer may defer the tractor, the farmer may defer the new combine, would certainly defer the new pickup truck. But if we could get to the -- access to the farmer and make the pitch about saving fertilizer or other input cost that we could make the sale kind of in the face of cyclical conditions. So I think what has happened recently, and it took us some time to really understand the full severity of the problem is the farm economy is in deep recession or great recession or whatever, and the farmers have simply gone to the benches and are waiting this one out and really have cut back on their spending. Now we've seen this historically over times where there has been a relatively complete shutdown of buying. Probably the one before this bout was in the latter part of 2008 and into 2009, the Lehman meltdown, which per se did not affect farmers directly, but the headline factor put them on the bench. So I think we're seeing this at this point. Now the third and fourth quarter effects, that the third quarter was worse than we expected. The fourth quarter's also not so good. I think this is simply a second or a third order effect is the Trimble channel, the channel that we ourselves control, that gives us the clearest insight into the market, was down 6% or 7% in the third quarter, roughly consistent with what's transpired year-to-date. It's the channel that we share with the equipment manufacturers and the factory fit market, the OEM market, if you will, in the fourth quarter that are down sharply. So some of that or maybe most of it, in fact, is inventory reduction in kind of the equipment manufacturers' ecosystem. And I think part of it is simply, they've hit the brakes hard, very hard, and I suspect they've overreacted. So I don't think the third or fourth quarter are indicative of what's going on in agriculture. I don't think it's a template for 2015 for sure. I think we return to a normal pattern in 2015. And I think what we're doing at this point in time is painting a conservative -- what we would regard as a conservative picture consistent with the overall industry picture, assuming the farmers do not come off the sidelines and become kind of economic animals, once again making rational decisions. So I would still maintain that over time, Trimble is a cyclical resistant not exposed to the cycle, but not necessarily reacting in the same way as other players are, but I think the circumstances currently in agriculture are severe enough that it's taken a bite out of us. So different circumstances more than any kind of existential theorem here.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So I think that we've been comparatively more transparent in our thinking than we have been historically, so I think we're going with the flow at this point in time. I think -- I don't know if there's a precise industry consensus in terms of how much ag might be down in 2015, but we've talked it through, and okay, it seems like we're simply going with the flow and saying okay, the industry seems to believe that it will be down, call it, 15% I think as early as this morning, although I did not study the CNH release, but it sounds like they're talking 10% to 15% next year. So we're saying okay, that becomes our baseline calculation. Now the things we can do off that baseline calculation, assuming the farmers do not come back off the sidelines and start to kind of prioritize their investments, which I think would put Trimble at the -- near the top of the list of investments they would make, but assuming that doesn't happen, the discrete things we can do, first of all, on the irrigation product line. We talked about that earlier in the year, in particular 2014. We simply couldn't get the distribution channel in place by the time the season closed in kind of the fall of this year. We're now ready for the early spring season on irrigation. That is a new product category. It represents a step function. If we execute against it, and its early signs are quite positive there, it adds a whole new revenue category that we haven't had before. So we've got a strong value proposition here. We're putting the distribution in place. That could be a step function increase in revenue, and it's just a question as to how big it would be. Now the other thing is that in a relative sense, 2014 was a comparatively light year in terms of, if you will, new products with new features being put out there. 2015 should end up being a more substantial year in terms of product -- our new product introductions. Now there's an argument in terms of -- in this market environment, how big of a lift will that give us, but pretty much historically, going back 10 to 15 years, you can map the data, map the revenue and new product releases, you can see kind of the month that they were released because it does lift revenues. So we're expecting some effect from that in 2015. The third effect, which is we're getting a reasonable traction on this recurring agricultural services element, it's a very small number at this point in time, but it could add some incremental lift with next year. Now the question, and so we expect starting with the 15% reduction in agriculture next year, which is we're simply taking the industry view and saying okay, that will become our baseline. So we can adjust off that 15%, and we're saying that, okay, that 2015 could look like the early part of 2014, which was a single digit drop in agriculture and offset by the rest of the company growing at a significantly -- or growing at a relatively significant rate and okay -- increased -- creating aggregate growth for the company. But -- so in addition to those 3 things I named for agriculture, the list is much longer with smaller elements. So I think that our -- the people in our agriculture business are -- let's just say they have a stronger belief in the market and what we can do in the market than I just gave you, but I think that what we're attempting to provide you is a comparatively sober judgment that doesn't challenge kind of the facts that are already in existence within agriculture.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so I think E&C -- okay, breaking it down into kind of the 3 most significant elements, kind of the traditional business, the geospatial, the survey instruments and such is -- okay, we saw growth there. We're actually seeing kind of improving health there and actually some segments of that grew relatively stronger -- strongly double digits. Heavy civil is growing. It's growing kind of in a double-digit context, but we're still facing pretty strong headwinds that have been around for a while in Australia. Australia's economy does not seem to be improving. Australia is actually -- for its population size, a disproportionately significant market for us because they're very active users of technology, so that hasn't improved. And what we are seeing is places like Germany looking less healthy from an economic standpoint, so we are facing some economic headwinds in heavy civil. But -- and then within the U.S., it's a major question still remains about the highway bill, which, against the current condition, would be, if anything happens, that extends the time frame workout on the highway bill -- okay, that would be incremental good news to us from the current baseline. The third category, which is the healthiest category at this point in time, is the build -- kind of the building construction, the vertical construction market, which is in the U.S. quite robust. We're seeing good results in the U.S. We're adding capability. We're penetrating the market, and so that's the healthiest part of the segment at this point in time. Now overall to the -- under kind of normal circumstances would we have expected a bit more growth out of E&C in the quarter? Yes, but what we -- what seems to have gotten tougher in the last 3 months is the world economic environment with a particular focus on Europe and within Europe, a particular focus on Germany. So I think E&C is going to be influenced by the macroeconomics out there, and so we're watching that quite carefully now. The other point that I made in the script that I think is meaningful, aside from discussions on what we're doing relative to product and solutions strategically, is the fact that I think in the core markets against the core traditional competitors, we think we are taking share. So if you go into the industry data and kind of dissect it, allowing for exchange effects and other elements that don't pertain, we believe we're taking share at this point in time. So in the market -- in the sense of the market at this point in time, we're doing relatively well, but I think we're a little dependent upon the macroeconomic environment.
Steven W. Berglund: But I think getting to the main point here, the structural, the financial structure of E&C in terms of a structural operating margin really -- that picture hasn't changed, so I think that this is a quarterly or at least a short-term effect on operating margins we would expect to kind of continue on the secular trend of improving operating margins there because the software content continues to increase in that segment.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. Well, again probably we'll avoid talking about the fourth quarter by segment just to avoid kind of setting new precedence here in kind of giving guidance at that level. But I think looking into 2015, kind of the 2 competing factors here. One, I think that, again, strategically in terms of new products, new capabilities, ability to access parts of the market that we have not had kind of direct access to, I'm thinking large projects, key accounts and potentially going after them with relatively new business models, all that is on the upside and we're certainly pretty sure of the U.S. at this point in time. It's the counteracting thing which leads to some caution when we're talking about 2015 in E&C is just the state of the world economy. Again, by now, we would have expected Australia to begin to show some signs of recovery. It really doesn't seem to have done that. We're looking at Germany with some concern and, okay, that brings with it the rest of Europe. Russia is probably, not to be overly dramatic here, kind of turns out to be a write-off for next year. So it's those international issues that I think are the -- a little bit of a -- enough of a concern that I'm not being outlandishly bullish about E&C, but from a business dynamic standpoint, I think we're very, very aggressive, very ambitious and very positive about the prospects for E&C both, yes, for 2015, but then maybe more so beyond 2015. There are a number of things that are happening strategically here that should benefit us in the long term.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So I think kind of actively avoiding being overly specific and overly quantified here, just we've learned a fair amount of humility during the course of 2014 on kind of the ag market. We've had a couple of surprises. But I would say is we -- what we're certain about is that the fact that it will have a beneficial impact. How much of a beneficial impact under the current circumstances? I think we're being fairly careful of, but it should be in terms of environment, in terms of a channel having something new to sell, which is always motivating for a channel. All of that makes us at least relatively more confident about 2015 than we were in 2014. So I'm actively dodging your question in terms of specifics, but I think that directionally, it should be quite positive.
Steven W. Berglund: So as near as we can detect, and right now, I would describe the market as quite confused. And I think you're seeing some of that confusion come to us through the equipment manufacturers, channels and the factories in the third and fourth quarter. So I think it's a comparatively confused environment at this point in time where people are trying to find bottom and trying to get themselves properly aligned for a change. [indiscernible] I won't claim perfect insight, but I would say is in -- you mentioned new entrants. I think the new entrant issue is still some time away in terms of actually impacting our market in terms of what we're selling today. So I think that in terms of what's affecting us, I would not actually attribute much of our current set of issues to competitive issues per se. I don't think we're losing in the marketplace. I don't think we're losing share points in the marketplace. I think competitors, the -- I think maybe the most aggressive competitor at this point in time is probably Deere in terms of kind of active promotion within their own channel. At the same time, I could come up with countervailing anecdotes about Trimble equipment on Deere tractors, but I would say substantially the competitive environment has not changed in the last year or 2. Now there are fundamental structural changes taking place in the market though, not per se competitive, but we're actively attempting to realign our channel to be more capable of selling future information and data services so there is a structural realignment in the market that's causing at the minimum commentary and could be contributing some -- as we've talked about in prior quarters, contributing to some of our current set of issues in agriculture. But as of today, in terms of current environment, third and fourth quarter sort of environment, I would not be laying off our set of difficulties on kind of a change in competition. It's largely other issues.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So our assumption has always been, well, I mean actually, extending your question beyond probably what you intended here, but talking about construction and OEM for a second, when we entered into the first joint venture with Caterpillar back in 2002, our assumption in construction was that the market by now, in fact, the market a long time ago would've gone 100% OEM. It was going to be 100% factory installed. It hasn't gone that way. It's still dominated by aftermarket and may actually be permanently an aftermarket sort of market simply because the contractors have a mixed fleet problem and they don't necessarily want the factory install. That issue is smaller in agriculture, but it's still an issue. But I think that our strategic presumption in agriculture today would be that, okay, inevitably the strap-on elements of guidance are going to be factory install, and okay, that's always a part of our view of the marketplace. Now we have a growing OEM presence. So we are -- some of it visible, some of it not visible, but we are talking to a wide number or a large number of the equipment manufacturers with the idea of giving them the OEM content. But our basic view of the market, as it is in construction, is that the fundamental market is going to change. And that the substantial economics, the larger market potential is actually in terms of software and information, not on kind of the guidance-oriented hardware. So it would be our ambition over the next few years is to see the business, and again, both construction and agriculture, become more and more of a, forgive the expression, Big Data sort of solution. So our strategy basically calls for yes, that we'll continue to provide guidance solutions, which are becoming more and more robust and involve more than guidance. And if it goes factory fit, yes, that's fine, that's what we're assuming. But that the -- that what we're after is looking at the number of acres under cultivation world is extracting a revenue per acre in some fashion through providing services, through providing software and the like. And again, that's the element of the business. That's very -- it's still tiny but is actually growing at kind of very significant rates, and I think should become during 2015 be more and more of the story. So yes, so I think that we will continue to be active in guidance. It will still be a primary part of the business, but should be a diminishing part of the business as these other elements start to come into play, like irrigation, which is still kind of a hardware-centric business that has nothing to do with the equipment manufacturers, which is very much an aftermarket sale even though -- or in collaboration with the irrigation system manufacturers, but then again, I'd say that in 3 to 5 years, I would expect kind of the information elements to be a much larger part of the business than they are today.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So I think that -- to provide you all with a construct is, I think, again, we're assuming the basic, what seems to be kind of the consensus out there, down 15%. Whether we actually see that or not is a subject to some debate, but we're conceding the 15% and we're basically talking about how we do better than the 15%. So we're trying to provide some transparency to help you figure it out.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, more or less. It's not exactly a science, but yes, so I think the bottom end of the range is pretty secure.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So a year ago, well, just talking about a year ago, kind of same time framework, we were in a little bit of a bubble as it turns out in the second half of the year. We saw double-digit growth in ag in the fourth quarter and something not too far from that in the third quarter. So we were actually thinking that, okay, we did have the formula dialed in terms of how to be countercyclical. But yes, in terms of kind of laying out the reasons we should be better than market, if you will, you would've heard irrigation, I think a year ago, or at least in kind of January, down when we simply couldn't get enough distribution in place fast enough to kind of meet the season so we did some learning there, but we did talk about new products. And there was, I'd call, less of a market issue than a, frankly, a bit of an execution issue on the new products is we were focusing our development efforts in one arena called the OEM arena when in reality we should've been devoting them to the kind of the aftermarket kind of more information-based universe. We have shifted that focus. So we didn't have our focus right in 2014, and so we were slow and a bit underfeatured in terms of new product sets. We believe we got that one -- we're pretty sure that we got that dialed in now and so that I think our 2015 response is simply going to be better than our 2014 response on new products. We'll see what the -- ultimately quantifiably how the market reacts to them, but I think we're much more secure this year than we were last year and we've got much more of a focus on kind of the aftermarket this year.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. If I were sitting where you would -- you're sitting, I would be basically, in the longer-term anyway, looking at Advanced Devices being comparatively flat. To some extent, some traditional OEM business, the embedded kind of board or chip level sort of business, it's a timing business that are tied into kind of large infrastructure place that they just don't have kind of the growth dynamics. There's a relatively small military business in Advanced Devices. So there isn't inherently, a whole lot of -- they're not typically end-user markets and therefore we have fewer knobs to turn to kind of dial up growth. There are some interesting elements in that segment for the longer term. The RFID business is in there. The inertial business is in there. I think at some point, we could start to talk more about the segment. So for example, the RFID business is actually -- their primary customer set is inside Trimble, so tracking items on construction sites, determining what's in my van for field service and those sorts of things. But I think the segment has maybe longer term, maybe some longer-term dynamics, but I'd say in the kind of the 1- to 3-year time framework, I would call them relatively flattish from a growth perspective.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so -- I mean, I think first of all, we're talking about the full year, so we don't want to be particularly descriptive of how that year folds up, but I think, Eli, kind of the reason for going on at length in the script was the fact that I think that what we're seeing -- what we saw in the third quarter, what we're seeing in the fourth quarter, I think are those effects flowing straight through to us. So I think that our inventory effect will have taken place in the third and fourth quarter, but I think we're basically supplying within kind of very short time framework, so that weeks out, we saw kind of a step-function drop in the demand being placed on us. So I think that overall, my assumption is that we're going to see the, if you will, the inventory or effect or the kind of the radical reduction in the third and fourth quarter, that what we will be seeing by the time we get into next year will be actual end-user market demand and that we will have already experienced the inventory effects. So let's see how that plays out. But we are such a short-fused, quick-reaction part of the chain is that any inventory effects should flush through very quickly for us.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so again, I don't want to be overly specific here, but okay, here's the way I would -- I'm formulating it, which is -- okay, we've got, fundamentally, a double-digit growth part of that segment, transportation and logistics. So that's double-digit growth. Now the drag on that segment has been this field services piece, a business that we're really committed to as being fundamental to the Trimble strategy. But what's occurred over the last couple of years, we've swapped -- we're swapping out a majority of the revenue for a new majority as we kind of flesh out the horizontal small business -- small to medium business element of it, so we -- it's been kind of an awkward transition. For 2015, we expect, although field services probably won't be a rocket ship in 2015, we do expect that it will no longer be a drag at least for the full year of 2015. And so the drag on that segment will be diminished and what we'll start to see is kind of the more fundamental double-digit growth of transportation and logistics showing through. And then, okay, maybe later in 2015, we start to see the more and more positive contributions from field services. So I would at this point, for the full year 2015, without necessarily talking about when exactly it will occur, I would expect, let's call it, both a growth and a operating margin acceleration in 2015 in Mobile Solutions. That's what we're attempting to engineer at this point.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, they're not happy, I'll tell you that. But I think we've been through bouts before, so we understand hard times, we understand adversity. The organization has been through bad times before. So I think the sales force are more properly since it's largely a third-party channel. The third party channel is adapting well and is doing what third party channels are supposed to do, they're adapting. And so I think that -- okay, it's an adverse situation, and okay, people are adapting to it. I think the element that I talked to just a little while ago that is new, which may be creating some stress in the channel, is the fact that we are attempting to redirect ourselves more and more to kind of the information around the data realm, which is involving a conversation with the dealer channel in terms of capabilities and investments and things like that. So I think that probably the channel is reacting as you would expect the channel to react during hard times, that they're working harder and they're scratching harder and they're -- but I think that this other element probably is adding a little stress to the channel as well. But overall, I think that kind of overall that they're adapting, they're reacting to it.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think that invokes a hypothesis that isn't actually in evidence yet, which is the Chinese. Thinking across the company, the Chinese are not a factor in any of our businesses, at least yet, in terms of low-end survey instruments where we don't have a -- which is not a market focus for us. On a statistical basis, the Chinese manufacturers provide a whole lot of low-end survey instruments, but it's not a market segment that we're focused on. So we're not competing with the Chinese, and right now, the Chinese are largely concentrated in China with some access to Latin America. So I would say that we don't have, let's call it, at this point in time, commodity products that are coming under that sort of challenge. So really not much to say about the subject.
Francois Delepine: Yes, I mean relative to E&C, it was significant because all the 3 acquisitions that we had in the quarter were in E&C, and there's a lot of kind of write-down that take place on the kind of preacquisition deferred revenue and so you end up having 100% of the expenses, but a very small revenue number. So that was the main thing. They also had, on a year-over-year basis, they had some trade shows in Q3 that didn't have the prior, but the main thing, you're right, is on the acquisition front.
Francois Delepine: Yes, I mean, just another factor in your thinking, when you look at subscription in particular, it's on a year-on-year basis. The last year, we were, including VirtualSite Solution, or VSS, revenue, which is primarily subscription. That was about $7 million in Q3 of '13, which we didn't have. So if we factor that in, we have double-digit growth in the mid-teens actually in Q3. So subscription's going to continue to take a bigger and bigger share, but it's an evolution not a revolution. It's going to be a gradual progression.
Francois Delepine: I think it would be a good assumption to assume that we're on the low end of the range, we're taking very little risks. So I think if you tell me 4%, I'd probably agree with it.
Francois Delepine: Yes. So again, the total was $50 million, right, 5-0. I don't know if that's what you mentioned, or I wasn't sure if you said 15. So I would say, about 1/2 of that is ag roughly. And then in Q4 last year, there are 2 other elements, one is a kind of discrete revenue recognition item, which we mentioned in Q1, when we reported our Q4 results. And the other one is the VSS, which used to be consolidated in our results in 2013, but became deconsolidated, if you will, in '14. And so that's the other half of the $50 million, and about 75% of that, if you will, is the discrete item and 25% is the VSS impact roughly. Again, I'm just kind of trying to give you a rough indication of the mix there.
Francois Delepine: Well, what I was trying to do there is kind of explain the guidance and kind of compare it to the Q4 revenue that we had last year and we wanted to kind of explain the revenue guidance that way.
Francois Delepine: Yes. So on the tax rate, I don't have kind of a strong view on next year at this point, and I think we're going to end this year in the neighborhood of 22%, it looks like. If I were in your shoes, I'd probably assume the next -- kind of a similar rate for next year, but I don't have the specific analysis to kind of tell you that, that's going to be the case, but that would seem like kind of a logical conclusion at this point. With regards to currency, so if we look at the kind of September euro rate in particular, some of -- so that would be kind of what is built into our kind of Q4 guidance and our -- and implied thinking for 2015 at this point. So obviously, if currency deteriorates in the sense that the dollar strengthens due to foreign currencies, then that would certainly potentially have an impact on the top line, although, on the bottom line, it's fairly well neutralized given how distributed our spending is and we have natural hedging taking place.
Francois Delepine: Yes, I would say right now, they're kind of the rate that assumed is in kind of high 1.20s, 1.27, 1.28, 1.29, depending on -- because I think some of the businesses, but that's what they -- that's roughly where we are. And so the impact would probably be more in the first half than the second half because we're starting to see some of the rate impact here in Q3, particularly in Q4.
