Robert Painter: Belong, grow, innovate. These are the 3 core Trimble values. Against a challenging landscape in the context of ongoing change, I am proud of what my colleagues have accomplished, individually and collectively. I'm gratified to see that we have been named a top company culture and a top workplace for innovators. We are driven by a sense of purpose at Trimble, and we are proving that we can deliver financial results while showing up with compassion for our colleagues and our communities.  The level of curiosity and openness to growth I see displayed at Trimble gives me confidence that we can continue to execute our strategy.  Operator, let's open the line to questions.
Robert Painter: So the recurring software bookings were pretty spread across the business. So it wasn't concentrated in any particular segment. And I'd say that both at the ARR growth level in the first quarter as well as at the bookings line. From an internal versus external perspective, in the construction side of the business, so that will show up in Buildings and Infrastructure. There, I would attribute some more of the bookings growth to internal execution because that's where we have the initial launches with our new digital tools and the Trimble Construction One offering that we have the slide on. So that is where we could actually see a lift in the bookings, and I would call that internal execution of an offering that's there to meet the market demand for it.  So I'd say most of it is, I would say, external facing and then there's certainly an aspect of internal. And that gives me confidence because we're in early days of our digital systems enabling us to launch these bundled solutions. So I'm bullish on this portfolio.
Robert Painter: Jonathan, it's Rob. So the slide showed Trimble Construction One contractor offering. It's a persona-based offering. What will come next is an architecture and design persona offering and owner persona offering. Within that contractor offering, the early signs we're seeing and we saw it in Q1 play through for us as is we saw really double-digit growth in cross -- what we call cross-sell bookings where we could see the velocity of bookings increased from that offering. We saw our win rates go up significantly. We saw the deal sizes be higher. We saw the sales cycles be lower. And all of that drove bookings up. So Jonathan, for us it's a really good sign that we're on a good path here.
Robert Painter: We haven't seen any discernible signs of cancellation in the backlog, Jonathan. So -- and hey, looking from the competitive market standpoint, it's not like there's many places to go. I mean everyone has a supply chain challenge to work through. But I think the real story is it's the efficacy of the value proposition you get from Trimble technology is what's making the backlogs sticky.
Robert Painter: It's Rob. So first, I'd shout out to all of our colleagues in Geospatial. They just continued a terrific run in the business. I'll give you a few comments. First, on the innovation side, and this is where the team deserves a lot of credit. So the number of new product introductions has really helped our global distribution channel be able to message out into the market. So whether it's a tilt compensation on our GNSS products. Laser scanner has been doing quite well for us. Mobile mapping business has been doing well, so has monitoring business unit.  At an end market level where we've seen strengths are in Departments of Transportation. So I think infrastructure, think defense actually is also doing reasonably well. The net of all of that is we believe we're gaining market share in the business. And then I'd complement that by also talking about the go-to-market side, and the team has done a really nice job of working with our global dealer channel to drive the business forward.
Robert Painter: Well, from a percent of the business, okay, the divestitures alone, you can think of that as 350 plus or minus basis points increase in the mix. In other words, more software mix. The thing that's always difficult with the percentages, Kristen, is if the hardware business continues to do well, and I think it will on the heels of coming infrastructure spend, we would expect that to benefit our hardware businesses, especially in the engineering and construction side of Trimble. So that, by the math, I think that, that would throttle that increased expansion in the percent of software. And ultimately, obviously, we take the dollars to the bank, not the percentages.  If I were to say all things equal, what we've seen over a long baseline now is our recurring revenue is growing faster than our perpetual. It's been growing faster than our hardware. So take that baseline and if we're already in the now post divestiture in the high 50% of that mix, that's naturally moving towards a 60 -- 6 in front of it, so 60-plus percent. When you look at the growth in ARR, David mentioned raising our view on ARR during the year. And so -- and then that's before any, let's say, impact of future acquisitions and how that may further the mix. So 6, in front of it is where it's trending. And as we move towards Investor Day, I think we can sharpen the pencil on that.  Your other question around operating leverage. I mean, certainly, it's our long-term view as you get through model transitions that the nature of the gross margins in the business and a recurring revenue business and software business for that matter are such that we should be able to increase the operating leverage over time. So our historical baseline has been plus or minus 25%, and that looks like something heading towards a 30%, something with a 3 in front of it is where we think about the long-term model, Kristen.
Robert Painter: I think there's a little bit of a mixed story on that, Rob. We've certainly seen some areas of the portfolio where production is increasing, and we're seeing our business increase. And then I've seen others where it remains a bit challenged. So I have to say it's a little bit of a mixed view, not a totally consistent view. My read-through of OEM reports this quarter suggests that they're seeing tight supply chains as well for the rest of the year.  And as you know, we primarily orient ourselves around the aftermarket and serving the mixed fleet. And what we're seeing in the aftermarket is continued strong uptake and adoption of the technology, and that really is the growth catalyst for the business.
Robert Painter: Yes. No, it's a good question. So it may give you a historical comparison on the business mix and why we see our portfolio today being so much more resilient than in the past. And I'll give you a comparison of 2012 to our 2021 numbers. In 2012, the percent recurring revenue we had was about 18%. And in 2021, it was 34% of our business, and that correlates to that $1.47 billion of ARR that we exited Q1 with. Overall, software and services were 32% of our revenue in 2012, 55% at the end of 2021. If we look at the operating income in 2012, 76% of our operating income came from 2 of the segments, Geospatial and Resources and Utilities, and that was 53% in 2021.  So the message is the portfolio has become much more balanced across the end markets that we serve over the last years, much more software-centric, much more recurring within that. So that gives us visibility and predictability into the model looking forward. If I look at the -- you asked about Buildings and Infrastructure in particular, that is a business that's absolutely transformed over the last 10 years. Today, that's approaching 3/4 of our segment and software today in Buildings and Infrastructure, and that would have been almost entirely hardware if you go back to the past.  And then when we've looked at a baseline as well over time of how we've performed in times of recession or difficult economic environments, we only have a small number of years where we've ever actually have seen revenue go down in time. We were, in that first COVID in 2020, we were down about 4% in revenue. We look back to the financial crisis, we look back to 9/11, we look back to the commodity price collapse. There's just 4 years we can look back to where we ever had a revenue decline. And so I mapped that against what today is a much stronger and more resilient business model. And that's what gives us -- it's one of the many things that gives us confidence and conviction to continue to invest in our business.
Robert Painter: ARR growth in the mid- to upper teens in those businesses. The Viewpoint business, I know we had a record first quarter bookings. We look at the intersection of -- actually look at the Viewpoint business specifically, the Trimble Construction One Contractor Cloud, our Viewpoint business is a major component of that offering. And so a good amount of the cross-sell sales that we produced or booked in the first quarter were a result of that part of the portfolio. So we continue to see really good things out of those businesses. We continue to see customers who are asking us to connect the data flows that we have resident in the contractor management system, which is what the Viewpoint business provides to be able to connect that to what's happening in the field, to be able to connect that to subcontractor systems.  What we see on the e-Builder side of the business, which is really serving capital program management for owners of the construction projects. We increasingly have customers who are also using our Cityworks software for enterprise asset management. And now with our recent acquisition of AgileAssets, think about the operational maintenance phase, work and the management of that. We have customers who are asking us to integrate the data and the workflow between these packages. So it really, from my perspective, is confirming that we're on the right path with Connect and Scale and our industry platform strategy.
Robert Painter: It's Rob. Let's just start at Europe. Europe growth in the quarter was 14%. That would have been higher yet, because that haircut's for FX. So in the high teens growth rate. So demonstrable, let's say, evidence that Europe produced in the quarter, and that was reasonably broad-based across all of our segments. Let's talk about Russia and Belarus, Ukraine and the dynamic and I'll focus first really on Russia, Belarus. So yes, at this point, we don't anticipate the revenue coming back. That business is largely agriculture and geospatial oriented. So now let's talk about the agriculture aspect of that business. Yes, the fact of the matter is that 13% of the world's calorie production is now off of the market. The fact of the matter is that with the fertilizer that comes out of that region. And now I'd say the lack of fertilizer are coming out of that region, you would expect to see lower yields around -- of crop around the world.  That does provide the backdrop for what we see in commodity prices. Look at corn around 8, soy over 16. That food is going to be -- need to be produced somewhere. It doesn't happen overnight as we know. There's obviously a growing cycle to that. We would look at market. So I think about Brazil, I think about Canada, I do think about North America, Australia. And as we have a global footprint, we certainly turn our attention -- incrementally turn our attention to those markets.  Now in the short term, the reality is that we have a lot of backlog in our agriculture business. And so in the short term, and I'll define short term as 2022, we don't see a material change to our revenue because we can direct that backlog elsewhere. It's really looking forward after that.  And then if I take Ukraine specifically, we are doing everything we can to help our dealers in the region, it's really inspiring to see a number of our employees and partners continuing to find a way to actually make some of the business go. And so we'll do everything we can to help our customers and partners and the people in that region. And let's hope that, that crop can come back online before too long.
David Barnes: Jerry, the divestitures haven't closed. We expect them to close in the second quarter. The proceeds will be a little over $200 million. I see that cash flow flowing into our overall capital allocation priorities. We are fortunate to have powder dry to do deals that will complement our strategy and growth. So that's the first priority. We are repurchasing shares. You probably saw, we did a little over $100 million in the first quarter. Our thinking is that we will continue to at least offset the dilution from stock comp and probably go a little higher given our current leverage position. But the overall priority is -- has not changed that our first focus on allocation of capital is to grow the business.
David Barnes: Yes. So the first and pretty obvious point is the impact of the divestitures and foreign exchange, which have a pretty meaningful impact year-on-year and sequentially. I think you're right to focus on ARR growth because we do see that as a more reliable barometer of the momentum of our business. There are a couple of things that do impact Q2, particularly when you're looking sequentially versus Q1 this year. The two I'd focus you on are, one, the supply chain. We actually had a very, very strong Q2 of last year. We were making a big investment in our U.S. distribution center, which actually caused more shipments to get held up at the end of Q1 of last year and get shipped out in Q2.  We kind of had the opposite phenomenon this year, where we had a very, very strong late quarter Q1 shipment pattern. You saw how strong our hardware shipments. That actually drove our backlog down a little bit, which is a good thing. And we are seeing some latent effects of the shutdowns in China. So there are a couple of factors that make organic growth tough on the hardware side.  With regard to software, the issue is on our term license business, which is a growing part of our recurring revenue stream. A lot of our recurring revenue contracts renew in Q1, The accounting standards have term licenses, all the revenue hits when -- or the majority of the revenue hits when the term begins. And so that really causes sequential trends to look worse than the long-term trends would be, Q1 to Q2.
David Barnes: Yes. I'll say the -- what we're divesting is hardware businesses, and they are, on average, lower gross margin than the rest. So yes, the divestitures help a little bit. But the much bigger driver is the dynamic of the mix of our business with a greater mix of software, and we'll see the positive impact of the pricing. We actually -- we'll be lapping some of the inflation. And we think we're going to benefit from some normalization of the supply chain. The way I'd characterize that is that we project we will be less reliant on the broker market for key components in the second half of the year than we have been for the last few quarters that will still be with us in Q2.  So we're not in a normal world. We're in an inflationary world, but the -- some of the spikes in input costs will be more manageable and we'll get the full impact of the price increases that we've announced now, which take time to get through the backlog. So those factors, plus the mix, will improve our margins in the second half.
David Barnes: I wouldn't say moderation, no. I would say more signs that we've hit the peak and that we don't see acceleration in input costs. And then particularly looking to the second half, Tami, where we expect to see moderation is in our reliance on the broker market, which is where a meaningful part of our cost inflation comes from. So you'll have a part that has a normal standard cost of $1 or $2 or $3 that's available in the broker market for many, many times, 10, in some cases, even 100x the normal cost. So that's been driving a lot of our cost inflation, and we think that impact will be mitigated in the second half.
David Barnes: Our -- most of it is volume. Our prices have firmed up a little bit. So we've been -- like a lot of businesses, we've been struggling to estimate how much inflation will be. And so our price outlook is a little better than it was last time, but the bigger driver is that our business is really strong and our ability to execute in the supply chain is a little stronger than we expected last time.
David Barnes: Chad, it's David. I'll say we did take action this quarter to cut our costs. We've reduced our facility footprint and made a reduction in a piece of the transportation team. As I think about the path forward, I do believe we have strong visibility to the key metrics improving, particularly late this year and the metrics I focus on are our ARR growth and our margins. But if you look at the pieces of the business, we've got a model transformation going on in the enterprise software business. We're seeing good receptivity on our recurring revenue model offerings with customers. We're converting existing customers and winning new logos in that business. So that's a good outlook. It's hard to see it in the revenue line as these transitions always are. But in terms of booking and ARR momentum, we feel really good there.  On the mobility side of the business, the real progress we've made in the last quarter is proving out a new product, which will be released later this year in the second half. We've got that in beta test with a major customer and the outlook is really good. That new product will provide more features, make us much more competitive with some of the competitors who we've lost business to. It will also be better from a margin profile perspective. So the progress we're making there is allowing us to hang on to more of our existing customers, and we believe we've got a really compelling offering for new logos. So we think that will help us in the back half of the year.  We also have a Maps business in our Transportation segment. That is very, very strong. It's growing really well in the United States and in Europe, really posting excellent numbers. So I put all that together, and I know we're in a "show me" mode here. but we think we got a couple of more quarters where we're getting the engine going and then by the fourth quarter. We do believe that we'll have -- we'll be on a path to really demonstrable improvement.  As it relates to your broader question about transportation in our portfolio, if you think about our mission of transforming the way the world works using digital technology and connected platforms to optimize critical workflows, Transportation really fits very well into that theme, and we think we can make this a very good business.
David Barnes: Erik, I'll say it's very unpredictable. Everybody in the supply chain is hand to mouth. The numbers we posted for the first quarter reflect in part the fact that on a number of really constrained key components that were the gateway for us delivering full kit to our dealer customers, a bunch came in. So I think what happened was we're holding nothing back. They're holding nothing back. Just some constraints loosened just in the last few weeks of the quarter. So it's very hard to predict. And frankly, we ended up -- we ended the quarter stronger than we expected to and that was just driven by the availability of some key components we're waiting on. It doesn't reflect really any change in our approach or strategy, it's just the way product flowed in.
