Robert G. Painter: What I would add is what you see with Sumitomo is it relationships on for factory fit for excavators, Yutong is dynamic compaction and the Komatsu deal is a cloud-to-cloud based collaboration. So it also demonstrates let's say, a breadth and depth of relationships in types of machines and capabilities.
Robert G. Painter: Yes, let's start with the latter, yes, from a takeaway perspective, we're very early in the game. So, excavators being the largest machine count population, provides the backdrop for and what we believe is a very attractive machine opportunity, though it's still very, very early let's say in the game with the new earthworks product line for excavators. From a global rollout perspective, we're reasonably far along with that and in the coming quarters we'll be fully distributed as well as have additional firmware capabilities that will come into the product line shortly. So, I think we're in a good position there.
Robert G. Painter: I'll start with, I'd say execution from the business team in Europe. We acquired a couple of companies over the last few years and we think that we've got a differentiated offering on the back of this acquisition and they've just been performing pretty well, really be the essence of it. So I call it more of a – I'll probably call it 50/50 penetration in market share gain.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. Off the top of my head, I don't have that available, because just by the dynamics of it, if you take a business – well, actually I guess if you took the delta between the total software, services and recurring and just the recurring line, you would be at around 19%, 20%. I mean that would be – is generally a straight up software sale. And when you get into the recurring, we'd look at business, like on the mobility side, on the fleet management side, where there is the onboard computer that attaches to a subscription. So, I would call that a total solution that 20% plus or minus is the...
Robert G. Painter: Sure. So the – as I think we've previously discussed, the PACCAR OEM relationship in our Transportation reporting segment, that's the first OEM relationship we've had in that business, unlike agriculture or the heavy civil business, where we have long histories of OEM relationships. It's one that has been, we feel it's been successful thus far, the rollout has actually exceeded our original expectations in terms of what's coming out of the factory. That's part one of two, so part one of two is what comes out of the factory. And then the second part is driving let's call it aftermarket, upsell, subscriptions and that part of the business has been, I would say, close to our expectations. And I think we're still early, we wouldn't – it'd be too early to call something a success or a failure in terms of driving the aftermarket adoption. But to give you an anecdote of example where we see a positive benefit of this is if you're a trucking company and you bought a let's say a PACCAR truck and let's say it's got a Cummins engine that comes with that truck. And if I – if the rest of my fleet already has people in that technology, Trimble people in that technology, on day one immediately able to integrate that in with the bigger fleet management solution I have. If you're a customer that doesn't have any technology and now you have a piece of the – let's say, you have a truck that's enabled with technology, that's a – let's call that as a warm lead to talk to that customer about working with them on the rest of their fleet. And then the final example is that they have competitive product there and then start to realize the benefit of having a mix fleet that can connect and that drives sales opportunities for us. And we see in the segment that we focus on that we've been gaining share in these mid to large size trucking fleets. And we believe this is one of many things that's helping us there.
Robert G. Painter: Well I would say, first look at it or think about it on a year-over-year basis as opposed to a sequential basis and so, on a year-over-year basis, put that number in context of what we've been posting in the last few quarters, and it falls in line.
Robert G. Painter: The answer would be, no. We haven't built the model on a expectation of let's say the U.S. infrastructure bill kicking in any time soon and I know you know ag well and our commodity prices where they are, so don't – haven't built a plan assuming some kind of sudden turn there and the bushel price on corn or soy for that matter. So we've built the model really assuming the let's call it the world as it is today.
Robert G. Painter: Sure, yes. So, I'll try to be careful in the guidance to separate out the organic element versus the inorganic and I think you're zeroing in on the organic element and trying to understand what that leverage looks like to operating performance as well as the leverage within the organic. So, that's the part I'll speak to. And there I'd say couple of things to keep in mind is from a – let's just call it straight comp perspective, it was the second half last year specifically Q3 where we really started to see the benefits of the cost control – cost cutting and cost control and revenue growth kick in sort of driving the leverage. So from a comp perspective, we started to run into that this quarter or as for the last four quarters they were against lower baseline, so that's – so let's call it the starting point as a little bit harder to get to another 40%-plus kind of operating leverage quarter. And second then in addition to that, one of the examples from the script was the ASC, the 606 compliance expenses, which are incremental to what we had last year and that hurts us a bit from it being able to achieve some leverage. So there is meaningful number of points of leverage that are – we'll lose in the quarter, based on the work we're doing on the 606 work and that will go away here in a few quarters. So it's not a structural long-term change.
Robert G. Painter: If you think about it from we can take a hardware or a software, services distinction on one hand and then maybe geography on another axis. From a capabilities perspective, as you know, Müller that gets us to the implement, since we think critical and manifestation of precision ag. But to the extent that there is complementary, let's say, technologies around the implement, that's adventurous to us. Now, I'll classify that hardware-centric for the moment. But we also, I would then quickly say there is not really much out in the market, which fits that profile. And then on the software side, software/services side that we see that as a important part of the portfolio is what we have today is very North American-centric. So, as we think about the business obviously being a global business, that's an area where we would look for opportunities that could be geographically-centric, because as workflow can defer from country-to-country, you may need to acquire in order to be able to serve the workflow needs of a given geography. And from a capability perspective, let's just say if I stay on North America or go back to North America, we could look at the value chain, where we have capabilities today and look to either strengthen or fill gaps in that continuum.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. So the way to think about it is, if you and sort of I try to bridge here in my script is – so tell me, if it's not answering your question. But from a baseline perspective, I'll start year-over-year, baseline perspective and if I look at the organic operating margin, so exclude the acquisitions, we would see operating income that would – the midpoint would bridge somewhere close to 19% on the operating income line. If the acquisitions which become dilutive to the operating margin, so there is some accounting effects. But there is also some seasonality effects. And so the sum of that on the inorganic side, add that to the organic and I talked about the 606, some of the compliance spend, we have there bridges to the EPS.
Robert G. Painter: So, from a margin perspective as we go into 2018, I would say consistent with the model that we talk about, which is that of generating operating leverage on the revenue growth. So as you play that, if you were to play that forward and look out into 2018 and let's start organic and leave out any let's say new acquisitions that may or may not happen, so we would look to step up the operating income performance of the company and in the environment as it is now, we see revenue growth available. So if the revenue growth is available and we're able to generate operating leverage and call it in mid-20%-plus, then you'll see natural step-ups in the operating margins of the company.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. A couple of comments there. And I would not start with easy comp as a baseline for it, and it's driven twofold; first from the agriculture business and the second from our Trimble correction services business. So from an agriculture perspective, we've seen continuation of good growth outside the U.S., or outside North America. So the Brazils, Russia, the CIS countries, Asia Pacific posted – they continue to post good growth. It's a continuation of what we have been seeing and that what we saw in the U.S. was a quarter of growth in the U.S. and we're going on it at least a couple of quarters now of posting growth in – positive growth in the U.S. And so that's obviously, you add that dynamic into the equation on top of the international that we've already been seeing and you get a good story. And then on top of that, we have had growth with OEM partners which I would call – say it's separate and distinct from geographic growth I was just describing. So, that would be the ag side of the picture and then the complementary side is on our correction services business. So, that's the farmer who needs ubiquitous sub-inch or sub-meter coverage, positional accuracy. To do that, you're subscribing to correction services. A good deal of those correction services subscribers we have are farmers, in fact the vast majority of them are farmers who need their accuracy for their work and that business was up double digit year-over-year and it's a strong profitable SaaS business.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. So in Q2, it would still be, let's say, the dominant element of the hardware revenue that we have. We also have variable rate flow controls, water management systems, irrigation systems as well as pivot irrigation. The fundamental change as we go forward, would be Müller coming into the Trimble family as we get into precision ag and really the variable rate flow controls with the Electronic Control Units that Müller has. So think about it as if guidance is very tractor-centric, what comes with Müller is very implement-centric, that's the thing behind the tractor and that's important both strategically. But to your point on penetration also, let's say, balances or diversifies the sources of hardware revenue that we have.
Robert G. Painter: Oh, so, good memory. So, actually the answer on irrigation is, our news in that realm is the OEM agreement with Valley. And Valley will be where we expect to see the irrigation, the pivot irrigation business, really move. Valley being one of the largest providers in the world of pivot irrigation systems, for us solves – or addresses, I should say, addresses a go-to-market challenge/opportunity. So, that's really the move we've made in the irrigation, pivot irrigation side of the business.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. On the facility management, or we call it our real estate and workplace solutions business. The business had a nice second quarter as the punch line. So, within in line and the fact that exceeded our expectations, both in terms of top line, bottom line, but also importantly in the bookings, because the bookings is what's going to show up later as revenue. So, from an operational perspective, as well the businesses materially improved. One of the things that we have talked about in prior, I think that's probably in the last call, was the need to get through a few of discrete implementations and then let's get sign off the customers on some of the discrete implementations, which have been stayed long in the making that potentially gate us from moving to the next customers, and we progressed nicely on that front. So, that's the summary on the real estate and workplace solutions business. And then, in our FSM business or field services management business, we continue to make a, let's call it a somewhat of a strategic pivot in that business. And one of the models that I think has served big company well over many years is that of being very centered – very centric to vertical – serving vertical markets more so than being a horizontal provider of technology, and that's the pivot that continues to be underway in our field services management business. The obvious verticals, given the nature of Trimble is, those in construction and agriculture markets. So a good deal of emphasis continues to write on that.
Robert G. Painter: Yes. I mean, I got to say it's getting close to that. It doesn't have the growth – top-line growth profile of the rest of buildings. Some of that's very much on purpose, because we really work to address the bottom line in the business. I mean, it's a business that has a long – reasonably long sales cycle and long implementation cycle. So carefully you could get in a position of, let's say, if you're only going after the recognized revenue in the short term, you can do that and it be at the expense of the bottom line, so you have to get that balance with the business model like that. So, we put, I'd say the emphasis on focus on getting the bottom line correct, which has a bit of expense on a bit, comes at a bit of a – let's say, price so to speak on the recognized revenue that would show up with it being on a lower revenue growth than the rest of the portfolio. Going back to what I said on the bookings, very importantly that the bookings do continue to grow and are trending in the right direction. And that's what will get us the revenues that come in line with the growth that we expect out of the rest of that buildings portfolio.
Robert G. Painter: To our potential accounting implications, so, just speaking a more general sense the one that most of the people are familiar with would be the purchase accounting effects or deferred revenue haircut that you often see, in software acquisitions and more and more of our deals are software oriented that none. The second effect, and I wouldn't call this a purchase accounting effect, that can happen on a let's call it a software acquisition, that we've made if we've bought a company that's a private company that may have had a way of recognizing revenue let's say on a professional services contract, and in the past, that would have been let's say call it on a they were mid perhaps recognized at on I'd say time of materials or as performed basis. But in GAAP accounting it's generally, going to take you to the point of having completed the contract. And so, as we bring companies in that are private into a public context, we often have to ship the contracts or ship the nature of how you – what – first it's recognize the revenue under U.S. GAAP and the company had had a prior practice that was different that can cause a shift in ability to actually to recognize the revenue, which is completely separate from collecting a cash and getting the work done that can really, just be accounting effect, which to me is mutually exclusive from a differed revenue haircut on purchase accounting.
Robert G. Painter: And there is a one, that will then fix themselves quickly, they play pretty quickly, and then you're back on the trajectory.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think, yes, in general. It's all relative, of course, so against the standard here of last several years. I think there are more positive points of light, if you will, to point out internationally I think we talked in terms of kind of generally being better or upbeat with the probable exception of the Middle East. I think the U.S. is still something of the mystery factor here, which is it's positive. But still with a fair amount of uncertainty around the edges just in terms of what the policy standard is going to be. So I would say, yes, against a relative standard over the last several years, I would say that – I would tend to say generally more upbeat and yes we can call it a trend – an inflection point. But I'm not sure what – I wouldn't want to necessarily forecast the slope after the inflection point.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so I think the – if you're detecting a change in tone, there probably is one kind of during the period of 2015 and into 2016 I think that we did kind of consciously return to a, let's mind the netting and let's just make sure that we got our operational cost in order, let's clean up the portfolio to some extent just to make sure that it is central to a strategic concept. So I think without making a big deal of it, one way or the other, I think we did kind of focus more on operations than looking to the outside world. So I think that with the progression that we've shown for really now year-and-a-half, I think we're comfortable that we have control of ourselves operationally and yes, really started to study the strategic equations out there. So, I think, that acquisition let's call focused on careful acquisition is maybe more visibly part of the strategy or the strategic statement than it would have been a year ago. As far as relative size of acquisitions, I think again it is ultimately constrained by what is available in terms of assets, if we're staying focused on the strategy, what is available in terms of size and somewhat limited just given the markets that we're in. There are some big possibilities out there that may or may not make sense for us. So I would not necessarily characterize it so much in terms of size. Certainly this year the characteristic by and large has been in the tuck-ins, but I wouldn't necessarily want to constrain ourselves to kind of that particular definition. If you look to the past, look to PeopleNet, TMW, Tekla, all of which have been relatively transformative for us, so I think that if we came across assets of that quality and that have that kind of transformative capability or capacity for us, we wouldn't shy away from them. So, I'm not sure that I'm necessarily categorically answering your question, but I think it will – the answer is it depends.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, in terms of the implication of the question, I'm going to choose not to infer anything from it. But I think that we are definitely seeing success with OEMs. I think we're seeing relative success versus the competition. I would not – I would just say that we're winning on the merits and leave it at that.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So I think what you'll get from us is a relatively generalized answer that probably does not lead to dollars and cents impact on Trimble. So we would agree that the states have put increased emphasis on solving their own problems and not waiting for the federal government to provide the funding for it. There are discrete examples across the country where that's happening. At the same time, I wouldn't totally discount the possibilities at the federal level. Yes, right now, it is stalled, but I would say that there is a strong sentiment both within the Department of Transportation as well as Congress that if there is an infrastructure spending bill, I think there is a strong motivation to spend it, smarter than has been the case historically. And I think there is a strong appetite for including kind of a technology element in whatever is spent just to make sure that it is being spent efficiently with the minimum amount of waste. But I would say is, yes, the number, not a huge number, not the majority, but a meaningful number of states are stepping up their level of activity. We, as a result, as a company, are spending more time engaged both in Washington and at the state level in terms of both understanding where things are going, but then also trying to influence the spending towards, let's call it, smart spending with a greater technology component. Now, I think, we would – we really don't have the ability to kind of forecast what sort of dollars and cents impact it would have on us. But I would say, if – again, just looking at the trend line, it's probably more positive today than it would have been six months ago. Well, six months ago was maybe euphoric, because of the view that there was going to be $1 trillion spend. So the environment was euphoric with no data behind it. So maybe there has been a downtick there, but probably with more real activity going on, but I would say, we're probably in kind of an upward cycle, just in terms of kind of the willingness for the states to engage on the issue.
Steven W. Berglund: Sure. Yes. So, again, I think, we're taking relatively great pains to try to qualify the OEM opportunity in Building and Infrastructure, which is not so much as an end unto itself, but a means to an end. And so I think that if you really look at the next year or two or three, for that matter, the dollar revenue coming directly from the OEMs is not going to be a topic of a great deal of conversation on our part. It's more the strategic leverage that we're getting really in the aftermarket. So, we really are seeing the OEMs as a means to access the aftermarket is install a box, there are different models here, but in a simplistic way is think about installing a box on the machine in the factory that already has a Trimble layer of intelligence on it, it goes to the aftermarket, ends up in the hands of a contractor, who may have three, four, five different machine types, different colors, different manufacturers. And the concept would be our distribution goes and visits that contractor and effectively sells software and potentially other services on top of the capability represented in the box. So hopefully, if this all works right, is the relatively larger part of the value-add will take place in the aftermarket, will be in the form of software and services, more so than the value implicit in the box in the factory. So again, the revenue is nice, but we all ultimately expect the larger part of the revenue to come from the aftermarket. And to see the box being installed in the factory, kind of maybe a literal box or a virtual box being installed in a factory, being kind of a means to an end, relative the end being the aftermarket revenue. As far as the question on acquisitions in terms of kind of the where we go looking for them, I think that, one, we take a fair amount of pride in being an international company. I think we do view the international market kind of holistically. And so, we would not think in terms of domestic or foreign or domestic and abroad. So, I think that we have demonstrated a fair amount of capability of arbitraging technology sources from around the world, whether it be India or we've got a strong Nordic presence. We have a strong German presence. We have capability in a lot of places around the world. So, I think that we would be in a sense indifferent relative to the nationality associated with acquisitions and would simply look for the best fit, the best value creation capability. And at least at the moment, we're not particularly consumed by kind of geopolitical considerations. That may come. But aside from the obvious places to avoid, we're not really including that very directly into our calculation on acquisitions.
