Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, I think we're kind of looking at the two issues a little bit independently. I think the return to 20% we're basically aside from some kind of continued growth in the building construction space or at least elements of it, which looks pretty good at this point in time, as well as the transportation and logistics, which again is looking pretty good. We're basically, modeling kind of a return to 20% operating with no real help elsewhere from revenue. And so, as far as exchange rate environment, we're maybe naively with the Fed potentially raising rates, but we're assuming kind of current exchange rates continue through into 2016. So, we're not assuming the wisdom of actually being able to call future exchange rate move. So, basically a flat line. And in a simple sense is, again through June trailing 12-month, operating margin, non-GAAP operating margin was 17.1%. So, in shorthand form, we see the three points coming from, one, Manhattan Software, which has been holding up a lot of revenue in deferred revenue. So, that – turning that situation around and being able to get the deferred revenue out of that, which should be possible into 2016. That's more or less a point of margin itself. The cost reductions we've taken adds another point, so that's two out of the three points of margin uptick. And the third point is a combination of some portfolio trimming which turns around some losses on individual product categories, as well as some lift from the building construction kind of organic realm and transportation and logistics. So we see getting back to 20%, somewhat independently of let's call it a larger revenue story. Now, okay, the revenue – in terms of revenue growth, again starting in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we start to lap some of these effects, whether it'd be oil prices, exchange rates and the like – and okay, so essentially those no longer get to be the drag. So I think we inherently have growth built-in, it then becomes a question as to how large the growth rate we can actually achieve in 2016. But if everything more or less holds at the current level kind of reduced level, at current level we do see the ability to create a level of growth in 2016. We're becoming a little less explicit in terms of how much growth that could be given kind of these new headwinds from China and Brazil, but I think the construction of the scenario is relatively straight forward. The big element here is agriculture, which we are – which we're modeling and which we believe will be kind of flat line to maybe slightly up in 2016 and that begins in the fourth quarter of 2015, that's our view of it at this point in time. So, I think the 20% we have a path that doesn't assume a whole lot of lift on the revenue front, and then I think the revenue story is on top of that.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So maybe let me give the kind of the business context and then give it to Francois to kind of talk to the numbers. But the business contracts, which we still stand behind, obviously we were surprised by and that the state of deferred revenue and the fact that we've been unable to recognize the level of revenue that we expected originally out of Manhattan. But again Manhattan Software was an acquisition toward in the second half of last year, really to extend our view of the connected construction site into the operation of the building, turning the constructible model over at the end of the project to actually become the basis of an operational model. And the fundamentals of Manhattan in terms of orders, bookings, actually cash flow has been consistent with our expectations, it's been a positive story, it's been the accounting that has been the challenge for us. So, from a business perspective, I think it's still valid, still fundamentally a positive to-date story on Manhattan. But let me give it to Francois to talk to the kind of the number side of it.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So I think that starting to kind of looking back and moving to the front here maybe a little bit, but the – we're not looking to the changes we're making in channel to – we're not looking for any fundamental structural changes in our cost structure out of this. Now Trimble has become a little bit more complicated or maybe significantly more complicated over the last few years and kind of ratios like sales and marketing cost to revenue because very roughly 50% of our overall go-to-market approach has been – it has become direct, five years ago it's much more indirect. And that in terms of the way the accounting is done for revenue and where the costs are that will mess with the ratios a bit. So – but fundamentally, what we're doing now in terms of initiatives across the board, we're not actually looking to kind of move the needle at all relative to kind of the, the traditional ratio. So we would expect those to kind of self-correct over time. But specifically, on the building construction, kind of go-to-market approach on the channel, really two elements of that. One, we are kind of analogous to what we did with SITECH and the Heavy Civil. We are building out a main channel called BuildingPoint, which is a worldwide dealer network, commonly branded with the name BuildingPoint, with a set of guidelines and with a set of branding characteristics of that. Our attempt there is to make that channel synonymous with technology and vertical construction. The construction of buildings, software centric, but able to handle both – handle the bundle of hardware and software, and that effort has been going on now for, I believe over a year, is proceeding and okay, we expect within the next year to more or less have the channel substantially build out. Now, in parallel to that, there is the issue of large projects and large accounts, maybe the most significant account that we have been able to press release in this arena has been AECOM, which was last year, but in account like that isn't necessarily going to rely on a dealer – a set of multiple dealer relationships, there does need to be a kind of a central point of them because those are coming from Trimble. So, in parallel to the dealer channel, we're building out a direct selling capability in combination with professional services. So, Gehry Technology brought with it, a professional services capabilities. So, we are able to go in as a Trimble and do a corporate level sale to someone like AECOM or maybe more to the point be able to go in and in a project level make a sale at the project. Although, what's been announced so far with the Beijing airport has been heavy on the Heavy Civil. We would expect the same thing to occur on the building. So, what we end up having is two collaborative channels, one that looks like a direct capability and one that's a dealer channel, but the direct would lead the way in and then coordinate dealer activity at the local level. So, call it something of a hybrid model, but it's something we're comfortable with and actually where we believe that we are – we have a pretty strong competency and it's really consistent with the way Trimble has worked for a number of years. But again, I think in terms of the cost structure, we would not expect these efforts to really kind of move traditional relationships in terms of comps.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, I would say that in a rough sense is – T&L is consistent with those sorts of growth numbers and we actually believe that we're – as the year – as we move deeper into the second half of the year and as we get into 2016, we believe that the trend will accelerate both because of the PACCAR deal that we talked about last quarter, but also we were feeling pretty good about new product introductions that are coming and the impact that they will have. Field Services is still fundamentally a turnaround situation. It is going through a comparatively painful transition, kind of moving away from heavy reliance, historical reliance of small and medium accounts to more enterprise level, more complicated, more work flow oriented solutions and pipeline activity is good. That pipeline will probably not be kind of fully realized until we get into 2016. So, what we're expecting there in terms of profile is for it to continue to be a negative factor from a profitability standpoint on the segment for a couple of quarters more declining over that time period. And during the second half of the year, we're expecting or we're forecasting at this point in time that it ceases to be a significant drag anyway on revenue that – revenue first flat lines and then starts to grow as we get into 2016.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, the expect – pretty explicitly is that particularly with performance we saw in Brazil and performance we're seeing out of the OEMs, which is I think that we had – we're expecting the third quarter to maybe kind of moderate out. I think we're just watching the third quarter at this point of time. But, right now, another drop is in the estimate for the third quarter. Whereas in fourth quarter, which was – which where we saw the really precipitous drop last year. I think that – and a lot of that was inventory effect in the OEM channel. We don't expect – we certainly don't expect the inventory effect to recur in agriculture, and relative to everything else, the – it's getting we're kind of coming to the limits of how much worse the OEM element could get sort of thing. So, right now, we're modeling and with some reasonable expectation of it actually turning out to be true. We're modeling the fourth quarter to be flat in agriculture, and I think, right now, we've got and what I think is a sober and conservative estimate for the third quarter and last year late in the quarter kind of a September effect, we saw a kind of a cliff that we went over in the last two weeks, three weeks of the quarter. So, there may be some moderation that occurs in the third quarter, but that's not kind of implicit in the estimate at this point in time. We're kind of calling it down kind of in a fairly conservative fashion. So, we'll see how the quarter unfolds, but that's the way we're looking at it at this point in time. As far as GIS, GIS was down year-to-year in the second quarter that was consistent. The story for GIS is very similar to kind of the story that was more survey focused in the script. But GIS is relatively heavily dependent on kind of the oil factors or oil regions as well, and so, that kind of pull GIS along with it, but – so, GIS was also down in the quarter, and we're expecting it to reflect kind of more or less same profile as the survey equipment they tend to operate in tandem to some extent.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I'm not sure that we've ever said, called out a relationship between second half and first half. I think, we've always talked in terms of second half 2015 versus second half 2014. And, okay, last quarter, we were a bit more bullish, I would say about the third quarter and kind of the Brazil, the China and the kind of the Ag OEM has made us a bit more careful about third quarter. I think our view on the fourth quarter, which is flat to potentially up relative to last year. I think that's still our outlook at this point in time.
Steven W. Berglund: Well. Okay. Let's make sure, we're consistent on the construct. So, I don't think anything we said today actually talks about the full second half. So, third quarter is what we said it was going to be and I think fourth quarter discretely I'm suggesting that revenue level compared to the fourth quarter of last year is flat to up, which would – I believe the fourth quarter last year was roughly $600 million, which would indicate that yeah, it would be or no, it was $564 million or so. And so, I think that we're saying something north of $564 million is probably the outlook for the fourth quarter is just I think we'll get to the fourth quarter – we'll talk more specifically about the fourth quarter in three months. But in general, I think the fourth quarter becomes something of an inflection point leading into 2016, which is flat to up.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So it's largely as a result of that. I think, to a lesser extent, we had also a product transition during the – in the T&L, or Transportation and Logistics group that also impacted, a little bit that sequential drop, but by and large, for the most part it was the Field Services, so you're correct.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I'd say – first of all it hasn't happened yet and therefore rather than kind of building a set of actions around a forecast, I think that we understand fully and completely the trailing 12 months, we're building it off of that as a result. But I think that – I think looking to – we haven't said anything about the fourth quarter and what that might be. So, the third quarter is standing kind of in isolation at this point in time. But again, I think that if you – we could also go back to the third quarter last year which had a 20% plus operating margin and build it off of that in terms of what has happened since then to bring it down from 20%. So, we can search for different baselines. So, I think that one of the exercises I've done is basically gone back to the third quarter last year where we had 20 plus percent operating margins built – in terms of what has impacted that, using that as the baseline and how do we recover that. So, I think, it's a matter of what base you choose for triangulation and I didn't choose the third quarter last year, I didn't choose the third quarter this year. But I think that the trailing 12 months I think provides a sober estimate and okay, we're triangulating off that. But I think the logic of getting to the 20% is still sound. And so, it's obviously a lot more complicated than that, but today was an attempt just to basically say, okay we have a commitment to get to the 20% and okay we do have a path to it, that's a little bit more complicated shall we say than the one we laid out. So, a fair point, but at the same time, I think that it's a matter of okay, what you base what off of and I'm prepared to do it for the third quarter off of the trailing 12 months in three quarters, but I'd like to do it of actuals not a forecast.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, certainly in the context of 2016, we're looking it to be – for it to be incremental. What we have done is we have built a direct sales force capability. So, we are outtalking to large growers who do a lot of the irrigation. It has maybe not surprisingly turned out to be a relatively conservative market from the standpoint is we have – and typically a farmer who has needs 10 irrigation systems or 15 irrigation systems, will say put it on one, let's try it out, and so, what we've got at this point in time is a number – large number of trials going on. Okay. So, the revenue to-date hasn't been as high as we maybe would have forecasted six months or nine months ago simply because of the adoption process is taking longer. So, like most of the Trimble businesses it is a fairly conservative uptake process in the works. I think we're now in the third quarter and fourth quarter, starting to move out of season. So, I think it really is, so, it hasn't generated revenue sufficient to really being worth talking about in the larger context to that, but we've done a whole lot of learning this year really in the first year of implementation. We have engaged the marketplace. We have talked to a lot of farmers and I think that the probabilities for it to be a meaningful revenue item in 2016 is quite high. So, I think we're, I suppose in a sense, disappointed that the uptake wasn't instantaneous. We were probably naïve in terms of believing that – again the farmer with 15 – who needed 15 systems would order all 15 without seeing a demonstration taking place over some period of months. So I think that is more, it has become more of a 2016 issue than a 2015 issue. Now at the same time from a market standpoint, from a competitor standpoint, we're very pleased with where we stand, we believe we have a unique hit product capability, we have or actually – we have a unique solutions capability because we've taken the base product. We have integrated with other capabilities, and there is – it's evolved into more of a water management system. So from that standpoint, we're quite happy with where we stand. But again, I think it has turned into more of a 2016 potential than a 2015 in terms of moving the needle for agriculture.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, I think that probably when we look back I wouldn't – I would guess I wouldn't doubt anyway that probably the second quarter does kind of – first quarter and second quarter particularly together represent the low point. Now, I think that probably the oil producing regions themselves are going to languish for a period of time. But I think, two effects, one, when we get into the – when we get to the – into the fourth quarter and to the first quarter, at least the year-to-year comparison that's to be easier. So, we've got that, but I think as a – from a company standpoint is because of our relative market share in the GNSS, GPS. We have been a kind of overrepresented in the oil exploration area and we have actually I think had a stronger presence in the oil producing regions than maybe more – some of the competition. I think what we need to do as a company and that's what we're doing at this point in time is, okay, a reallocating mine share, reallocating resources, reallocating marketing programs kind of a way from a focus on oil at least until it's starts to come back until we see the oil prices going up. And redirect our points of emphasis to other areas, that's taking place at this point in time. So, I think that yeah aside from kind of the year-to-year comparison relief we see later in the – at the end of the year, I think we're seeing, let's call early signs of the benefits of this redirection of activity. So, I think we don't have to be a victim to the oil price effects. I think we can take proactive efforts, we're doing that. So, I would say is that right now I maybe speaking too early without a whole lot of – without enough data really to support in a big way. I would expect 2015 to actually be for our Geospatial business a reasonably robust growth year, but we need to get from now until then, but that's what's going on and I think that it will be a situation that corrects itself.
Steven W. Berglund: No, actually I think, probably, okay – again I'm China no expert, but I think what we're – we saw in China in the second quarter was probably more headline effects than anything else. I think, the fundamentals of China are still strong. I wouldn't see at all that the Beijing airport deal or kind of the other infrastructure deals are in any real jeopardy. I think what we saw was again the headline factor, where people that were potentially going to invest in the second quarter with the relative volatility of the stock market just decided to postpone differ and reconsider. So, I think, there is a fair chance that what we saw in China in the second quarter and kind of self corrects in quite a hurry and that it doesn't actually reflect anything fundamental. We'll see, but I think it's highly probable that the second – our second quarter results didn't necessarily reflect anything terribly fundamental about China.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, okay, so, I think it's – yeah, so, without a doubt I would expect agriculture and I think we've been consistent the same as over a period of time. Is agriculture – we see a transformation in both construction and agriculture. We would see the transformation occurring in construction much more rapidly than agriculture. So, the value proposition in construction is that, by using technology you can reduce project cost by 25% or 30%. Okay, that the competitive forces in construction are strong enough, is that – okay – I think the – those contractors who don't adapt will be out of business in fairly short orders. So, construction I think will occur rapidly. I think agriculture is a more conservative, a more patience sort of market. It will take longer. I think the end result will be very much the same of agriculture being transformed through the use of the information. So, I think that there is going to be – I think that against kind of what – the speculation of last few years in terms of time phased projections. I think it will turn out to be a slower developing market than people have been saying. At the same time, it will happen, it will be a big change and I think that fundamental to that change will be an edge, a channel that can deliver value to the customer that is – that becomes a trusted advisor to the farmer, and I think that becomes the fundamental consideration, which is to really reflect the level of neutrality and level of trust with the farmer turning over data to if you will, a third-party is an act of trust. So, I think that's fundamental. So, I think we're putting the basis in play to make that happen. I think we're being – let's call it appropriately sober, saying on time expectations, but I think it's the first step of many. So, I think that starting from a low level, I think we should see good growth coming from it, but we're not projecting a rocket ship here.
Steven W. Berglund: Yeah. So, you kind of expect things to neutralize themselves, so we may see some a good results. Now if you look at the results in Europe actually if you exclude the impact of FX and the distributor revenue recognition event that we had last year. So, which kind of impacted the year-over-year comparison. Europe was actually up 9%. So it kind of indicates that there is strong demand locally.
Francois Delepine: Yeah. So just to add a little bit of color maybe without giving the exact specifics, that we increased – out of the 20% growth in deferred revenue from – on a year-over-year basis. 16% of that, 22% was from acquisitions in that include kind of the acquisition operating balance and most of that would be from Manhattan, and if you look at the Q2 increase, so sequential increase, again, we had an increase also in Manhattan from the acquisition, we had an increase of mid single-digits and most of that again was Manhattan. So, and if you think of what's currently on the Manhattan deferred revenue balance, it's approximately $20 million. That continues to grow as we speak and has the delivery capabilities improved and we can turn the bookings into recognized revenue faster and also deliver some of the backlog of bookings that is currently in deferred as we deliver the product and implement the product that balance should stabilize or no longer grow quarter-over-quarter. So, that would start benefiting our P&L.
Francois Delepine: Yeah. Just to kind of follow-up on that, if you're trying to reconcile with things that we said a quarter ago, our general expectations for the second half as it stands today are lower, now than they were three months ago. So, that's what Steve just told you respectfully (46:17).
Francois Delepine: Yeah. So each division kind of adjust to the situation the kind of best they can with regards to pricing. We see the impact in Q3 to be – I mean the current rate to be a little bit lower than it was in Q2, but we quantify that is about 4%. In Q3, it will also be a little bit lower than we would expect to see it in – in Q4, rather we expect to see it bit a lower than in Q3. So, we're thinking about $20 million – $25 million in Q3, about $20 million in Q4, and then starts reducing after that still more – still a little bit in the Q1 and then after that in Q2 assuming current rates obviously will start lapping that and thoughts on demand issues once the price is fully addressed.
