Rob Painter: Thanks, David. We were busy in the fourth quarter preparing ourselves to come into 2024 with a running start. We were with over 10,000 customers at Trimble user conferences in September, October and November. We recommitted to our capital allocation priorities, undertook cost reduction, prepared to reorganize the company and made our numbers for the quarter. We plan to host an Investor Day later in the year to discuss the evolution of the business and to provide investors with more financial detail, including updated targets. I will end by taking a moment to welcome Ron Nersesian and Kara Sprague to the Trimble Board, two fantastic additions. Operator, we can now open the line to questions.
Rob Painter: Good morning, Kristen. This is Rob, and thanks for the question. So, coming into Q1 and thinking about the guide at the company level, what I would want you to hear is the momentum we have with the ARR and the overall business and the stabilization of the supply chains throughout most of the hardware businesses, which reflects in the total year guide. With respect to the first quarter specifically within the current Resources and Utilities segment, some of this is a quarterization topic, and then when we double click within that, within the Ag business specifically, there's two dynamics to consider: one is, at the overall market level, so call it market sentiment; and then the other is, within the transition of the relationship. So, at the overall Ag market level, you can see that from some of the market statistics from farmer sentiment in the U.S. and Europe, and what we've seen from some of the OEM posts on their numbers and unit expectations coming into the year. So that's part of the topic. And then, the other one is called more the aftermarket side. We're in the transition with the prior corporate relationship we've had and into the new JV relationship. And in that time of transition, there's a natural gap. And so, we never expected, as we've been making this distribution transition, that it was going to be a perfectly linear transition. So, we really think about it at the annual level, not at just a quarter-to-quarter comparison to really track the progress. So, the work is well underway from the integration planning between the teams, from signing up dealers in the aftermarket. So, before you get that revenue in the aftermarket, we've got to be signing up the dealers. And so, it's like comparative to looking at bookings and software business that you got to get the booking before you get the ARR. So, I hope that color helps you, Kristen.
Rob Painter: Yeah. I'm glad you asked that question, because the work that we're doing around TC1 and currently within the B&I segment, soon to be, you'll hear me talking about it with AECO moving forward, architects, engineers, construction and owners, and the digital transformation work that we've been undertaking, people, process, systems work over these last few years, it's really been vastly proportionate to this construction -- overall construction software part of the business. And really, we see it as the template for the rest of the company. We see it as the tip of the spear. There's a lot of work that's gone into it. There's also a lot of learnings that have come along with it, and I mean that in a very good way. The success of what we see in those bookings is demonstrable proof-point, that the strategy works. So, as we think about taking that into other parts of the business and we look forward, let's say, into the future field systems part of the company, what we saw is -- in the quarter is, that we're growing ARR at a double-digit clip in those businesses. And so, we can already take some of the ideas and frameworks around TC1 into other parts of the business. For example, bundling of our correction services -- positioning services with the hardware products that we have. We've been undergoing some model transitions in some of the hardware businesses, where we can separate value between the underlying hardware and then have a subscription or a term license on top of that. So, it's a -- there are things that happen in parallel. It's not perfectly serial, but for sure on the AECO software side of the business, that is a great template for us, and it has certainly been working so far.
Rob Painter: Sure, Jerry. Thanks for the question. I'll give you a couple examples. At the AECO leadership, Mark Schwartz is looking after that segment for us now. And at the field systems level, Ron Bisio is looking after that. So, two examples of where we reoriented leaders. Ron's history is long -- baseline history of Trimble is within our hardware businesses and dealer channel expertise. And so, we have all of that consolidated under Ron now, across all the hardware-centric businesses we have. Mark Schwartz has spent the bulk of his Trimble career in that AECO software space, and has just done a terrific job picking up the baton here and taking the business forward. And actually under his leadership, the growth has been accelerating in the business. So that's on the people side of the realignment. A couple of examples on the cost side. Jerry, we took a couple of lenses to this. One was we looked at some bigger areas where we saw that the revenue potential was pushing out from more near to mid term to mid to long term. So, Autonomy is an example of that, where we took, I'd say, a bigger chunk view of -- a realignment view on that, and did a reprioritization of capital allocation. The other one was a fair amount of the cloud investments we were making, platform investments we were doing at the corporate level, and what we decided to do was move those closer to the coalface, closer to the business, so it manifested -- given that AECO is the tip of the spear for the transformation work, move that closer to the AECO leadership, where you have to make those capital allocation trade-offs. They are closer to the coalface. And what I see is some organizational efficiency that comes out of that. So, those are a couple examples on the cost side, when we really took a look at saying, how do we get simpler? How do we get more focused? We've got to execute at a sharper clip. And I think Q4 was evidence that those moves are working, and as we come into Q1 and come into 2024, I'm confident that we've got the right org in place working on the right things.
Rob Painter: Sure. Happy to do that. So just as a reminder, that business model is mostly a transaction model, a consumption model. And so, let's say, at the macro level, the European -- and it's still predominantly European-centric business. The economy hasn't improved. I think, we understand that about Europe when I say that, so that's a headwind to some of the transactions, and there's less spot as compared to contract, which is unfavorable to the business model. Within that, though, we think about control what we can control. So, I'll give you some numbers. Gross retention in the business is essentially 100%. I exclude Russia, where we elected not to do some business, and to get out of that business in Russia, ARR in the high-single digits, operating margins above 20%, and at the deal model level that we had, which means the team is doing a good job working the cost line. The fourth quarter itself was a record bookings in the company's history. At new product introduction level, we have new products such as autonomous procurement, which are driving that book -- part of the reason that's driving that bookings growth beyond the value proposition that we already delivered to the customers. And at a product integration level, our global teams are working together to come to a single -- just one single feature for real-time visibility, bringing the MAPS technology, we already had at Trimble, into the Transporeon business, for example. So those are a few statistics, quantitative and qualitative for you, Jerry.
Rob Painter: Hey, Jonathan. Good morning. It's Rob. On the macro outlook, well, I'll start with North America -- geographically, North America is the strongest of the overall geographies. Europe is still a challenge, and I think will remain a challenge throughout 2024. So, those are the two major geos that impact the overall business, I would say. Asia Pacific feels a little bit more steady as she goes within that context. Within the vertical markets, in construction, it won't surprise you that we overall see strength in subsegments such as infrastructure, renewables, data centers, reshoring, onshoring drive positive momentum for the bookings. Residential remains more challenged on a global level, and worse so in Europe. The freight markets which would impact our Transportation business, those remained quite challenged, I'd say -- I'd really say globally on that. I commented already on Agriculture, and we see those macros challenged a little bit more globally as well. The thing I would overlay on top of that, Jonathan, as we think about coming into 2024 is, just how structurally different our business is as compared to the Trimble of old. And so, I think it's instructive to think about that $1.98 billion of ARR that we closed the year with. And by the way, that's the way we do that calculation. It's averaged across the fourth quarter. So, if you took really the contracted ARR, what we ended with, that would even be higher. So, we woke up on January 1st with that visibility and predictability into the business. We know from the bookings that we closed the fourth quarter with, how that helps accelerate that growth coming in. So, I think it's an important overlay when we look at the business model. And on one axis -- a business models on one axis, and then the overlay of the geographic and end market segments on the other axis to come to a point of view on the macros that support our view on the guide for the year.
Rob Painter: Okay. All right, from -- okay. So, from the realignment on a distribution, there's a few levers there that we work. One is with the C&H aftermarket dealers themselves, and we continue to be able to sign those up as what we refer to internally as retail outlets that work alongside our full-line vantage dealers. So, the sign-ups of the dealers, I'd say, that goes according to plan. And then, with the AGCO realignment coming in with that, I'd say in addition to that, that's been part of the integration planning work that we've got with the team, and we've got a clear line of sight now to how we're going to work with those new partners coming into the mix. So, in terms of the planning work, I would say it's well underway and it's what we need to do to get the business off to the start, we would like to see it get off to.
Rob Painter: And those priorities, if I can add to that to build on David's comment, is for sure to continue on the software businesses as the priority for the work.
Rob Painter: Devin. Hey, good morning. This is Rob. Let me give you my perspective and thoughts on the bookings opportunity we have within the AECO software business. And this is a business now that comes into the year with, call it, in the range of $1 billion of ARR to start with, so of the company's, call it, $2 billion of ARR. So, we're talking some law of large numbers to continue to grow at that double-digit ARR clip, and we have to continue to be able to book at a healthy level. And all of 2023 was evidence of that, and accelerated even into the fourth quarter of 2023. So, we come in with some momentum and confidence around that. The color I'd like to put around that with Trimble Construction One is that it unlocks the cross-sell and up-sell by putting in place a framework that allows our customers to easily scale with us, that in turn unlocks our bundles and the offerings that meet the customers' needs. And so, that then creates an environment where inside the company, we're working together to help scale a customer's usage of our products with a lot less friction that they would have had in the past. And we're seeing faster times to close deals. We're seeing a greater share of wallet share captured when a new logo enters our ecosystem. And one of the things we said in the prepared remarks was that our TC1 agreements have now accelerated to make up 50% of the bookings that we had in the fourth quarter. And those agreements are the basis that powers that cross-sell penetration and that made up 25% of the fourth quarter bookings that we had. Coming into 2024, we'll continue to expand TC1 by rolling it out to more regions, for example, Asia-Pacific, and we'll roll it out into more of the portfolio. For example, that's the "O" and the AECO. So, we play those factors forward. We've got a belief set that we can continue to grow those bookings in the AECO space at a quite healthy double-digit level.
Rob Painter: Yeah. Good question, Devin. So, there is both, it's existing customers and new customers. At the existing customers, for sure, and call it in the construction ERP space, those are uplifts that we've continued to drive, the conversions from on-prem to the cloud. And as you make that transition from on-prem to the cloud, doing more than just a lift and shift actually changing the nature of the offering. And it's not just a pricing mechanism, it's a value-based mechanism because then you can get access to the broader array of what we have to offer our customers. We do continue to see a healthy uplift when we make those conversions above a 2x rate. And then, on the new logos, well actually within -- it's sort of a blur between existing customers and new customers. What we can see from the cross-sell data is that the customers who still predominantly are buying one or two solutions from us are picking up that third, fourth, fifth, depending on the nature of the exact bundle that they're buying from us. And then on a straight new logo basis, we are certainly continuing to see wins from new customers. So really, it's all of the above answer. When you have new customers, of course, there's not an uplift in the equation. It's all straight new revenue.
Rob Painter: And if I can build on David's comment, which is exactly right, in that capital allocation call. So, the capital allocation call within the P&L to continue to put that go-to-market OpEx into the AECO space. One of the things I should have said in the response to one of Devin's questions was when we look at the net retention ratio, we're near 110% in the AECO part of the business. It's a terrific, terrific outcome that the team is driving. We look for -- what's an instructive measurement for us is looking at the customer lifetime value divided by the customer acquisition costs. And what that data is telling us is that we're well above three on that is -- that tells us that is a place to continue to put OpEx into. You don't get an ROI on that OpEx in year one. So there's, call it, a trade-off there is that we're playing the long-term game to continue to fuel that bookings growth, which will generate long-term sustainable ARR growth, and of course, overall revenue growth.
Rob Painter: Yeah, Chad, I'm glad you asked that, and that's a good question. And let's take the what we are calling field systems now. So think of that as the -- in the old segmentation, the Geospatial businesses that we have, predominantly the one you'll know the best is survey, and then we have the machine control business that distributes through our SITECH that traditionally have gone through the B&I segment. So those come together under Field Systems, Ron Bisio is looking after that. I'll give you a demonstrable evidence of a change that we already made. We have one person responsible for sales now for all the Field Systems. One in APAC, one in the Americas, and one in Europe, Middle East and Africa. So, one person in each to call that three. And that would have been six people, because we would have had that duplicated just a few months ago. What that does, beyond just driving some -- just efficiencies that you could expect, it actually also allows us to rethink the allocation of how we use resources. That frees up some capability for us to put time and effort and money and people into ongoing dealer development. So, beyond the chase, the short to mid term numbers is actually having resources that can help our dealers think about a long term business. In some cases, Chad, we have dealers who cover multiple businesses for Trimble. Some do both civil and survey, some do ag and survey, some do ag and survey and civil. And with one set of eyes or one set of accountability overall of those is we can make more cogent decisions about how we make natural trade-offs that will happen between the portfolios. If I look at the product -- that's the go-to-market. If I look at the product side, what it unlocks is, I'd say, more efficiency in how we think about measuring the hardware SKUs that we have. Over the last few years, we've reduced the SKUs by 10% in the company. That drives simplification and underlying systems. We have one view on our GNSS portfolio, for example, that goes across the business, one point of view now on the total stations and the scanners that can be used across multiple parts of the portfolio. So, I think it drives just a lot sharper portfolio thinking when we look at it at the product lens. So, we put that product lens together with a go-to-market lens, and I think that positions us well. I think, this is -- I think, it was time to do it, and the announcement of the JV gave us a reason to really rethink how we did things and to move fast to put it in place. And the teams, they did all the planning work in the fourth quarter and they've come out of the gate, I'd say, quite strong here as a team, as an aligned team with a defined set of OKRs, objectives and key results, that we've defined by each of these major businesses.
Rob Painter: Well, good morning. Hey, thanks for the question. This is Rob, I'll give you the lens I have on it. I think about two axes on this one. One axis is the financial profile of the business, call it, the -- yes, there's a short-term view on the profile and then there's a long-term profile view on a business. And can it meet the expectation of returns that we have, whether it's return on invested capital or accretion at an ARR growth or at an EBITDA level. On the other axis, we'll look at the strategic attractiveness of that. That could involve the competitive position, but it also looks a lot at an individual businesses or product, let's say, capability to make the whole stronger. And if something sits on its own and isn't making the whole of the business stronger, so it doesn't contribute to a stronger Transportation business or a stronger Construction business, then it's not in the -- let's say, in the favorable side -- it's on a less favorable side of my 2x2 that I'm laying out, and the financial one speaks for itself on that 2x2. So, if I look and apply it against the portfolio, one of the things, if I take Field Systems as an example, within that, going back to the financial crisis back in 2008, there was a time when we had to step in and be the ballast for some of the dealers at the company. And we came in and we acquired a few of the dealers. But we're not ultimately long-term the best owners of a distribution business. We really think that belongs with entrepreneurs out in the field, very, very local businesses. So that would be an example of the divestiture we talked about here in just actually the last few weeks, as an example. So, we would look for parts of the business like that, that really we don't see ourselves as the best owner. So, I'll comment there as opposed to specifics within each of the businesses. But I think we can demonstrably say that we've had the courage to take a look in the mirror, as evidenced by 21 of the divestitures in the last few years driving this simplification and this focus, because we think that that drives the efficiency and the output and the outcomes for the company.
Rob Painter: Yeah. So I'm going to stay pretty high level on that because, I think, it'll be more appropriate to take that view when we do the next Investor Day. On the slide, I think it's Slide 5 in the presentation that was attached to the prepared remarks, we did give a sizing of AECO Field Systems and Transportation and Logistics, sizing from a view, and it's plus or minus on the revenue for 2024, and maybe more instructively, at the -- with the software breakdown and the recurring revenue breakdown within each of those segments that we'll have. What I can say on top of that, at company level and what we've talked about in the past is we think we can continue to drive the double-digit level of growth of the annualized recurring revenue. And so, that's number one or two on the top strategic priorities I've got for the company. Field Systems makes up the hardware businesses. That's one, I think is instructive to look back to 2019. And if you look at that longitudinal growth of the CAGR over that timeframe, it is in the range of what we have put forward at prior Investor Days in terms of, call it, at a four to 6%, depending on which part of the business, the survey business we've historically talked about at 4% to 6% level, with some of the other hardware being a little bit higher. But that's what compromises that. So you could look at that past data and I think that 2019 to 2023, or you could extend it into 2024 view, fits within the range. We've got that. And obviously, it's been up or down and the standard deviations have been high within a quarter-to-quarter view. That's why we think it's instructed to look at a long baseline view. And then, you'd come to the Transportation business and what's new of course, since the last time we would have done in -- an analyst model or an Investor Day, would have been the addition of Transporeon into the portfolio. So, I'll give you that view to start with, and let's stay tuned. But maybe one thing that's -- an additional thing I'll say that could be interesting is when we last did the Investor Day, we said by -- if you did the math by 2027, that we would be a 60% recurring revenue business. And if you take David's prepared remarks and guide at a pro forma level, we think we'll be there in 2024. I'll leave you with that.
Rob Painter: Yeah, Rob, thanks for the question. So, let's take them in order with the bookings growth in the fourth quarter, and what is still a difficult market overlay. I think it demonstrates the value proposition that the technology provides, and I had a chance to go to our customer conference in Barcelona in September, and what you see in a room like that, and what you can see on the PowerPoint slides are some of the very largest logos in the world who use our Transporeon technology. It's really quite impressive, whether it's retail or CPG, or packaging or building construction materials. When you look through the different verticals, it's really an impressive array of companies and a difficult market environment while companies can be reluctant to either spend the money or to spend the organizational effort to make a change, to do something different, the fact of the matter is that we can drive efficiencies and productivities -- productivity into our customers. What we see is that our win rates are as high as they've ever been. And so to us, that's an important factor in how we think about the business. And the control of what you can control, and not losing market share is an important metric. And we think that the bookings, while they're less than we would like on an overall annualized basis, I'll be clear on that, within what we've got, that they are showing that we're holding, if not gaining share in the market. So, I do have my gratitude to the team for delivering that and fighting it out every day. And you asked about the spot contract mix and what could that look like on the other side. It's like I heard Jamie Dimon, when asked what's the definition of a recession, he said, it's something that happens every seven years. So, take some version of that quote. If it was actually true, take some version of that quote. We know that the freight markets go up and down. So, the market will -- and it does show signs of having stabilized. Now stabilized is different from increasing. What we can see over a long baseline is that the business out of freight recessions has accelerated strongly coming out of that. And it makes sense, and it's a consumption-based model, is that we would expect if the market inflects, and I'm not making a call that it will inflect in 2024, to be clear, as it inflects, the business just naturally can significantly increase the level of revenue that comes through. And I'd say at a strong double-digit level is what I would expect that to move to. And then, last you asked about at the OEM level and the de-emphasizing of the hardware. I'd say the hardware in the Transportation segment is quite different than the hardware around the rest of Trimble. There is less differentiation in that onboard compute, and these days even more of our own in call them, in-cab hardware devices are close to commercial off the shelf tablets. So, making our own hardware years ago was a unique, differentiated factor and it seamlessly integrated into our full software offering, and you are kind of like one throat to choke, offer the full solution. As that technology landscape changed, it's just not a great place to be. We refer to it internally as the lower calorie -- low-calorie revenue, because there's just not attractive margins or [indiscernible] margins with all of the hardware. Not all of the hardware is equal, but at that OEM level, if OEM wants to value engineer the lowest cost hardware, it's just not a place, I think we're going to ever be the best doing that at some kind of global scale. Thus, looking at the data integration. When we look at the data, OEMs have one set of data that they're interested in, which is frankly different than what customers are interested in to run their businesses. That is to say that data on machine health is extraordinarily valuable to the OEMs. And by the way, it is important to customers, but it usually comes to customer service agreements, whereas customers operate mixed fleets of equipment and the customers are trying to drive their own productivity and efficiency and safety and visibility, and to operate within whatever installed base of technology that they've got. And so, we think that data feed will continue to be necessary both at the -- for the OEM level, but also you need to be able to provide a gateway, so to speak, to be able to bring the customers on to a more fully functional, in this case, telematic solution. And by the way, whether that's Trimble or not Trimble solutions, I think that would be true for the market to have that flexibility. So Rob, I hope that helps provide some color.
David Barnes: Hey, Tami, it's David Barnes. One thing I'll say, just as context, is digital transformations and big process and system projects are really hard, and our experience is no different. We ended 2023 with about 15% of our revenue going through the new digital platform, that's principally the North American AECO software businesses. We've been rethinking the scope and focus of our next phase of digital transformation. We'll go from 15% to probably closer to 35% here in early 2024, and that involves bringing more of our businesses. So, including the e-Builder and Cityworks suites, and then expanding the AECO effort all over the globe. We're right now in the process of rethinking how our digital platform interacts best with our hardware businesses and with transportation. So, I'll be -- I'll hold-off in giving a forecast on how we go from 35% to more of the business. I think, we have a more informed and smarter approach now, and we're rethinking our priorities.
David Barnes: Yeah, that's right. Rob said in his commentary earlier that the AECO business is the tip of the spear. It's where we see the highest, most direct early returns through the digital transformation and TC1 and selling bundles. So, that's where our focus is at the moment.
David Barnes: Yeah. So, as Rob said, structurally, our recurring revenue businesses are higher gross margin, you can see from disclosure, it's about 80% gross margin on the recurring revenue streams versus about 50% on the product stream. So, a lot of the roughly 100 basis point to 200 basis point margin improvement become -- flows directly from the ongoing mix shift of the business. With regard to the 53rd week, we quantified that that'll have about an $85 million revenue benefit for the year, all in the last quarter. The one thing I'll say though, is that's not the only discreet factor that's impacting our business. As I mentioned in my remarks, our business with big government customers, particularly the U.S. federal government, is lumpy from year-to-year. We talked about that as being a good factor earlier in 2023. So, that'll work against us. And then, we're doing model conversions focused on the software that's bundled with hardware. So, if you actually take the change in the federal business and the impact of the model conversions added to the 53rd week, they roughly offset each other. So, my way of looking at the underlying growth momentum of the business, I would say the 53rd week is a positive. Those other factors offset that positive and they're relatively neutral.
David Barnes: Okay. Let me start with the last point. So, when we announced the Ag deal, we said that the impact on a '23 pro forma basis of the divestiture of Ag was about 70 basis points negative to operating margins, so that's where we started, and you can see the '24 outlook in our as-adjusted table. The principal drivers from there, as I mentioned earlier, we're planning on an as-adjusted basis, i.e., without the Ag business in the base, 100 basis points to 200 basis points of margin improvement. One way to think of that, Chad, is essentially all of it is in the gross margin improvement, which is a natural impact of mix. If you drill down a little more, we do have the benefit of cost reduction, but we are adding resources where it's driving growth. In fact, all or slightly more than all of our year-on-year OpEx is in our AECO business, where we had over 30% bookings growth, and we have about 20% ARR growth, we are really allocating our operating capital to pour the coal on that on that business. So, you can think of it as taking the cost reductions we've taken and reallocating it to the highest-return, highest-growth business.
