Steve Berglund: Well, I don't know that we've got, let's call it particularly great insight compared to what is already available to you. But, certainly what we're seeing is that Europe continues to remain generally strong. We look in the direction of Germany, which is being affected by China maybe more than others in terms of its export markets, and whether that will put a damper on investment. But, so far it's holding up. There's, of course, the Brexit issue that will have a specific impact on UK potentially, but then the rest of Europe. So Europe -- but, Europe seems to be comparatively robust with some puts and takes. Brazil. Brazil is a market that's been very strong for us for quite a while in agriculture, but I think we're beginning to get a sense and our belief system is strengthening that Brazil is potentially an upside market relative to the other markets. We now have a position in Transportation in Brazil with the acquisition of Veltec and then we believe that we are seeing kind of call it greater potential for construction. So I think Brazil has a possibility of entering into our dialogue more generally across the company not just in agriculture. So hoping -- Argentina of course is on the other end of that spectrum, which is comparatively troubled at that point in time. But -- and then China, okay China has something of a wait-and-see. I think that even in a diminished growth market in China there are opportunities. Now we are currently in a position where we've got specific issues with some specific OEMs in China. Okay. As we work through those, I think we're back to let's call it the long-term trend line in China. And under normal circumstances I think that we find China attractive even at diminished growth prospects. So I think there's plenty of market there to be had. I think the -- where we're waiting to see about what's actually in any potential U.S.-China trade pack is about relative access. As I said in the script, China is more -- maybe has intensified since the beginning of the trade issues with the U.S. has intensified their relatively preference for local companies, if -- as part of the trade. Any trade agreement that that would re-equalize the level of playing field we would more have confidence. But I think China is just a place of caution at this point in time. Hopefully, we get some clarity in the near future on that relative to at least the trade situation. Japan, we are doing -- is quite an attractive market for us at this point in time in part being boosted by Olympic-related spending and such. But Japan's -- against the 10-year standard is doing quite well at this point in time. South Africa which is always been a relatively strong market for us is struggling at this point in time. So I think I have more or less covered the world there. But -- so I'd say steady as you go. Watching China and of course the U.K. particularly closely at this point.
Steve Berglund: Well, if an infrastructure bill is passed and is truly an infrastructure bill that means roads and bridges and things like that as opposed to let's call it other extraneous spending that sometimes wanders into the infrastructure bill. I think -- I believe there would be an immediate impact for us, because I think that contractors seeing a more certain flow of projects would start to build the capability to effectively compete for those projects. In our view that leads straight back to investment and technology to be able to bid aggressively as well as control the projects. So I think that what we would see before any money actually get spent, we would see an investment by contractors, anticipating the money flow and getting ready to be competitive in the bidding process. So I would see that as the dynamic is that we would not necessarily have to wait. Yes, because when the money starts to flow, it would be enhanced, but I think there would be immediate effect in terms of anticipating and getting ready for money flow.
Steve Berglund: I guess at least in the abstract it would probably in the short term. But, again, I think, the -- at least over time I think our view of what's actually happening is, we put the hardware on the machine. And, okay, the machine hooks into a, let's call it a network, into an information system. And then, subsequent to putting the equipment, the sensors on the machine, if you will, the capabilities on the machine, there's a subsequent software sale. So, actually, I would think over a period of time it would not really alter the equation between hardware and software. If anything, it would probably boost software faster than the hardware. I don't think we've got, let's call it, particularly intricate model of it. But, I think, the hardware feeds the software. The hardware supports the software. And ultimately, we see it more as a software play in the longer term than a hardware play.
Steve Berglund: Well, we certainly have seen an element of buyer's remorse in the market and there's definitely some instances where that's created selling opportunities for our business. As you would expect on the heels of the regulation, there was a lot of capital that came into the market and not necessarily what's a good capital developing good solutions for customers. So that in some cases has created buying or let's say new opportunities for us to -- once a customer has had a taste of the technology and what it can do. And if they want to move up more from a compliance-only into more of a spool stack solution to manage the driver to manage a truck and to manage a fleet that's where we will shine as you move up in functionality.  There's clearly still a lot happening in the market. It's a very dynamic market. The second phase of ELD goes into effect in December. And so it does -- I will say it remains a competitive and busy market for sure. Now, if you look at the portfolio we have kind of reiterating the comment that Steve made about the strategic and an operational alignment we have in the Transportation business. Those -- the business we have both in the back office as well as in the field mobility is under one management team right now working towards more integrated offerings of our of the respective technology suites. And so if you think about whether we call it cross-sell or upsell or integrated selling opportunities this puts us in a position to execute on that better than we've -- better opportunity than we've had at any time in the past. So, we feel good about where we sit there between the teams and the opportunity in front of us. And if there's anything else I can give you color on, I'd be happy to do so.
A – Rob Painter: Sure. So, we shifted – Jerry, we shifted the commentary on the acquisitions, the recent acquisitions to an ARR, in terms of the disclosure going forward. I think given that both businesses are 75 -- more than 75% of recurring revenue. The real metric we think to pay attention to is this recurring -- or excuse me is the ARR that gives you the best sense of how the business is performing. The other -- but in short, to give you just a little bit of flavor of the booking they continue to be strong double-digit growth in year-over-year bookings on Viewpoint and e-Builder. And for a little more color on the SketchUp business, we went into the quarter expecting – well, this is the first quarter of the transition, official transition out of data, went it expecting a higher mix of perpetual to subscription because we do offer both. And it was the inverse. And we really saw the big uptick in the subscriptions. And so I would say it was a nice upside. It really to us at least as an early indicator what appeared to show, that it's a way to increase the size of the addressable market.
A – Rob Painter: Well, good news would be there are no meaningful weaknesses to speak of in the subscription business taking a walk around the company, in the transportation business. We continue to grow the subscription base. Our enterprise offering which is the back office transportation management software is beginning to offer, a subscription model to a customer base. And that allows us to penetrate a part of the market that we think we weren't accessing before. Still very early days, so that's all in that I would say upside from a subscription point of view. When we look at the one I called out as the standout performer was the routing, mapping and navigation software which continues to find its way to new logo acquisition through market segmentation. And the team's done a really nice job of identifying, vertical markets and working backwards from those markets and putting product and go-to-market plans around that. And from -- if I step next into the Resources and Utilities the correction service business we have which is a subscription business continues to grow. And when you look at units there are customer accounts, so healthy growth there in the business. And then, when we go to the Geospatial, it doesn't have meaningful subscription to speak of. So then going to Building, an Infrastructure market and looking at the rest of the software portfolio that we have there particularly in the BIM-related construction software space the really the business overall has performed performing quite well double-digit growth currency neutral, double-digit growth in those businesses. So, really nice set of performances in all I'd say the software businesses in aggregate and double-clicking on that within subscription in particular.
A – Rob Painter: Well, our belief that, would be that there is a higher degree of resilience in that revenue stream for starters. Of course we'd say if you take ARR at $1.07 billion coming out of the quarter, we've got line of sight to that $1.07 billion 12 months forward. Now what you have to do, of course, there is to retain that revenue base and -- which is a way of saying don't turn that revenue base if there were to be a bigger pocket -- air pocket in the economy. But at some level, time will tell how the resilience holds up. But from our view that we have of it right now we feel like -- and our track record would suggest that we have a very high degree of retention. You've heard me talk before about the Viewpoint and e-Builder businesses where our net retention ratio is greater than 100% so we're penetrating existing customers and cross-selling greater than return customers which is a really incredible part of those business models of those two businesses. So, in aggregate, Jerry, I would say the resilience factor is markedly higher in that revenue stream as opposed to others and we have still evidence of that in the quarter. I mean, clearly, the hardware growth was lower than that of the software and the perpetual software growth was lower than that of the subscription.
A – Rob Painter: So the -- well actually one of the disclosures posed in the 606 shows the backlog. So there's a backlog of over $1 billion that's disclosed in the Q and it shows a breakdown over tranches of time. I think 76%, 78% of that is within 12 or so months. So there's a -- and that backlog is backlog that's contracted backlog. And as I said, contracted and unbilled backlog
A – Rob Painter: Well, from a incremental growth out of the cross-selling, I would say we're in very, very early innings of that opportunity for us. What we have done and I think we've probably talked a little bit about this before as we think about it both from a product aspect as well as a go-to-market aspect and of course both of those work backwards from the strategy we have of project delivery in the construction space from a product perspective to give you a little flavor of -- a couple of examples in the quarter of some integrations that we and workflows that we now have between let's say between e-Builder, Viewpoint and the traditional Trimble solutions. For example we released an integration between our estimating product and mechanical electrical plumbing space and the ERP from Viewpoint. And so what that means now is that the ERP can consume the estimate that's been established. And once you've consumed -- the ERP has consumed that estimate, now when you break that down into the project budget and you're breaking down line item codes by -- line item cost by phase code and actually also working all the way through out to the buyout lists, you're able to have a really nice integration between the estimating system and the job costing system. We had a proof of concept as another example released with the telematics equipment we have in the construction site with the back office and that's because the back office is managing again the job costs as well as the cost -- say the cost management can now connect to the utilization of the field equipment in the field. And from a -- a third example of -- and this is really between e-Builder and Viewpoint is an ability for contractors and owners to exchange information seamlessly. And what that's allowing them to do is better connect the supply chains and eliminate the data entry between the two systems. So there's good things happening on the product side. And on the go-to-market site what we had already done a couple of quarters ago was compare the customer list and the customer opportunities. So call that sort of Stage one effort the basics of that comparison. And then from there we put in -- I think it was last quarter cross -- or two quarters ago cross-selling spiffs for the sales teams to cross-sell one another's products. We've seen a few million dollars of activity from that but very early stage. As these product integrations really mature this gives us an opportunity to really put the pedal down more on the go-to-market side. So that's a long answer to your question. The nice organic growth that was produced wasn't on the back of the integration efforts yet and so we see that as opportunity for us to step into -- in let's say a reasonably short timeframe.
Rob Painter: There're probably a couple of things in there to unpack. I'd start by saying, really, it's largely in line with the expectations we had coming into the quarter when we look at the margins by the reporting segments. One thing to -- I'll say to note in the business model, as we become more software-centric is, R&D arguably is a proxy for cost of goods sold. And so, for software companies, we would tend to expect to see higher gross margin and -- but at the same time some higher OpEx on -- let's say, on a comparable basis versus our hardware businesses, so just one thing to note in terms of the mix that we might see going forward. You clearly saw the 100 -- or the 90 bps of improvement on the gross margins on a year-over-year basis, which would reflect that. Some of the OpEx, of course, now in B&I segment you're going to see the Viewpoint in the quarter in 2019 that you wouldn't have seen in 2018. So that would make it really difficult around a comparison that's tough to make. Otherwise, when you step through the other segments, the Transportation is as we expected. We have been spending more on R&D in that area and that's been intentional there. And then where Geospatial would have looked a little off on a model would have been a shortfall on the OEM-centric revenue within the Geospatial.
Rob Painter: So there's the risk -- answer the last part first. There is still a slight drag on a year-over-year basis. The -- that business was in line with our expectations for the quarter though. So there wasn't any surprise there for us whereas we did have some surprise to the downside in the back half of last year. But the comp is a tough comp for us in that business. The thing -- one of the things to note about the federal business is that a good amount of the Fed business is program-driven. And so the timing of when a program hits and delivers can vary year-to-year quarter-to-quarter, a quarterly view only of federal business is inherently incomplete and could lead to conclusions too good or too negative one way or the other depending on the comparable. So the main thing I'd want to hear on the Fed business is it was as is expected. When you look at it on with comparable basis on a year-over-year, what would have masked in aggregate is that the field sales which is that aftermarket when we talked about 85% of our revenue is Trimble is serving the end-user. That business was strong for us and civil construction was up double-digit year-over-year as was the building construction and the BIM-centric software businesses in constant currency basis double-digit growers. So very good performance at the end-user level on both segments.
Rob Painter: I think it is a reasonable assumption Gal that the working capital would continue to go down. Now it's already quite low. It's at 3% of revenue. So if that heads closer to 0 or negative that's possible. I don't know that that would be fundamental shift for us. I think one thing we would keep in mind we would be looking at as we move more to subscription businesses from the payment term perspective for billing annually versus quarterly that could have dynamics on the cash over time as opposed to let's say perpetual license, if I'm taking that revenue all upfront. So the way in which we bill the customers, we would pay attention to that. But the general business model does tend to be a prepayment and therefore a pickup in deferred.
Rob Painter: Yes. There's an element of the integrated offering that takes us to really cloud offering to be able to connect supply and demand in the transportation space as well as the ELD work itself certainly still continues to drive some incremental R&D for that business.
Rob Painter: It's more the case of bounce back but there are certainly some cases where we may -- the business may move and that's -- can be the nature of the OEM business and why we favor so much the end-user businesses that we have. I know Rob you wouldn't -- I wouldn't expect you to remember this, but for others on the call, in the old reporting segments that we had, we had a segment called advanced devices and I think selling board level chipsets for example really actually going back to the 40-year history of Trimble. And so we had businesses in that old advanced devices. If we still had that reporting segmentation, it would have looked like some of the businesses in there that we were referencing on the call today. So, the short answer Rob is there's a little bit of both in that comment. Now, what I'd want you to also hear is that when we talk about the OEM businesses the OEM business are associated with our vertical market. So, say OEM business we have in transportation or in agriculture or in construction those businesses -- those OEM businesses all did well and generally in aggregate met the expectations that we had. It was more of the OEM businesses that are really more in a -- more of a component of OEM business where we saw less revenue than expected.
