Steven W. Berglund: Sure. I think it's, again, hard to be specific and hard to being particularly articulate on the subject because I think there are an awful lot of moving parts. I would, in general, say that Europe, against a standard of 6 months ago or even 3 months ago, I think Europe has probably split a bit in terms of -- outlook is, I think, it's no longer just a southern European phenomenon. I think Germany and the Nordic countries, which have been relatively bouyant throughout are now starting to see, I think, more of a bout of uncertainty than necessarily hard recession. So I think investment decisions are being postponed, being deferred or being reconsidered, waiting for some clarity, clarity in terms of resolution of the euro crisis. So I think net-net I would say that Europe is probably a bit worse off than I would've said 6 or 9 months ago. U.S. I think is still very much frozen by uncertainty as well. I think the election is causing some degree of deferral of decision-making. I think the -- the fiscal cliff I think hangs over a lot of things and I think is affecting the investment environment. But I would say in general, for us, maybe not quite so macro, a little bit more micro. I would say is there are probably -- kind of discounting the possibility of the fiscal cliff and the knockon effects from that, I would say is that the U.S. is probably somewhat better than it would have been 3 or 6 or 9 months ago largely because I think that the early anecdotes of some revival in commercial and residential are now being supported by a little bit more data. And as a result, I think that, that provides some potential upside for us. Now, how robust that will be and how captive that will be to the larger bouts of uncertainty, I can't tell. And I would say the rest of the world is generally positive. I think that we've seen, let's call it, improved stability out of China. I think that China is -- we still regard it as both a short-term and long-term growth market. And I think there has been, let's call it, improved stability in China, and I would say, in general, pretty much every other geography has got a fairly positive story associated with it.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. So I think that Survey -- without getting too categorical here since we don't disclose at that level. Survey year-to-year was comparatively flattish. And I would -- and a lot of that came out of Europe. And again it's the sense of uncertainty. People in Europe, and I would also argue in the U.S., are -- if they have a discretionary investment decision to make, they have a higher propensity simply to say, "I'll wait a month, I'll wait a quarter just to see if I can get a little bit more information before making that investment decision." So I think that's what we're encountering there. So I think offsetting that is we announced the new GNSS survey instrument at the Intergeo show early in October. That has been very well-received. So I think that we will bounce back in Survey starting in the fourth quarter. So again, I think it's simply a phenomenon of this uncertainty impacting individual investment decisions in a number of different geographies.
Steven W. Berglund: Really in mining is -- first of all, in the quarter, we actually booked a comparatively -- booked and recognized revenue for a relatively large mining order. So it did have an incremental effect, a positive effect on us in the quarter. In general, I would say, mining kind of statistically, is a secondary market for us. It pales in comparison to construction. And in reality in terms of mining automation, we have typically used out of the joint venture, that is, typically use Caterpillar distribution to access the mines. So mining really is something of a secondary market for us, at this point in time. Now we also would view mining as an emerging market. So we are investing resources in terms of bringing new solutions to mining. But I would tend to put that in the future category more so than anything that is routinely playing a significant role in our financial results at this point.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, I think it varies according to category. So it is now, with the addition of PeopleNet and certainly TMW, what we would call the transportation and logistics market, what we're referring to T&L, transportation and logistics. Hence, be relatively focused in long-haul trucks. And so Qualcomm has been and remains the primary competitor in that realm. So I would say the competitive dynamics there are not all that dynamic. Now in regional fleets or maybe more focused, more local fleets, there are a number of startups or relatively early-stage companies that have announced solutions. Again, many of them are in what I would tend to refer to as kind of the track and trace or dot on the map sort of functionality, whereas we're quite aggressively attempting to integrate with the enterprise. So yes, towards the lower end of the markets, there's more competition. But in the niches, in the segments that we're targeting, I would say at this point in time, there really has been no net change in our competitive view in the last -- say, in the last year.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, generally, we're opposed to natural disasters. I guess this is our official statement. But I could argue this one either way and it's hard to tell what the net effect is. So clearly -- I would say probably for the next weeks, maybe a month, I would say that the effect will generally be negative simply because it's disruptive. It has disrupted our channel, has disrupted in the Northeast a lot of kind of activity that would be leading to revenue here in the next 3 to 4 weeks. So I would say in the short term, it's negative. In the longer term, there's certainly going to be a lot of rebuilding. There's going to be a lot of either insurance-driven or government-driven expenditures. A lot of that will pull demand for us. So I would say next month -- and this is largely supposition on my part. There's not a whole lot of science here. I would say for the next month, probably negative. After that point in time, probably positive. But real hard to say what the net effects will be for this quarter or really for the next 6 months. But probably, I would lean over the next 3 or 6 months as it being a positive effect. But again, not a whole lot of science in that view.
Steven W. Berglund: Sure. So I'll be less than clear in terms of commenting specifically on kind of results coming out of the relationship with CNH. I don't feel like I can be that specific. But I would say is, to a fair extent, the fact that we had a relatively bouyant quarter in the third quarter would most likely be indicative of what's going on out of the CNH relationship. So I think the CNH relationship was reset in 2011 and extended and, in some ways, reinforced. But to your second question, that's relevant because out of that, we gained greater contractual access to other OEMs. So I think the one that's been public, been made public, is the alliance with CLAAS, which is an OEM arrangement there, and that is progressing quite well. So the answer is, by implication, yes. Things are going well with CNH. And more specifically, yes, we do have the ability to go out and seek other OEM partners, and CLAAS represents one visible outcome of doing that.
Steven W. Berglund: Sure. So I think, as I said in the scripted dialogue, that we're seeing, in terms of the elements that speak to the Connected Farm, particularly the [Audio Gap] products, those are -- the growth rates we're seeing, albeit from a relatively low dollar base, the growth rates we're seeing there are consistently out-running [ph] the growth rates of the mainline agricultural products, which is I think indicative. I think, from an organizational standpoint, is the Connected Farm aspects and kind of the information realm in agriculture is both strategically becoming more central. And then in terms of engagement with the channel, engagement with the end-user community, it's becoming more and more central. So I would believe that there's quite a bit of momentum that is being created fairly recently over the last 3, 6, 9 months. So it has become more central. Now as far as competition at that realm, without being too flip about that, I think it's a category that's in the process of being defined. And there are -- the market really hasn't formed out. Now obviously, you see that some of the equipment manufacturers making statements. You see some of the seed providers making statements about whatever the vernacular might be at that moment in time about the Connected Farm. But I think that the market is forming out at this point in time. I think there is the perception that there is really a very large market relative to providing advice, information and the like to the farmer. And I think that, over the next few years, the market will form out. But I think it's still early days in terms of who's competitor, who's collaborator. And -- but I think the market is forming out. We believe we would be central in the formation of that new market. But as yet, it's still early days to really be talking about kind of what the competitive mix is.
Steven W. Berglund: Yes, so as I said in the scripted part of this, is that if we could freeze in time today, today's circumstances. Let's call it a weak Europe, kind of an indifferent U.S. and most other parts of the world bouncing along in reasonably good shape. I would see, given that, is I would see a double-digit organic growth year for us in 2013. Now we will get some acquisition lift from TMW and a couple of others during the course of the year. But I would definitely see 2 digits in the number. Now I think we're being a little shy in trying anything more specific on that simply because, if nothing else, the U.S. election and the resulting resolution of the fiscal cliff stuff, I think, is going to have some knock-on effects into 2013. So we're being a little shy about being terribly specific. But certainly, our internal planning at this point in time, with the assumption of kind of frozen conditions continuing into 2013, certainly reflects a double-digit growth number. So yes. But I would generally agree with the presumption that if the underlying markets are flat, if the underlying equipment markets are flat, we should be able to outperform them significantly. Because the other factor that I think is becoming more and more real, it grew during 2012 and I think will continue into 2013 quite persuasively, is that the players, whether they be contractors, construction contractors or whether they be trucking firms or whether they be farmers, I think there is a recognition that technology really is central to their ability to compete. We are seeing examples that we can't talk about. U.S. sugar for example, in agriculture is one we can talk about because there was a press release. They are saying technology is becoming central to their ability to compete. And as a result, is unlike prior periods where it was nice to have and may be early adopter phase sort of thinking, here I think it's becoming viewed as survival. It is becoming viewed as the only way to succeed in difficult markets. So I think from an adoption perspective, I see that the momentum for adoption of the technology is growing at a level that I've never seen in my 13 years at Trimble.
Steven W. Berglund: Again, it's spotty. We are seeing it. I'll let Raj speak to the European growth numbers, which -- because -- that were specific product categories. But go ahead.
Steven W. Berglund: Well, the answer probably both at this point in time is that we're kind of in the final throes of building up the SITECHs. They are contributing at both, what I would call, the strategic level and in terms of financial performance. So I think at the strategic level, it is a powerful concept. I think it is helping us in terms of fundamental market positioning. I think it's difficult to competitively counteract the effect of the SITECHs because one channel that's branded commonly around the world that really is hopefully, over time, becomes synonymous with bringing technology into particularly the heavily civil markets out there. So I think strategically, it's not -- kind of building the channel has not been without pain, obviously. But I think we're seeing the benefits strategically. And then from a financial perspective, our continuing comparatively robust results in heavy civil, the heavy and highway type business. The underlying basis for that is what's called a highly capable channel, and we've got that in SITECH. So I would say is, it has contributed and I think that, going forward, we haven't reached steady-state yet. So I think there's still -- as we develop the concept, as we complete the buildout of it and as we become more proficient in the channel, I think there's still additional upside that we can achieve through the SITECHs, so...
Steven W. Berglund: Yes. As I said before, last year was a difficult year for rail in China. Again we're back to comparatively a steadier state. I think the change in government probably has led to some conservatism in terms of buying patterns in China through the course of 2012. But I would say I don't know if it's back to normal, as defined in a 2010 sense or something, but I think rail is definitely a function again from kind of some of the problems of 2011. So, yes.
