Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide two. To open today's discussion, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on what our company has accomplished over the past seven years. We've consistently outperformed against the market and our peers, doubling our share price over that time frame. We undertook a radical transformation agenda, dramatically simplifying and digitizing our operations and supply chain, resulting in a much more contemporary company, which is a platform for growth. We launched our software business, Honeywell Connected Enterprise, that continues to generate not only value for our customers, but accretive growth and profitability for Honeywell. We also reshaped the portfolio, spinning off three sizable businesses, while selling to others and adding 16 successful acquisitions, reducing cyclicality and enhancing our margins. We reconfigured our strategic business groups to better align with end-market opportunities and customer needs. We built that culture of innovation that's led to significant new breakthrough technologies and an ultimately meaningfully stronger organic growth. Last, and I'm not breaking any news here, this will be my last earnings call as the CEO of Honeywell, as Vimal transitions into the CEO role in just over a month, and I become Executive Chairman. It's a great example of the emphasis Honeywell places on leadership development and succession plan. With his decades of experience and success leading businesses across our portfolio, Vimal is absolutely the right person to take on the CEO mantle for Honeywell into the next phase of our transformation. I look forward to supporting him over the next year, providing him with additional bandwidth by helping with mergers and acquisitions activity, spending time with customers and strategic planning. Our future is bright. With that said, the present is pretty good, too. Let's turn to slide three to discuss our first quarter performance. We delivered a very strong first quarter, exceeding the high end of our first quarter organic sales, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share guidance. Despite ongoing macroeconomic challenges, I'm pleased with our disciplined execution and differentiated technologies to enable us to over deliver on our commitments. First quarter organic sales were up 8% year-over-year, led by double-digit growth in our Aerospace and PMT businesses, underpinned by a rigorous operational execution. The first quarter backlog grew to a new record of $30.3 billion, up 6% year-over-year and 2% sequentially, due to continued strength in Aerospace and Performance Materials and Technologies. Similar to last quarter, orders remained a very positive story in Aero and PMT, up double digits organically in each, leading to 1% organic growth and 8% sequential growth overall in the first quarter, overcoming the difficult year-over-year comps in HBT and SPS. We remain confident in our 2023 setup, as we capitalize on recovering end markets combined with solid operational execution. Our segment margin expanded 90 basis points year-over-year, led by robust expansion in Safety and Productivity Solutions and Honeywell Building Technologies, as our strategic pricing actions enable us to remain ahead of the inflation curve and we benefit from our productivity actions. Excluding the net impact of the settlements, as we discussed in our guide, free cash flow was $300 million in the first quarter, in line with our expectations and operationally stronger than 2022. We deployed $1.6 billion to dividends, growth CapEx and share repurchases, including opportunistically repurchasing the same 3.5 million shares throughout the quarter, reducing our weighted average share count to 673 million. We also announced the acquisition of Compressor Controls Corporation this week, which Vimal will provide more detail on shortly. Looking forward, I am encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio. We continue to execute on our proven value-creation framework, which is underpinned by our Accelerator operating system. I am proud of our ability to over-deliver another quarter amidst a challenging external environment. Next, let's turn to Vimal to discuss some exciting recent announcements.
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Greg. In summary, we're off to a strong start to 2023, over delivering across the board versus our guidance, allowing us to meaningfully raise our full year guidance for organic growth, segment margin and earnings per share. Our value-creation framework is working. The macro economy remains uncertain, but we continue to grow our record backlog, and executing at it provides significant runway in the near term. Honeywell remains well positioned to outperform in any environment. Thank you to all of our Honeywell colleagues who continue to drive differentiated performance for our customers and shareholders. With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, Julian, if you actually look at the historical revenue step from Q1 to Q2, it's very much in line with what we've done historically. Last year was a bit of an anomaly given that it was more heavily impacted by some of our supply chain challenges. But if you look at this, the historical graduation from Q1 to Q2, it's very much consistent and in line with that, if you look at the prior year averages.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. So I mean, let's take this piece by piece. And in terms of PSS, I mean, we've actually seeing sequential improvement off of Q4. So we think that, that business is back on the rise, and we saw that sequentially. So I think that, that's very much consistent with our assumptions and is very much in line of our expectations. When it comes to IGS, that was -- that's still -- that market continues to be relatively soft. But having said that, our quote activity and our opportunity activity is significantly increasing for Q2, Q3 and Q4. Because as we look forward in the pipeline, that continues to get better and better. So we're cautiously optimistic that we're going to see much better order trends as we head into the last three quarters of the year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I mean, in terms of our framework, you've got to remember, we are holding to the framework of 1% minimum buyback per year on average. And we've done that. We've stuck to that. And I think that, that's very -- the $10 billion authorization continues to underpin that kind of an algorithm. So I think I wouldn't look too much or too little into it. They're just supportive of that. And we're going to continue to buy back shares as we see the price aggressively, and we'll do at least 1%. On the M&A, which I think is the more important question, is I think I've always said, there's time to be a buyer and there's a time to be a seller. I have not seen a better time, at least as I've been CEO, to be a buyer. I know you saw one deal we did this past week. I think that it's an opportunity for us to be much more active. The pipeline is probably better than it's ever been. And I think we've got some interesting bolt-ons that we're looking at that hopefully we're going to be able to close here in the next few months.
Darius Adamczyk: No. I mean, I think, we said the bolt-on for us is up to $5 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion range. So I would say that, that's decent in size. The reason I'm more bullish is, look, the cost of money has gone up significant. I mean, you see the interest rates. And frankly, the competition is different. The competition for assets now is primarily strategic. A lot of the PE activity is not -- I wouldn't say, it's non-existent, but it's not as nearly as strong as it used to be. And I think it's smart to be a buyer or a seller in various cycles of economic conditions and interest rates. And I think right now, I think it's smart to be a little bit more aggressive on being a buyer.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, I think, you saw kind of a 6:2 [ph] mix as we move forward. I think, frankly, we're still projecting to be about a 4% price impact for the year. So, obviously, pricing is going to become a bit tougher in the second half of the year as we kind of lap some of those comps. But, overall, pricing is going to continue to be a significant value driver for our results, given the differentiation and the technologies that we have within our portfolio. So that's kind of how we see the setup, obviously, coming off of 6% and projecting 4% for the year if we expect something a bit lower in the second half. But that's all very much move in the algorithm that we expected for the year and actually gain confidence in that algorithm given our -- we raised both in the bottom and top end of our ranges. I don't know. And Greg, if you want to -- 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. So let me kind of start with the first part of your question. I think as we look at our output, so range is depending upon whether it's avionics or some of the mechanical things, were up anywhere from 20- to 40-plus percent. So I think we're actually very pleased in terms of the output. Like, I can assure you that in terms of the bottlenecks, it's not Honeywell. It's not sort of throughput to our facility. So we have a lot of issues with our supply base as well and frankly, some of those being large public companies. I'm not going to sit here and call them out on a call like this. Frankly, it's our responsibility, and it's our job to deliver. And I'm not going to use somebody else as an excuse for us not delivering. That's our job to manage. And frankly, the earnings call is not the right place to actually have those kinds of discussions. So we're going to work at it. We own it. I know the supply chain in Aerospace is not perfect. It's getting better and it's getting better relatively quickly, probably even better than we anticipated. But there's work to do. And there's four or five layers of the supply chain. And what we're seeing and feeling flows down to our suppliers we're still getting some very inconsistent supply base. I mean, our decommit rate went from being 19%, 20% Q4 down to 15%, but 15% is still not good. But improving and we're making those improvements, and we've launched hundred -- and I mean, literally hundreds of people into our supply chain to assist our suppliers and, frankly, probably put more time and effort to be responsive to the needs of our OE base. And I don't know, Greg.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And the other factor is that we're gaining more and more confidence in output out of Aerospace. I mean we're continuing to grow. It's the work that we've done in terms of mending the supply chain is producing results. I quoted some of the year-over-year numbers earlier. And we expect that progress to continue and even accelerate, particularly as we get into the back half of the year. So we're very confident in our outlook for the growth that we have and looking forward for signs and especially order rates for HPT to see what that looks like. Because obviously, our Q1 results there were also better than expectations, both in terms of revenue as well as orders. So we'll see how Q2 goes, and that may offer some further upside.
Darius Adamczyk: Once more, I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. I valued our dialogue over the past seven years. Also want to thank the entire Honeywell family, including our colleagues, both present and past. We've built a tremendous company over the past two decades, and it's thanks to all your hard work and perseverance. It has been an honor to be able to lead this company. We delivered outstanding first quarter results. More importantly, I have the utmost confidence that we'll continue to do so in the future under Vimal's leadership with the typical level of operational rigor you've come to expect from Honeywell. This company's best days remain ahead of us, and we look forward to discussing this further at our upcoming Investor Day next month. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy. 
Greg Lewis: No, I think you hit it. I mean the second quarter is going to be really nice results, I think, across the portfolio, albeit we're just coming off of four quarters of significantly strong double-digit growth in PMT for four straight quarters, HPT at high single digits for three to four straight quarters. So -- but the underlying business performance going forward is going to be really healthy.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. When you look at EPS sales, I mean, we're going to be roughly in line with normal percentage of the year in those quarters. This year and last year, a little bit heavier in the back half. This year, a little less so, but it's not going to look out of the norm.
Greg Lewis: Well, you're asking about many different metrics Steve. So it depends on which one you're talking about.
Greg Lewis: We're -- I mean when you look at it right now, we're going to have a little bit of a heavier back end of the year. Fourth quarter will probably be bigger than second and third, but the second and third will be within spitting distance of one another round about.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. No, I mean, we've grown anywhere from 4% to 7% quarter-to-quarter sequentially. This guide has us right in like the 3% to 4% range. Last year, we had a really big step-up in PMT. It's a little bit less in Q2 this year. But again, very much within historical parameters. And from a margin perspective, again, last year, we went down in margin rates from Q1 to Q2. So our guide is solidly within our Q1 performance. I think at the top end, we're up 20 basis points. At the bottom end, we're down 20. So it's frankly right in the norm. So I wouldn't read too much into it.
Greg Lewis: Sure. Let me take that. So if you think about our guidance 90 days ago, we talked about really three specific risks that we were watching. One was China with Chinese New Year and concerns about whether everyone was going to go home and then come back and wind up with lockdowns in China. It didn't happen. Things turned out quite well. There was really no disruption in China at all. Second one was really, again, Aerospace and where we're going to get a substantial sequential improvement in output, and we did. We were up 20% in our output in Aerospace year-over-year, which was above the high-end of our guidance and was quite strong. And then the third one is PMT. And we talked about the fact that, in December, we had some challenges with the freeze in the Louisiana area with some of our factories there, and we had an outage early January, which we needed to shut down a plant and bring it back up again, and it came up quite well and in fact, on time. And after the plant was restored, it was operating at levels that were greater than before the outage even occurred. And so that's why what you're seeing is essentially PMT and Aerospace, in particular, drove probably over $100 million each, on the top-end of our own guide in terms of the revenue outlook. So those are things that we were conscious of and we're watching and managing where we could, and things turned out quite well. So that was really good. And then again, as you mentioned, accounts receivable goes up. As you recall, 50% of our revenues in any quarter in the last month of the quarter, we had a really strong revenue performance. ARR goes up, and we've got a lot of receivables here to collect in April, and I'm sure that will bode well for strong cash here in Q2.
Greg Lewis: Hey Scott, real quick, just what you saw with the $10 billion authorization, that is like what we always do. We work our authorization down to about a $2 billion range. And then we, frankly, almost as a matter, of course, re-up it to $8 billion or $10 billion. And so you should view that as us just doing our normal re-staffing of our buyback authorization to give us the flexibility that we always have. So there was nothing abnormal in that at all in terms of the cycle of the way we operate. But I'm sure Darius will talk about the capital allocation aspect.
Greg Lewis: Yes. No, I think you said that, this is not really that different from what we talked about, and we have positive price every quarter of this year. So no concerns in that. Again, we've talked about it for the last six, nine months. As inflation settles down a little bit, there are going to be pockets where it won't be as necessary as it was a year ago. And so, that's what you're seeing now. 
Greg Lewis: Yeah, on the incentive side, we're not making any adjustment to our expectations as far as that is concerned. It's still very early in the year. As far as we know, OE deliveries are still going to be roughly in the range of what we had anticipated as we opened the year. And like you said, we expect this year is probably the peak. And then it's going to flatten out or come down slightly next year but still be relatively high. Should that shift left to right a little bit, we'll see. But at this moment, we're keeping our expectations as they were. 
Greg Lewis: Yeah, sure. I mean think about it this way. The first and most basic one is volume leverage, right? We are very much in control of our fixed cost, and revenue is going to go up each and every quarter sequentially, and it will have a crescendo and probably the highest quarter in Q4. So just by that alone, we're going to get some volume leverage. So there's not like any big changes from one quarter to the next that I would call out from a mix perspective. Now, again, that can always fluctuate as time goes by. But the single biggest thing that you should expect is really around volume leverage. It's fairly simple.
Greg Lewis: Sure. Again, what I would tell you is, Aerospace, we expect now to have some really nice sequential organic growth as the year progresses, which is it's going to be a big level of support for us overall. Back to 2Q of -- it's very much in line with kind of our historical trends. And so we feel good about the guided range that we're at. In terms of the back end of the year as far as PMT is concerned, I think we'll have a really strong back half there as well. SPS will get actually sequentially a little bit easier as the year goes by. So we'll probably hit the heights of our declines here in the first half, and the second half will get a little bit easier, and that will take a little bit of pressure off the overall portfolio. So I think we're going to see really nice growth throughout the portfolio in three out of the four businesses, and the easing of the SPS comps will help. 
Vimal Kapur: Yeah. No, I think Darius put it quite well. Look, this is -- IGS revenue for this year is already locked given the long-natured of the business here, really working hard to secure good base of orders for 2023 so that we can print a good year for 2024 ahead. And we remain -- one thing I can assure, we're not going to lose share. So it's more on the market. And as market recovers, we will get our fair share of demand.
Vimal Kapur: I think one point I wanted to add was the -- that the diversity of our portfolio in Aero is quite unique. We supply engines, avionics, navigation equipment, lighting, brakes, the list goes on. So due to diversity, our volume is growing overall, but there could be some category where the growth is slightly less versus others. And I think that puts us in a unique position on how we get viewed by our customers because they obviously want growth to occur consistently across all product lines. So I want to have that appreciation that our diversity is one of the unique factors compared to our peer group here. 
Vimal Kapur: Yeah. So overall, our performance on aftermarket has been double digits for last couple of years, including this year. In fact, we are performing extremely well, I would say, in high-teens. So we are at a point, to your question on the mix now, two-thirds, one-thirds. I think we are going towards that mix now, which is a start. I mean, this business is 7, 8 years old. So if you roll the dice 15 years from now, the mix will be probably more in favor of aftermarket as we are -- experience in other parts of Honeywell. But it's trending, very frankly, better than our thesis, consistently north of 15%. And we are pretty pleased with that, and margins are pretty attractive.
