Elena Doom: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and this webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We also identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the first quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our outlook for the second quarter and updated full year 2012 and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Thanks, Dave. So Stephanie, we now like to open up the line for our first question. [Operator Instructions]
Elena Doom: Sure. So, Deane, Security and HSM are obviously strong globally. But in the Americas, they've been particularly strong. We were -- we saw growth in the Security business in the double-digit -- low double-digit range in the first quarter organically, largely driven by North America Intrusion, which was up in the 15% to 20% range in the quarter. And Scanning & Mobility up in the mid-20s organically within the U.S. So very strong performance. The performance in China and in Europe, in particular, is a bit more muted. But within Security and Scanning & Mobility, actually down slightly organically in the quarter within those regions.
Elena Doom: But I would say, the avionic side has been strong, too, with the RMU growth that we've seen over the last 4 or 5 quarters.
Elena Doom: On pricing, net across the company, Elana, it was about 1.5% of the top line from a price cost headwind. We can spend some more time offline going through the business, but it was obviously net positive for the company in terms of margins.
Elena Doom: It's in -- it's about $80 million to $90 million of headwind in 2012. And obviously, we haven't disclosed or -- and it got enough for roll off obviously in the Inmarsat deal, and it's nearly -- there's obviously some new puts and takes to it. So I think that's -- we'll be forthcoming in terms of the outlook for 2013.
David M. Cote: What a wonderful start to 2012. We had better-than-expected performance across a number of our different businesses, driving EPS above the top end of our guidance range, and it is great to start with such a nice burst of cabbage. Sales were strong at $9.3 billion, representing 7% reported growth, and that's on top of good growth last year. Organic growth of 6% was also strong. This performance in a more challenging macro environment underscores the value of the diversity of opportunity across our businesses, short- and long-cycle exposure, our products and services and geographies. As expected, our short-cycle businesses posted slower growth this quarter, particularly in Europe and, to a lesser extent, China. However, our long-cycle businesses, particularly Commercial Aerospace and UOP, overdrove expectations. We also saw terrific margin expansion in the quarter, with segment margins up 70 basis points to 15.2%, with strong sales conversion across the portfolio. As we highlighted in our March Investor Conference, we've made margin growth a bigger element of how we incentivize our people, so everyone's focused on it and interests are aligned. Given the strength of our first quarter financial performance, we are raising our full year guidance $0.05 on the high end and $0.10 on the low end. We now expect earnings to be in the range of $4.35 to $4.55 per share, up approximately 9% to 14% versus prior year on a continuing ops basis, meaning adjusting for the CPG divestiture. We think this represents a very strong outlook for the year. And while we recognize the macro uncertainties that remain ahead, we are confident in our ability to continue executing on growth and productivity opportunities. As part of that execution mainstay, our seed planting initiatives have paved the way for exciting new wins, including an exclusive agreement with Inmarsat, a global satellite service provider, to provide airlines and OEMs all of the onboard hardware needed to access Inmarsat's Internet connectivity service. Global online services for commercial, biz av and government customers will be available in 2014, and the contract is valued at an estimated $2.8 billion over the next few decades. We acquired EMS Technologies looking at the trends around aircraft connectivity. And so far, that's paid off really well. With a combination of their broad technology offering and our execution capabilities, we emerged the perfect partner to launch the Inmarsat global connectivity network. Our Aero team did just a great job. And in ACS, Building Solutions launched Attune, a suite of professional services that combines cloud-based tools and analytics to help owners and operators reduce energy bills by as much as 20%. And we're seeing terrific uptake. And in PMT, we continue to invest in high ROI projects, including, this quarter, the expansion of a UOP absorbent and catalyst facility, focused on the removal of radioactive material from liquids. These are currently being used in Japan in response to last year's nuclear disaster. The expansion also supports the production of a new absorbent and catalyst used by petrochemical producers and refiners. So in summary, we're off to a great start in 2012 despite the more challenging macro environment. And while our shorter-cycle businesses have seen an impact from the slowdowns in Europe and China, we're encouraged by the strength we're seeing in the U.S., other high-growth regions and long-cycle. New product introductions have also helped our shorter-cycle businesses grow faster than the markets served, which, coupled with accelerating growth in our longer-cycle businesses, is leading to top-tier organic growth. We're going to keep doing the things we consistently talk about, including seed planting for growth and focusing on our key process initiatives and continued strength of execution. In other words, staying hungry, smart, disciplined and flexible. So with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David M. Cote: Well, the way I think about it is we're winning a lot. And just seeing the Inmarsat one, which is not one we would have forecasted 6 months ago, it's one the guys had started working on, we continue to win stuff. And I guess all I'd say is it's just one of those things that we're going to manage in the total context of Aero. We're sure going to find a way to support all those wins.
David M. Cote: Well, I’d say the reload side of it consist -- continues to -- what you think of as more ongoing, continues to get better. But there -- these guys are -- they're winning all around the world. There's no one thing that I would point to that, that's driving all of it. I suppose some of the Oleflex wins are -- we could point to. That's been just stellar. But all in all, they're winning across the board. Dave, anything...
David M. Cote: I don't have that on my fingertips, Jeff. I don't if we normally would disclose that. But I can promise you it's a good one, and it is a nice bluebird.
David M. Cote: Well, first, the pipeline is always good. It's always a question of is it actionable, and can we actually -- if the pricing make sense, and can we make good sense of it? So I would say, the pipeline is always the same, and it'll be a question of how well does the pricing look, and can we make it happen. The nice thing about it is having a big full pipeline all the time means that we never have to overpay because we can be very confident that we've got other good stuff in line. And the more we can find things like EMS Technologies, you can be sure -- we're going to make sure we make them happen.
David M. Cote: First, it’s investor rabbits that we're trying to attract, Howard. So I think this should give them a lot to focus on. And we're constantly focusing on what's next. It's one of the things that we do. That whole evolution concept that I was talking about at the Investor Conference, it's just how we think about the company. So some of the stuff, we're ready to talk about and you're seeing; some is in process and you're not seeing yet, and we're not talking about it. So I can promise you that, as I said in the beginning, we stay hungry.
David M. Cote: Well, I mean, the big places for us outside energy are pulp and paper, farmer and power. And we're doing pretty well in all of those. So I'm very bullish on what I think our Process Solutions business can do going forward. We've got some -- just terrific product there.
David M. Cote: Sorry, I wish I could be more forthcoming on some of this stuff, but I can only promise you we're not sitting on our hands back here.
David M. Cote: I would say both things you said are true. The first one is there's -- it's a globally -- or I said there's 2 spaces there. Well, the first, we are a globally interconnected economy. So there's -- if Europe continues to drag even beyond next year because they just don't get the political will to do what they need to, then it definitely will have an impact in the U.S. We would argue that regardless of what the economic outlook is, we will outperform in that -- whatever the environment is because of the work that we've done to have the right products, right services. Everybody's staying hungry. A lot of the programs that we've launched over the last 10 years are really starting to come to fruition. We've got a lot of good stuff still coming. The pipeline is full for us on everything: new products, the geographies that we see, the services that we've been able to come up with. I still feel very good about our ability to outperform regardless of the environment.
David M. Cote: Well, I think, in general, we do a pretty good job in pricing, as we've said before, Steve, in all our businesses. We really just try to do it on the basis of new products and the value that we're able to provide. So I would say we're still going to continue to do well there.
David M. Cote: Well, as you might imagine, we're really pleased with our start to the year. All the seed planting we've done over the years with that consistent strategy for growth, productivity and our enablers just continued to play out, and yet they have lots of runway. Our diversity of opportunity in businesses, products and geographies really is a terrific advantage. Because of all that, we expect and continue to outperform in the future. And even with all of that going for us, we are not resting. As I said earlier, you can expect us to stay hungry, smart, disciplined and flexible. And it's our intent to be your best investment. Thanks.
David James Anderson: No. I think the only thing I would add is, Dave, that we did see -- as we exited the first quarter, we did see some strengthening in some of our ACS short-cycle businesses.
David James Anderson: And so too early to say that, that's a trend, but it's obviously encouraging, Scott. Just some additional color, it's obviously encouraging in light of what we think is still a very balanced -- appropriately prudent guidance.
David James Anderson: Yes, I'll just add, Shannon, to what Dave said. I mean, the good part of it obviously is it's driven -- as Dave said, it's driven by the success that we're having in the marketplace. The second thing is that, looking over the course of 2012, we expect for Aerospace, while up on the dollars, to be basically even with 2011 in terms of R&D percent. So maybe some pressure on that as the year progresses, but it's not something that -- I think it works itself way -- through over the course of the year.
David James Anderson: Yes, I would just say that the queue is robust on the catalyst side of the business right now. And we're also going to have, in the first half this year, a very strong royalty revenues as well for UOP. Obviously, as we've guided, the growth percent is not going to be there the same way in the second half, Shannon, for UOP, just as a result of that very, very strong first half.
David James Anderson: Jeff, I think around 3.5 for ATR in the quarter. And we're expecting in that range, Jeff, in the 4% range for the full year. Stronger, by the way, on BGA. And as I talked about, BGA was strong not only on the OE side. It was also very strong on the -- or on the aftermarket side, I'm sorry. So good -- very good quarter for Commercial Aerospace, the aftermarket in total.
David James Anderson: Yes. No, I think that the number that we talked about, the 20s, mid-20s is a very good target for ACS.
David James Anderson: Well, I think there's a couple of things, Peter, that are working. I mean, first of all, as we've said, we're benefiting from the active fleets and, if you will, the mix of that active fleet in terms of some of the older aircraft that are being put into usage. We've got less parked aircraft, which is supporting it. So those 2 things are definitely at work. I think we're also seeing, for us, the benefit of selectables, which is supporting us. Higher penetration in terms of capture on those selectables with airlines, just doing a very, very good job of executing. Now that double-digit rate growth, as you said in terms of spares growth in the overall double-digit growth that we've seen on the Commercial Aftermarket, in the ATR aftermarket specifically, we expect that to -- good growth but obviously to subside and more in line, although still outpacing flight hours in the second half of the year.
David James Anderson: Some of that, though, is also timing-related. And you're going to see that, Deane. I mean, those are -- in terms of size of business, et cetera, you're going to see the kind of movement quarter-to-quarter.
David James Anderson: It's really a broader comment, Nigel. It's just -- it's, I think, reflective of the fact that we've seen a little bit of a strengthening there, broadly as we exited the first quarter and clearly doesn't, as I said, doesn't cause us to believe that's a trend. But it's a positive sign. And there's a lot going on obviously to influence the outcome, both in terms of new product introductions. We've got some tremendous introductions weighted to the second half of the year, as well as just continue to grow in high-growth regions. So there's a number of things that we think will add to, hopefully, that trend line.
David James Anderson: I would say it's a little better than that. But I don't want to read too much into that. But it is an encouraging sign, and I just mentioned it in light of the question made earlier of sequential growth.
David James Anderson: It really has to do with customer advances. As much as anything that's deferred revenue, that's now being recognized in terms of sales in the quarter. Some of those associate with longer term. Most of that associated with longer-term contracts.
David James Anderson: Well, I think on the ATR side, I think, again, it's really driven by the things that we talked about, Steve, earlier, which is just the aircraft utilization, the mix of that aircraft, the strong penetration that we have in terms of selectables. Obviously, we're getting a large mechanical benefit from that.
David James Anderson: I'm going to cite that, for BGA particularly, is where we've seen that is the RMU growth. Elena correctly points out on the BGA side. We had actually stronger growth in BGA as a percent during the quarter. So that's done very well. The other thing is there's -- on the BGA side, there was deferral of maintenance that occurred. And what we're seeing now is a real demand into the system and pretty good visibility in terms of that demand. So we're quite encouraged by it.
David James Anderson: It is. It is. And the other thing obviously is as you talk to operators and others, it's just the quality of the upgrades, particularly the cockpit upgrades that are offered by Honeywell and the significant appeal of those upgrades. So I hear that anecdotally all the time. I think there's just a lot of goodness there and, again, that's showing up in the numbers.
David James Anderson: The other thing, just, Steve, if I could just add, is it's obviously against the backdrop of a continued weak housing market and overall construction markets, which are obviously huge drivers both in terms of the economy, as well as we will be beneficiaries of them. So I think, Steve, as we see improvements there, I think we're going to see actually net upside.
David James Anderson: Let me take a shot at that, Elana, and it's a very, very good question, obviously something that we've spent a lot of time analyzing and studying here internally. The things that I think that we pointed out in the call. Number one is obviously the strength that we've experienced in the Commercial Aerospace aftermarket. Again, we're lapping 8 consecutive quarters of double-digit spares increases now. And so while we're still expecting the commercial aftermarket to grow ahead of utilization rates, as we've said, we're not going to see the 15% to 20% growth in the quarters that we saw in the last 4 quarters. We're going to see a weaker Defense and Space. That's just timing. Defense and Space down 2% to 3% in the first half, down 6% to 8% in the second half. I mean, that's just built in to get to the 5% which we continue to believe is the right kind of guidance for you for the full year. And we've talked a lot this morning about UOP, and we talked about catalyst volumes but also some licensing volumes. Those are going to be more normalized in the second half. In addition, you'll recall the Petrobras contract award, the FEED award, that front-end engineering design award, that's almost $100 million of less revenues second half UOP compared to first half. So there's a bunch of things. So as we roll off these first half positives, we will see some partial offsets by modest improvement. We think of short-cycle sales, we talked about that. But it's going to be more like -- if you look first half, second half, it's going to be more like a 48, 52 kind of year, we think, in 2012, in terms of the distribution of those earnings.
David James Anderson: Launch is excluded from what I just mentioned. And you'll recall launch is down significantly year-over-year because of the proactive work that we did in 2011. You recall 2011 second quarter in terms of the launch contribution, the larger launch contribution recognition. So the R&D -- and importantly, what I'm talking about is, dollar-wise, more spend driven by success in the marketplace. When you look at that as a percent of revenue given the growth that we're experiencing in Aerospace, we're talking about in line for the full year. Roughly in line for Aerospace.
David James Anderson: Well, Elena, I'm going to let you feel the question on the price, Elena. I don't have that. Elana, I don't have that data right in front of me.
David James Anderson: Yes, it's about $80 million. From a bottom line standpoint, we offset that with a gain. So there was distribution difference in terms of the landscape. The launch was above the line segment profit, and the gain we had was below the line. But from a PDT or EPS standpoint, it was offset.
David James Anderson: Well, clearly, there's been a lot of -- a lot in the news. It's really difficult to say, really difficult to predict what the outcome is going to be there. From a standpoint of receivables for us, at this stage in terms of our net exposure, it's relatively small, relatively insignificant. And we've contemplated -- any risk that, that may pose to us, we've contemplated that in our forward guidance.
