Elena Doom: Thank you, Leo, and good morning. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Today's call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter, share with you our outlook for the second quarter and the remainder of the year, and finally we'll leave time for your questions. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: I would add that the new launches in the second half are also expected to accelerate over the levels that we saw in the first quarter and what we'll see in the second quarter.
Elena Doom: Yeah. We're assuming that light vehicle production is down low to mid-single digits for the year in Europe.
David Cote: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. A very good start to 2013. EPS in the quarter was $1.16 and that’s normalizing for tax, that came in a penny above the high end of our guidance range and up 12% driven by the strong margin performance across the businesses. And we accomplished this in a slow growth macro environment that was really coupled with some particularly challenging prior year comps. And I think there is a nice reinforcement of our conservative sales planning process and the results you can get from that. Sales of $9.3 billion were aligned with guidance and like we talked about during investor day, it demonstrates the importance of a balanced portfolio. Now I say that because while we saw our headwinds from lower defense spending, lower European auto production and generally challenging comps, we also saw modest signs of improvement at several of our key short cycle ECS businesses and across another quarter from EOP, not just in sales but in what the future is for sale. Similar to prior quarters, EPS growth was driven by strong margin expansion. We were up 100 basis points to 16.2%, and this was driven by cost management or productivity. That focus on material cost and remaining conservative in our census planning. This discipline, along with our considerable amount of seed planting, helped us to deliver these results while maintaining our investments for the future. Now as a result of that success, we are raising our full year pro forma EPS guidance by a nickel on the low end, making our new range $4.80 to $4.95, up 7% to 11% versus prior year. This reflects our strong first quarter performance as well as our confidence in our ability to drive continued margin expansion. However, also as we’ve been saying since October, we want to ensure we’re remaining balanced in our planning and as a result we’re maintaining a range that incorporates possible risks and opportunities. We’re achieving these results while continuing our investments in the future or that seed planting that you always hear us talking about. In the quarter we proactively funded over $30 million of new restructuring projects, building on a healthy pipeline of projects as we’ve talked about in the past. This is more than we originally expected which again speaks to the strength of our first quarter results. We also continue to invest in stuff that’s really just terrific when it comes to new products and technologies and that are winning with our customers. As an example, Honeywell SmartPath was selected by the Airport Authority of India or AAI to be part of a pilot project for satellite based precision approach and landings at the Chennai International Airport. As you know airport congestion remains a major issue globally and SmartPath will support this increasing demand by reducing delays, lowering operations costs for airlines and increasing traffic throughput. Think of it as like the Honeywell operating system for an airport so same concept. We also saw a number of new wins from UOP, building on our already record backlog levels and setting them up for a multiyear cycle of continued up performance. For example UOP announced its 12th all fixed project win since the beginning of 2011 driven by the renaissance in petrochemical investments spurred by low natural gas prices. Now if we take a step back for a moment, we see ourselves in what continues to be a slow growth microenvironment. We do see some reasons to be optimistic on the horizon, but we also see plenty of reasons to continue to remain cautious. For example U.S and European sales were as expected in the quarter. However, China saw a weak start to the year, reflecting a government austerity and a concerted attempt to contain growth. That being said, the majority of our businesses there are quite healthy. Inventory levels are returning to normal and order rates are improving, particularly in our long cycle businesses, signaling our modest recovery over the remainder of the year. As we’ve said before, taking a conservative approach to topline planning helps ensure we deliver the results you’ve come to expect. You can expect we’ll be ready to capitalize on the opportunity if and when things do pick up. In the meantime, we’ll keep following the playbook you’ve come to expect from us. Seed planting for future growth, including investing in our businesses, launching a bunch of new products, global expansion and driving productivity through our key enablers so we can deliver this year, next year and beyond that. So with that I’ll turn it over to Dave.
David Cote: As you might imagine, I read that last night and said, I can't wait to (inaudible) that one up tomorrow.
David Cote: Well, if we take a look at where the increase is coming from on the CapEx side, it's really for orders that we already have in PMT. And this is growth that’s going to happen. We have got the new molecules, we have landed the new orders in UOP and we got to be able to ship the stuff. And it's as simple as that. And that’s where the increase is primarily coming from. This is a good thing not a bad thing.
David Cote: I would say it's flattish for this year, that’s the way we are going to think about it. But when we are making these kind of investments, we need to be looking further out than that. And I'd say we are pretty rigorous about how do we think about CapEx and where do we put the money. And any of the spending we are doing, I'd say is more than judicious when it comes to the returns that we are going to get from it. And as I said, the big increase is really coming out of PMT where we already have the orders in hand and we have to be able to support it.
David Cote: First, I want to state, we are not counting on much, Peter. We have tried to do that as a company and we lowered our sales sites even further in just about every business, saying we got to make sure that we are playing conservatively. So we are really not counting on much.
David Cote: Sure. I would say when it came to March, things actually started to look a little tougher than they had before. Interestingly in the first couple of weeks of April things look a little bit better than they did before, but there’s nothing here and there’s a business we do watch called Basic Switches that we pay attention to something that portends to our future. But at the end of the day I wouldn’t say there’s anything that’s caused any of use to say okay, the trend has begun in one direction or the other. There’s just this order equivocation if you will where you just say okay, I still don’t know enough one direction or the other to make a permanent or let’s say more long lasting call. That’s why we’re going to stay conservative. I’d like to think that this is the trend, but after a couple of weeks of things being slightly better I’m certainly not ready to declare.
David Cote: I don’t see any risks from -- first of all gas pricing going up is a good phenomenon for a PMT because now you have more people willing to look for the stuff and pump it because that’s, when it’s only 253 box that’s filled they just don’t make sense. And when you get up to 450, well there’s a lot of stuff that makes more sense than it did before and we’ll encourage that dynamic. I like it. If we take a look at oil, whether it’s $80 or $100, that is worth looking for more. So I don’t see either of those trends being any hard movement around those numbers to be a problem for us.
David Cote: No. it looks very good and I’d say all the seed planting that we did there since we acquired it and all that additional Horizon’s re-spending and becoming more global in our outreach is all stuff that just continues to play out very well for us.
David Cote: I can’t say we’re feeling anything like that. The stuff that we’re looking at doing and we were investing really has nothing to do with commodity trends or anything like that. It’s more the world needs energy. The world is going to continue to need energy. The world needs the new HFOs that we have invented. That’s where the investments are going and that’s where the backlog is built. And I have tough time seeing that really changing. It's always possible, but with any kind of minimal global economic growth, those trends continue.
David Cote: Let's say, if we take a look at the overall macros, we are not saying things are better there. And based on how things are going, we would still forecast and plan for 0% GDP growth over the next three years. It's just the way we are going to continue to think about and plan for it because there is nothing to indicate that they are ever going to have just a bang up quarter or year. So we are going to keep thinking about it that way. Part of what I think we are seeing, is last year we took -- orders trends were really pretty negative in Europe. We were down pretty much double-digit all year along. It's just one of those things that we had to manage. We got our cost structure in line, which helped. But then on the orders side there is a bit of a rebound that you get from the (inaudible) just being down so much and managing your way through that. So I am not ready to declare victory on anything. And I would say in terms of products, ACS did much better in Europe overall. But again, I think some of that is driven by just being down so much last year and you get some of the, we can call it a dead cat bounce, I think it's better than that. But at the end of the day, it's not an indicator that Europe is turning around, in my view.
David Cote: Well, I would go back to the process initiatives that we always talk about. The Velocity Product Development, the Honeywell Operating System, Functional Transformation. The evolution of that is going to continue for a long time to come. And as long as we continue to progress on that path, I would like to think there are always going to be high returns projects that are going to come available to us. And I don’t see that opportunity declining in the future. There is going to be good payback projects for us for a long time to come.
David Cote: Well, it's always tough to predict Jeff. As we said before, we always maintain just a very big active pipeline. We conduct reviews with the businesses about every six weeks where we go through, what are the possibilities and how are things looking and what could be new or different. I can't say that we have noticed any big change in any of that. But again, we are not looking for any big changes. We have tried to really make this a very methodical un-cyclical process.
David Cote: Who knows? Who can predict the commodities cost? I have got to overall to bolster Elena's point, there tends to be more of a capital question than anything else because the rest of the business doesn’t really get affected much by that.
David Cote: We always plan conservatively, I can promise you that. Whether it’s sales, cost price spreads, we try to be conservative because you just never know.
David Cote: Well, as you know we're believers that margin expansion is a fundamental based on how good your processes are and your process improvement. This is where I'm going to come back again, the Honeywell operating system, velocity product development, functional transformation and our overall margin rate versus some of our peers. When you look at it that way, you say, okay, there's still lot of upside here. I prefer not to do it this way for the next five years. I'd like to think that there's some economic growth, sales growth in there at some point, but at the end of the day, we’ve still got a lot of room to progress just becoming more efficient every year.
David Cote: The smart call is to just assume that it continues and that's the way we're going to keep thinking about it. This is not a time to be bullish. We are better off staying conservative and if they change the spend profile in defense, great. If they don’t, we are fully prepared.
David Cote: Howard, I would say, one of the things that we are doing in process solutions and that’s important, is the guys are doing a very good job of going after the installs that we won. So think of it as the same sort of thing that we talked about in aerospace of being selective about the platforms that you decide to go for. Our process solutions guys have been doing the same thing and as a result of that, we are seeing much better margin rates in the backlog then what we saw before. As we look around the world, I would say it's pretty well mixed in terms of where you see the big projects. But in general, it's got more of a focus on high growth regions, if you will, and what you are going to see in developed markets.
David Cote: Well, I could tell you some of the stuff that I am pretty pumped about. We just went to the ISC West show for security and unveiled three or four really, pretty cool now products for both on the video side and the overall integrated systems side. And if any of you were in Times Square yesterday and happened to look up at the Reuters board, you would have seen an earned media, in other words we didn’t pay a thing for it consistent with our, kind of tight watch spending. But you saw our new thermostat, our new Wi-Fi thermostat, put you there by PR Newswire as being the greatest thing since slice spread. They might not have put it that way but that was certainly the message. So, yeah, I am pretty excited about all that stuff. ACS has some really great new products already out there and as you might imagine, a lot more good stuff to come.
David Cote: I would say there's that opportunity, but I'm certainly not going to predict what the Euro auto industry build is going to be. We're going to stay conservative even with what we get some kind of EDI global insight forecast. And I certainly hope what you're saying is correct and we do believe that there is that strong possibility. But we're going to continue to be careful.
David Cote: Both. We certainly see the impact this year. We saw it even this quarter where the Euro auto industry was down about 10% and we were down about 4%, largely because of the impact of new launches. That's why with any kind of just market stabilization, never mind growth, we end up in a really great place.
David Cote: Thanks. We are pretty -- ACS has a lot, just a great new product pipeline on all the stuff that you saw. Pretty excited about where that’s going to go.
David Cote: Yeah, I guess I have a tough time seeing that myself. If we remember, about these sales go into the petrochemical and oil and gas side. And we have a good insight to that from just what's going on in UOP, and that looks pretty robust. And for the same reason we said before, the world needs energy and there was a long period of time where there was disinvestment. We are starting to see that churn within the refining industry that while it only grows 2%, there is a big shift that’s going on and high growth regions are building more capability. And, well, I just have a tough time seeing that being a declining industry.
David Cote: Thanks, Elena. We are obviously pleased with our performance in the quarter and we are able to raise our margin rates substantially even on low sales growth. And for me anyway, it's exciting to think about what we could do if we just got some sales growth. It's exciting to think about the possibilities. We will continue to go to plan on a slow macro environment really because there is no percentage in planning otherwise. And I think it's important to think about this performance as a result not just of conservative planning, which we talk about a lot and we do every year, but it's also that relentless seed planting that we do. Whether it's products, technologies, process, geographies, we want to do a great job not just with this quarter but this quarter next year, three years from now, ten years from now. And as the planning continues and it's just a part of who we are, and I think that’s why you can continue to expect us outperform in the future. So thank you for listening and I hope you are pleased as we are. Thank you.
David Anderson: Scott, this is Dave. You know we just continue to be smart in terms of our tax and treasury planning, in terms of managing our cash balances. Again the guidance that we gave you at the beginning of the year, all of our communications in terms of both cash and coverage ratios and everything else, assumed this outflow. So we just continue to be smart on that, continue to be very smart in terms, as I said, our tax and treasury planning.
David Anderson: Yeah. I'll just maybe piggyback on Dave's comment, just add a little to it. We are looking at now up, low to mid-single digits in the commercial aftermarket for 2013. We think that’s kind of a reasonable range given the first quarter performance and also just looking at the pattern of global flying hours and our patterns for sales for last year. So the comps as we said earlier and as you know, become much easier in the second half. So I think that is a good way to think and to plan going forward. You know some of the specifics on that, we continue to see very good R&O on both BGA as well as on the ATR side of it.
David Anderson: Yeah, absolutely. That’s a very good point, Elena. That’s two thirds of the makeup of the revenues of the aerospace aftermarket. So we’re continuing to see that being relatively good. And also our anticipation for the spare side of BGA is pretty good.
David Anderson: And our RMUs are continuing to be very strong. So I think there’s a lot of reasons why we think this low to mid-single digits. But that has tempered from where we started the year.
David Anderson: As well as the strength of their position in the petrochemical industry has really reflected Dave in how they really outperformed peers in the first quarter.
David Anderson: I think, Jeff, just to add quickly what Dave said is, it really, it continues to be an inconsistent orders pattern. Overall, slight negative organically that we have in terms of growth in the first quarter and Europe is really again [attributed] just to the balance of the portfolio.
David Anderson: Long and short cycle, we see that balance working. And so it's not, as we have sort of, the theme if anything we are really striking here again today is, we are not counting on any kind of improvement. And in fact what we are really counting on is just the continued opportunity to improve our cost structure, our productivity. That’s some of the repositioning that we have funded here in the first quarter.
David Anderson: Steve, you can see that in our forward guidance. You can see it in our 2013 numbers, what we have as we’ve communicated at Investor Day for 2014. And again as Dave said, that's against the backdrop of the – modest to low revenue growth, depending upon the business. You're going to see some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter. For example we had just very, very terrific as expected UOP margin contribution in PMT this quarter. PMT, as I indicated in my comments earlier is going to benefit from again revenue growth from UOP in the second quarter, but it's not going to have the same favorable mix that it had in the second quarter of 2012 where we had very strong licensing revenues and obviously very high -- and conversion. We also have Intermec that's going to happen. It's going to dilute the margins. So there's things that influence it, but the overall general trend will continue to be positive.
David Anderson: And we have added additional sequestration impact in our full year revenue forecast. That’s one of the key reasons, as we said on a full year basis we were bringing our total revenues down a little bit, partly as a result of now reflecting that full sequestration.
David Anderson: I think it's just really timing in large parts, John, of some of the projects phase outs, wind downs. We had a little more favorability in D&S in the first quarter and we will have a little less favorability, a little more decline in the second quarter. So it's really just timing there. And then the other thing as we indicated is just the continued progress and performance that that businesses leadership is making in offsetting U.S. DoD budget declines, just in terms of pursuing opportunities elsewhere. So that’s coming through the numbers as well. So basically, I would say.....
David Anderson: Exactly. But for the full year it's a modest tweak down from roughly 3% previously guided down for D&S to now more like 4% down.
David Anderson: As we indicated, I think we actually have a shot and that's going to work here, actually having a volume increase in Turbo in the second quarter at the high end of our range and launches together with some other favorable macros, commercial vehicle, better comps, all of those should support the improved performance, John, over the course of 2013.
David Anderson: Well, I think what we're seeing now is we're seeing a calendarization if you will, the phasing of the anticipated claims payment for those that have not been processed and executed since the beginning of the stay that goes back to 2002. So I think number one, we have a better read on what the timing of that could be, John that claims processing through the trust. And I think number two, what we're showing here is a little precise numbers given the insurance recoveries and also tax affecting those cash outflows. So it's a combination of those and then something that's consistent obviously is the future period look in terms of the enforcement of the caps 2015 and beyond, but again including and what've shared with you today, the after insurance recovery and after-tax impacts to Honeywell. So I think it's really just those, a combination of those updates and refinements.
David Anderson: No. I don’t think it’s costing less. I think what we’re doing is we have the payments for claims that if you will catch up, the historic claims processing spread over two years, 2013 and 2014 as well as 2013 includes trust formation funding, trust formation spending, that’s about $45 million after tax. We have those now calculated we think more accurately or a little more precisely is probably the best way of saying it. It’s still very much estimates in terms of how this is going to play out and we’re showing all those numbers to you on an after insurance recovery after-tax basis. What you may be recalling is some communications that we’ve made on pretax dollars and some of those communications probably also did not factor in some of the direct insurance recoveries. So what we’ve done is sharpened the pencil and our communication today, to show what really the net impact and our best judgment of the timing of those outflows.
