David M. Cote: I will kind of start with my perspective on it and turn it over to Tom for even more color commentary. But there is a difference between the upstream and the mid and downstream segments as you know and the mid and downstream in my view are going to be driven more by overall economic activity. Demand for that could be driven more by overall economic activity than whatever oil prices are. As a result of that I am expecting to see increased demand for refined goods and products which is going to cause greater demand on the mid and downstream side.  Offsetting that at least in the short term is probably going to be some of the investments in places like Russia and Middle East, perhaps some in Brazil but they had already slowed significantly. That we will be more than offset by where everybody has to crank up everywhere else around the world. So that's kind of an overview that I see for it and as you probably know for the first time in five years I am actually a little more bullish on where the global economy is going than economic forecasts are.  For the last four years I had been more negative generally and so far that's been a good call. But this time I think it could be more positive than what they think because that impacts. The lower oil prices is causing this major redistribution from oil producing to oil using economies and those oil using economies are quite large. So overall I think this is a good phenomenon, it is going to help drive more of that mid and downstream investments. Tom. 
David M. Cote: Well as you know the Japan phenomenon on this been a currency phenomenon. It’s been a couple years in the making and I can’t say that we ever saw much of an impact from any of that. I guess it remains to be seen on what happens with European competitors but again not thinking much of anything happening there when it comes to the overall currency we’ve assumed the U.S. dollar would strengthen for a while now and we’re little surprised actually that didn’t happen sooner than it has. So I would say it is one of those things we’ve been kind of counting on happening and as you know this is the first time in, well this is my going into my 14th year, this is the first time we’ve ever hedged the Euro translation and its solely because it seems like that was the 70% debt at this point. Who knows, things have a way of changing in ways that you never predict. But I still think that the prospect of 110 Euro this year is entirely possible. 
David M. Cote: We have great presence in Europe already. We have a big base there about 30,000 employees so we have a base to compete from. 
David M. Cote: The thing I would add to that Dave is, Scott to get your questions on the non resi, I look at our exposure in the products businesses in ACS principally in fire and in some of their commercial business in ECC. As I said in my comments the growth rate had been very nice, mid single digits approaching and double digits in some cases. So you know good trends there and then in building solutions where we have the -- we provide both projects and services in that same space. The order rates and backlog has been good. If you look at the backlog overall for the business it’s up about mid single digit over last year. And its across all the regions. It is actually double digit in Europe but that comes off a lower comparison but overall each of the regions are in that range. So we feel like its heading in the right direction. 
David M. Cote: Exposure is not that great it helps that we get up front payments on the technology licensing. So yes, if there was a severe downturn of course we feel it but I am not that worried about it right now. 
David M. Cote: No, good question Jeff. All of the hedges qualify for mark to market accounting. I am sorry qualify for not mark to market, I am sorry about that. So the impact of the hedge instruments when they settle would be recognized at the same time the underlying items that are being hedged are recognized. So there is nothing unusual, it’s just the extent of the currencies that we’ve gone out and hedged. 
David M. Cote: I’d say on the -- it’s a little bit of a dichotomy between ATR and BGA but real strong growth on the ATR side than mid single digit growth on the spares. Its growing on BGA side as well but not as significantly but we do expect that to improve and the ATR trends to continue for 2015.
David M. Cote: I wouldn’t say our philosophy has changed and that’s why you saw that’s increased dividend greater than the earnings rate this year because that’s consistent with our five year plan of raising the payout ratio over this five year period. So that is going to continue to be a priority for us. And I’d say on the M&A pipeline I am actually feeling better about that then I have in these past few months. I always felt good about it but I’d say the work Roger is doing and its businesses are doing is improving that overall pipeline. Doesn’t mean anything is going to be happening soon. But I can say I feel better about it. I think there is some increasingly let’s say good properties, it would be very good fit with Honeywell if we can make them have them.
David M. Cote: Yes well I would never of course say anything one way or the other there Nigel. I’d just say I am encouraged by the work the guys are doing on the pipeline and the stuff I am seeing. And we’ve got the capability and we are just going to continue to be smart about it. 
David M. Cote: I guess you would have to say yes, possible but we are not seeing that because it’s not like $50 oil is cheap. It wasn’t that long ago that we were concerned that it could be a recession if it hit 35? So 50:50 is not cheap, it’s cheaper than it was but not cheap. 
David M. Cote: Well actually the items that we are hedging and we can get into a complicated accounting lesson here but the items that we are hedging are actually cost items and we are doing it selectively throughout the portfolio. As you can appreciate we have a global supply chain and a lot of currency movement across borders. What we do is focus on hedging the expense items and that enables you to protect the overall P&L but what that leaves open is the top line and so the top line is in a lot of cases exposed to currency movement.
David M. Cote: Well I would say I would backup on it I guess and say that great positions in good industries are still going be kind of a fundamental for us. And secondly pricing makes the difference. So there is a lot of stuff that we’ve liked in a lot of different segments many of which we’ve outlined for you in the past. And we’re going to continue to look at does pricing makes sense, does it makes sense today versus further into the future. And we tend to try to be pretty careful about timing when it goes into even picking of a great position in a good industry. 
David M. Cote: Maybe the best way to say it is that coming out of that meeting we had 300 unbelievably energized people even more so than I’ve seen in the past and everybody is really pretty bullish not just about what we’ve done but about where things are going. And HOS Gold and what we are doing to develop and fund the breakthrough initiatives, the 76 enterprises is really energizing everybody around the world, it’s just wonderful to see. 
David M. Cote: Pretty well overall. I think some of the businesses are doing extremely well with it and so the scanning and mobility for example, we have to highlight the gas detection business is done extremely well with it and then I’d say everybody else is kind of in the middle of progress but progress is good everywhere. It is really working well.
David M. Cote: Well we’re proud of what we’ve done but even more importantly we are excited about where we are going. Our business model really does work and while I believe that lower oil prices will lead to a slightly better global economy than what’s forecasted currently, will plan conservatively as always to ensure that we do deliver on our commitments to you. We believe we are well positioned to deliver on our five year commitment to you and we look forward to seeing many of you at our March Investor Day where we’ll share more about how and why we’ll get there. And in the mean time the following Sunday in a very American Sport I hope we can all be Patriots. Thank you. 
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, again what I would reiterate is the portion of our HPS and UOP business that's in the mid and downstream number one. Number two, the backlogs really backed up by the strong second half particularly in HPS are really strong. If you look at HPS, the backlog on a constant currency basis up 12% year-over-year and UOP backlog is also the UOP backlog is relatively flat 0% to 1%. But when I look at UOP continue to be always a lumpy business. Fourth quarter was a difficult comparison as I said, we had 17% growth from the fourth quarter 2013. But the backlog is strong as it’s ever been, its holding up, and our growth rate in 2015 are forecasted for UOP is at mid single digit growth or constantly look at all the indicators. 
Tom Szlosek: The other thing I would add Dave is the hard cost base. We do benefit in some cases from the decline Scott, you are are fully aware we have significant production capacity in China and Mexico and other parts of the Eastern Europe. So we do feel like our position from a supply chain perspective and cost base perspective does enable us to continue to compete with the – of the competitors you referred to. 
Tom Szlosek: Sure, it will be pretty consistent with how we’re seeing the economy. The U.S. would say I hope you are right also. We’re little lower in our estimation but we think that continues to rise upward and it’s still kind of a reflection of the great recession and you heard us say the time about we shape in, we shape out, slow in, slow out, and non res construction is more of a slow in, slow out. So we think it’s a nice steady gain and that just continues.  You can argue there is some offset to that with the oil and gas CAPEX but that has really minimal effect on our non res construction business. In Europe it is consistent with the economy, it is going to be very slow. China probably going to continue to be a mix and interesting phenomenon there because the tier one cities that are still experiencing more of the economic slowdown, they still could use more housing and in the some of the tier 2, 3, 4 cities where GDP is going to be growing faster may have been over built a little bit.  So that one is still to be figured out but overall we think it is still a net positive on non res construction. India there could be an awakening in India. I have never seen such excitement in the business community in the 20 plus years that I have been going there so I am actually pretty encouraged about what they could be doing and in fact I am going there tomorrow to be there for the President’s visit as part of this U.S. India CEO forum. And I really think there could be a kickoff there that we’ve all really been waiting for, for at least 10 or 12 years now. And one could turn out to be quite a good positive. 
Tom Szlosek: I guess I would consider the composition that UOP backlog Steve to kind of answer that question. As I said the backlog has held up very well. 
Tom Szlosek: I think on the capital side a lot of these where we come in on these capital projects is towards the middle or the end and so the most of the capital spent in the ground and we can make it solid and the systems and the technology. So the backlog is holding up. I would also say that if you look at the composition of the backlog it’s in the catalyst, it’s in equipment, and it’s in gas and in all three places its holding up and there is really not any material difference from what we are seeing. So like Dave said I haven’t heard or seen anything in terms of potential declines there.
Tom Szlosek: No, I said our plan was based on 120, and we’ve hedged at a rate that I think protects that pretty well.
Tom Szlosek: Well first of all the and what I am referring to is that the increase penetration turbos on the gas combustion engines on light vehicles that that’s just a trend that we’re seeing in the U.S., China, India everywhere and we are well positioned to take advantage of that. We have got not just manufacturing capacity in each of those places but also your local product development capacity and engineering teams that work with the OEMs in those region. So it feels like we’re pretty well positioned and the growth rates support that.
