Thomas A. Szlosek: The other thing to keep in mind here is this is our downstream business. It's serving refineries and petrochemical plants. The demand for the output from those units is very strong, and a lot of our catalysts activity has to be scheduled with customer service intervals as well. So that comes into play. And overall, I think you're right, Scott. The backlog I think speaks for itself.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Just moving a little closer to details, Steve, the dilutive impact from margins was, from Elster and Datamax only a little bit. But it was 150 basis points or so, and that contains probably around $40 million of one-time kinds of things, but when you – and that's like the upfront inventory write-off and deal costs and so forth. So you're right; those will not be with us for the rest of the year. But that was already contemplated in our organic guidance that we had given you. So if you look at it on that basis for the first quarter, we certainly did have the productivity impacts that we thought we were going to have. We had good material cost productivity, good performance on indirects, and we actually had good performance on the Commercial side. The issue was what Dave highlighted. I mean, we had more sales in Distribution, more sales of Building Solutions products. I mean, 17% up in our Distribution business, 7% up in Building Solutions. And we also had, in S&PS, a little bit of unfavorability beyond the Postal Service contract that we talked about, a little bit of channel softness and inventory shifts. We're keeping our eye on that as well. So those are the puts and takes. As we said second quarter, we expect to snap back to 50 basis points to 70 basis points of expansion. We'll get the productivity. I don't think the sales – we're not planning for the – market or sales growth in BSD as we had in the first quarter. And we get more restructuring benefit as we move along. That's the way I'd characterize it.
Thomas A. Szlosek: But it's a short-cycle business, and we go through indirect channels. And your visibility out on those is not much more than a few weeks, a couple weeks.
Thomas A. Szlosek: No, that's right. I mean, the big changes are the spot rate method on the pension side, which as we said, we fully expect to offset that impact with additional restructuring. We have eight acquisitions that we're integrating, and when we start to carry out our cost synergy plans, we'll really need to lean on that restructuring funding. So that's the – those are the major movements. The raise to the guidance is a reflection of the strong first quarter as well as the share count that we mentioned.
Thomas A. Szlosek: If I could add, the other thing I would point to, Steve, is the unspent restructuring that we have. It's well over $300 million, and that will continue to replenish itself. We have requests for way more than we can fund every quarter, and we think that'll help it. The other thing is these acquisitions, I said we're integrating eight acquisitions. And when you look at the weighted averaging margin rate of those acquisitions for the first quarter, it's less than 10%. So that's diluting down our portfolio. So as we continue to integrate those and bring those in, that's going to be a big driver for us as well.
Thomas A. Szlosek: First of all, my tax director is going to be thrilled that you referred to him as sophisticated. That's going to be a new one.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Just kidding. Of course, Jeff, we're not an inverted company, Jeff, as you know. But the new rules do apply to U.S. multinationals as well, and there are specific criteria that intercompany loans are required to meet in order to be treated as debt as opposed to equity. We're currently assessing all of our intercompany loans against these criteria. We'll likely be required to have more extensive documentation placed on our loans, and it may have an impact on our ability to pool our cash globally as well. We're currently assessing that. But otherwise, we're not expecting a material impact, including in our ability to do M&A and including in our foreign operations.
Thomas A. Szlosek: I'd also add that when you look back at the first quarter of 2015, there were unusually low aftermarket sales, I think because of some of the factors you had mentioned, Gautam, and I think we'll continue to see the impacts of that, as Dave said. But overall for the full year, the flight hours are going to be what drives our aftermarket in China.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Right, the profits are. The movement in our guidance was on reported sales. So we've never hedged it at the sales line level. So we do see the variability if the U.S. dollar goes to – if we go to $1.24 in your scenario, then yes, we'd have more sales, but our margins would be the same, so that would have an impact on the margin rates.
Thomas A. Szlosek: You've got a couple things going on in inventories, and I'd say the biggest thing is we're continuing to ramp up for flooring products. We've got significant pickup in, as we said, in second half there. And the other thing is the M&A. I mean, more than half of it is, of the inventory increase, is from the acquisitions that we've done.
David M. Cote: So, what happened on that, to Tom's point, there were two drivers. One we knew and planned for, USPS. The second one was distributor inventory levels which declined in the quarter, and we expect will probably decline again in the second quarter before leveling out. And that one is one that we had not anticipated. It just kind of happened. But we think as – once that, as you know, that level gets to where they want it, then you get back to the growth – you get back to the end market growth again.
David M. Cote: No, we don't think so from an end market perspective. It looks more like just distributors trying to be a little bit more cautious.
David M. Cote: First of all, we forecasted this was going to happen in the first quarter. And, yes, okay, we didn't beat it by 10 basis points, but we're certainly within the realm of reasonability. And if you take a look at the total years, quarters are a little more difficult, let's say, you have things move always perfectly smoothly, because you have things like UOP that just cause things not to be perfectly smooth. On a total year basis, there's – this is going to continue. And it's not so much where you're coming from and the 1,000 basis points, yeah, that's quite nice. But there's at least another 300 basis points or 400 basis points left to go if we take a look versus our high margin rate peers and we look at the industries that we're in and how others do in that industry. So this is going to keep going. It's not going to change. At some point, we will have to say, yes, we are the highest in the industry, and we can't keep talking about our margin rate growth story. But it's going to keep going. HOS Gold hasn't finished. The whole idea of being able to grow sales and hold fixed costs constant, those are still very real. And there's still a lot of juice left for functional transformation. There's still a lot left there. Yes, Tom, go ahead.
David M. Cote: We're starting with the second one, first. No. It's done. It's past. It had its time, and that time is gone. The – on the first one, while it's the same question, it's also the same answer. It depends. You know, we work an active pipeline. You never know when stuff's going to hit. And sometimes and we've been really fortunate this past six, nine months with a bunch of things that we were able to bring to fruition. Who knows? The rest of the year, there could be another 10, or it could be zero. And we're just going to continue to be smart about it. I still do the integration reviews like we've talked about in the past. We're just as disciplined as we ever were. If something makes sense, we'll do it. If we can't find stuff that makes sense, we won't. I don't mind being out of the market for a while and seeing what develops. We're going to stay sharp.
David M. Cote: I'm hopeful that there is a global economic rebound, but we're certainly not going to count on it. If there was any region that surprised me in this past quarter, it was Europe did a lot better than I expected. I don't know if this is just a one-time bounce or something that's going to stay consistent, but I was quite encouraged by seeing that. It was a nice surprise. I mean, we'll see how much that turns into something. But right now, we're going to stay with this whole idea that this is a slow growth global environment and it's just the smart way to plan. And you see that reflected in how we are forecasting the second quarter and how we're forecasting the total year. I just don't think there's any percentage right now on being bullish about it. If it happens, great. I think there's a greater chance it happens than there is that it doesn't. But that being said, I don't see any percentage in being bullish about it.
David M. Cote: It doesn't really impact our strategy all that much because we have never really changed the way we did it. We've always tried to match cost and revenue as best we can, so I want to be producing in the markets where I'm selling. And as a result of that, I think it's put us in a pretty good position where we don't get out of whack with any competitor because of a currency mismatch. When it comes to the translation question, that's a separate one. We might consider taking some exposure off the table this year and next as we contemplate what could happen, especially as you look at Brexit and the possibilities there. But by and large, I don't feel as negative as I did about currency as I did, say, a year or two ago.
David M. Cote: Obviously as usual, we're not going to comment on specific targets. So quick learning from Dave. But obviously, the catalysts space is interesting to us. It's something that obviously is core to what UOP does, and I would just say that that's an area that, you know, it's something that we've been looking at both organically and if the right opportunity presents itself, it's probably something that we'd be open to as w00ell. But clearly a space that's of interest to us.
David M. Cote: Yes, those phenomena, both of those are real. And you're seeing the consolidation more in China, I'd say, than anyplace else. And the parting-out is real, and we referenced it ourselves in previous announcements. That being said, those are a couple of headwinds, but there are also tailwinds. And that's flight hours, for example, where people are continuing to fly and that's always good. And it more than offsets the impact from those other items.
David M. Cote: I'd say it comes back to flight hours again. They fly a lot. And that's really – I've said many times the biggest Aerospace driver we have is flight hours. And it's not tied to OEM schedules or airline profitability or any of that generally. The long-term trend is going to be driven by flight hours. If they're flying, everything ends up working out. Whatever short-term disruptions or benefits, whatever you're seeing, over time flight hours ends up being the driver. Flight hours continue to climb, and that's a good phenomenon for us.
David M. Cote: In general, that's not the kind of specifics we'd share. We would say that – like we said, we knew about some of it. We did not know about the distributor side of it. So that was a surprise. But like any other inventory reduction, that corrects itself over time.
David M. Cote: It's a mixture. There's stuff that we know about a long time ahead because some customers place orders a long time ahead. Others don't. But, Darius, you'd know better than me.
David M. Cote: It's why we break out the difference between operational and all the other items on the margin rate curve.
David M. Cote: Commercial is still tough on the TS side. What you're seeing more were the benefits of the wins in the passenger vehicle side.
David M. Cote: I would say it's more a case where we want to stay careful. So yeah, there's nothing that says there's a disaster coming in the second quarter or anything like that. We're just – we want to make sure that we stay conservative, and hopefully, the first quarter performance continues on organic growth, but we'd hate like hell to count on it and not have it happen. And I'd rather have it be the other way around.
David M. Cote: We were quite pleased to outperform again this quarter, and what we accomplished on organic sales growth, beating our commitment and the productivity generated to offset the known headwinds gives us the confidence to raise the low end of our EPS guidance by $0.10. We're encouraged by what we're accomplishing this year and next. And of course, we all hope that you feel the same way. Thanks.
