Dave Cote: You can absolutely retrofit, And that’s one of the comments that I had made, because we’re in that process and I think as consumers start to see what’s possible when you’re using this JetWave service, they’re going to be demanding it. I mean, it really is seller. I was on the plane, I wanted to test this stuff myself, my guy – given all the guys a hard time by going faster. So I started live streaming the show. It worked perfectly. I got a phone call through the iPad while I was watching the show, answered the phone, almost, in fact I noticed no latency in the call at all. And then when I ended the call, the show resumed exactly where I left off. It was quite impressive.
Dave Cote: It’s going to vary on some of that depending on the segment, so I don’t know if we’ve shared all that on the business model, but it will vary between large planes and biz jets.
Dave Cote: Before you go I will always remember that you were our first supporter back in those dark days when I first started here, so that’s not something I’ll forget and I’ve been obviously pleased that we could prove you correct for the 15 years, but thank you for that.
Dave Cote: It was the American. I don’t know if you’ve see it. I’m only in the first season, so don’t tell me anything.
Dave Cote: We’re a net exporter, so on balance it would benefit us from a tax standpoint. When it comes to repatriation, it depends on what the final deal is. If there is really high tax that’s put on in, well, that makes it a lot less interesting. So, we’ll have to judge it when we see it.
Dave Cote: But I kind of tell you, Steve, I really enjoyed your headline this morning. It’s always nice to wrap up on a good quarter.
Dave Cote: I would say, it’s changed become more positive. I’ve really been impress to see that improvement in animal spirits, small company CEOs, big company CEOs, a small banks that I’ve talked to, really quite surprising, so the animal spirits are real, there is no doubt about it. And hopefully if we can just get a few specs here with some actual actions that could be enough to really start turn the herd. I don’t think it takes us to crazy levels, the GDP growth and if it did that would be a problem. But I think we are going to see an improvement here, not ready to bid on it, we’re going to continue to plan for a slow growth global economy, but it still feels more positive than it has in a while coming off of worst recession since the great depression.
Dave Cote: I don’t think that’s something we report today. So I’d just say, it’s a goodly amount, I’m not worried.
Dave Cote: Well, thanks. And I was going to wait till the end of the call, but you were , while you took some convincing you were also an early supporter and I’ll not forget that either.
Dave Cote: I think they already had that argument, six or seven years ago, so I think you still got to be a citizen, I mean, born here.
Dave Cote: So, it not, it’s not like its ramp up or anything like that you have you got to have you got to believe in, it’s not that bigger deal actually, but Darius has spend a lot of time on 2017 plan with the businesses, so I’ll turn it over to Darius.
Dave Cote: Well, first, I’ll turn it over to Tom. But right now CP is cheap, and we’re well covered without credit lines. So it just makes sense to use it that way and we do. And you’re correct, you foretold the answer on acquisitions, depends on what becomes available and is it a price that we’re willing to pay. And Darius is not New Hampshire cheap, but he is cheap, so he’s going to be, I don’t know what adjectives he wants to put on it, but you’re not going to see it diminishing in the discipline here.
Dave Cote: And Howard, I suppose that before you go, I should add, I’ll always have great memories of going to Red Sox games with you. But I’ll also remember that you blew me off at a meeting at TRW and I just want to make sure I publicly stated it.
Dave Cote: So, from -- to eco what that Darius said earlier, yes, you have to be worried about a trade war. If it gets to that point, it’s not going to be bad just for trade, but it’s going to be bad economically, it’s kind of tough to be in economic island now especially if you are the number economy in the world. So it depends on how all that gets handled. And yes, of course it’s a concern for us. On the defense side most of our stuff, you heard me say this is in the past, but defense is more of sales channel for us, it’s very little that we do where it just a single product solely for defense, it tends to just be another channel for us. So a lot of our stuff is already just done on a commercial pricing basis and I think that’s kind of mitigates any potential impact for us.
Dave Cote: Well, I do think and I’ve said this for several years that I don’t economist also really understand what happens after a severe financial recession, it was true that 30s and it was true of this one, and hit overall confidence was just really, really strong, really hard, and when you have the whole herds thinking about slow global growth and that’s just the way it is and that’s just the way it’s going to work, well, it becomes self-reinforcing because we all act that way. If you take the look at the conditions for recovery, it actually pretty good for while, they were been talking for number of years about how good consumer balance sheets were in the U.S. You look at capacity utilization, it’s in good shape, unemployment down 4.5 or so percent, you can argue under employment, but still employment in good shape, our bank balance sheet in the best condition, they’ve ever been, most companies balance sheets really good shape, and I really think it just need to spark. And the election assuming that we – the right things gets follow through and we don’t end up with some unintended consequences provide that sparks and I’m really encourage by what I’m seeing. Now it’s got to turn into something, but right now the feelings are better than I’ve seen them in long time and that could be enough to get the herd moving in the direction of saying, I’d better not miss this moment as oppose to just hunker down and keep waiting it out. And that’s another simple short explanation but I think that’s probably the case overall.
Dave Cote: Yes. I think this more review 2015 or 2016 as much more been anomaly, that kind of status quo. I think we enough -- a confluence of events which were all kind of came together on time. Number one is obviously we talked lot about the USPS contract and that conversion. Number two is, we had that channel inventory issue that have to work its way through. Three is and this was more timing related than anything else. There was a shortage of larger deals that are notable, because of this business goes through distribution and some of it goes direct and those direct deals were few and far between not just for us but really lot of competitors as well. And then four is I think we personally I think we’re improving channel programs et cetera, so we do expect this business to very much return to its performance that its enjoyed for many, many years and use 2016 as anomaly.
Dave Cote: I think most of that has been resolved, with one exception, but I would say, 70%, 80% of the challenge is behind us.
Dave Cote: Well for a variety of reasons I’m not sorry. I’d also say John you were – while we took a little longer to convince you were also an early supporter, so thank you.
Dave Cote: I don’t think so John. Maybe I would say the growth rate that you mentioned in the mid single digit decline was largely the result of the supply chain and the challenges that we had and I think we would have been in line with the market otherwise and as Darius said January that gives us a nice boost for January and we get those issues behind us.
Dave Cote: Certainly that’s been something that we contemplated, we talked about our approach which you know the foundation is to keep the share count flat with through buybacks and to opportunistically go after further buybacks as the market conditions look attractive in the fourth quarter. We did about 2 million shares of buyback which is more than we normally would and what I would say is that we are going to continue on that approach. I mean we do have a little bit of a restrictor in terms of where our cash is located. That most of the cash is overseas so we can’t just take 9 billion of our overseas cash and put it in the buybacks, I mean its’ just not practical. Should circumstances change around the new administration and tax quality and so forth we’d obviously take a look at it, but right now our existing approach is to keep that share count flat and look for opportunities for displacement of the market to accelerate where we are...
Dave Cote: But I will also there is a flip to the other side of the coin here which is I think we got to continue to maintain our discipline around what we pay and branded some of the higher growth assets usually we hire higher multiples but I think we can – if we do our homework right and look real hard and I think an example of that, I think there is still an opportunity to buy assets by companies at attractive pricing.
Dave Cote: Yes, Andrew when you go back to our guidance I mean we were pretty clear on the FX assumptions that we used for 2017. Our normal process is to update the FX rates at the end of the year. And so, when we do that, you end up with the impact mostly due to – if we had used for example one ten is our planning rate for the year. We changed that to 105 and that has an impact. The bottom line though is that the organic growth rates do not change, we’re still calling 1% to 3% EPS still stays the same at that 6% to 10% growth and the cash conversion remains the same. So it’s a matter of just picking the number and finalizing it as is our normal process.
Dave Cote: Yes I mean the change in the margin is solely due to lower sales in the same segment profit dollars, because as you know -- of course keeps our segment margin protected.
Dave Cote: Well it’s kind of tough to predict exactly what’s going to happen to China economically to your point especially with their I guess homed elections coming up. But I think overall we are still long term believers in China, so whether they have a lower growth here than what they have had in the past. At the end of the day our prospects there are still extremely good and you look at all the businesses we are in, our opportunities to gain share, to get the tier 3 and tier 4 cities still just tremendous. So I don’t see it having that huge an impact on our performance.
Dave Cote: I don’t have that on my finger tips, it’s probably good follow up question for Mark on the call later or you can talk to him later.
Dave Cote: Thanks. After 15 years at the helm, this is my last earnings call as some of you pointed out. It’s been an honor to lead the Honeywell team for this many years. And all of us are proud of what we’ve accomplished. I’ll have to say we are even more excited about what’s coming. Our outperformance will continue because we’ve invested heavily in people, process and portfolio to do the seed planting that we’ve always done. We do well today not just because of what we are doing today, but also because of what we did three and five years ago. That our performance will continue under Darius. He is just as driven as I am and he’s smarter. We have many many terrific years ahead of us. This is an exciting time to be part of Honeywell and you’ll all benefit from it. Now while it is a bitter sweet moment or a time for me because it would be fun to continue running Honeywell in these great years to come. It’s worth a little time to also focus on the suite side of it. Next weekend we will again celebrate that quintessential American Holiday, the Super Bowl. And in that celebration it’s important to remember that we are all Patriots. Please join me in supporting and celebrating America’s team. Thanks.
Darius Adamczyk: I’d add, Scott that we have over 1000 aircraft that are committed to JetWave. We got over 20 airlines wins to-date. It’s a selectable on the airbus we’ve been certified on the platforms that we mentioned earlier. We are working with Boeing to get certified as we said. So it looks pretty good. The growth is very strong double digits for us in 2017.
Darius Adamczyk: But to be clear Scott, I mean, there is a significant amount of equipments that goes along with it, which is sell and install model for us, so that is also helping the growth and creates that profitability for us immediately.
Darius Adamczyk: There’s going to be some latency between when some things enacted and there is some work that we have to do on earnings and profits, but it’s nothing that’s…
Darius Adamczyk: I think we just kind of laid out in the finalization of laying out the agenda, but you should expect me to do the majority of the presentation that Dave normally does, obviously Dave will have a role at the beginning of the conference, but the expectation should be that I’ll be leading most of the presentations that Dave led in the past.
Darius Adamczyk: Just to maybe add one other comments about, I certainly would agree with Dave’s commentary regard what we’re seeing, maybe the one offset to that and I think our clarity sooner rather than later would be particular helpful would be on lot of a discussions and that’s really what they are at the moment. Our discussions around the trade policies as they relate to both Mexico, China and some of the other trade partners that we have, so I think in our view that sooner that gets cleared up and resolved I actually think there could be a further uptick.
Darius Adamczyk: I think as always we plan and invest cautiously, so I think we certainly play in some investments particularly in the front end of the business in terms of sales and marketing and R&D, but we’re certainly not going to spend all of that in the first quarter, because sometimes you can certainly get ahead of yourselves and we’re going to be monitoring to see the growth is coming in and whether or not we can afford to make those investments and that going to phased throughout the years with triggers that will align with the kind of growth that we’re seeing. So this is not a situation we got to kind of spend the full investment budgets in Q1 and then hoping that things happen, it just not the way you operate and won’t now either.
Darius Adamczyk: And just to add and I think you’re going to also see a mix change because particularly in former ACS organization, but really throughout we took our couple of layers of management to increase organizational speed and decrease bureaucracy and we took some of that money that we saved and reinvested it back, particularly in sales forces.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I would echo what Dave said on the debt that’s outstanding. Dave use the word cheap, I would say, CP is actually profitable and I just kind of leave it at that, but we do have an extra amount of cash on the balance because of that and we’re trying to maintain the flexibility to expand opportunities come as Dave said, it’s a good time to be taking advantage of that.
Darius Adamczyk: Howard, so I think just reinforce what Dave said, certainly it’s going to be cheap, probably the word I would use is selective and really do our -- we always have done real diligence around what is that end market look like. What are its growth prospects? What’s the competitive environment? What it’s going evolved to? What are the disrupted technologies? We’re going to be spending what we have and we’re going to be spending even more time in those elements to make sure that these are M&A strategy continues to be highly accurate, highly predictable and more in line with our financial objectives.
Darius Adamczyk: Just to add to that, I think obviously lot of the discussion and I would put it very much there from a discussion and kind of back and forth. It’s a obvious concern, because I think any of trade disputes particular as it relates to Mexico and China which are large key trading partners could be a detriment not just to Honeywell, but to the broader economy. But firstly I remain optimistic and I think that this is going to get resolved in a manner which is constructive for all parties involved and right now we don’t have anything definitive anyway other than pure speculation, so we do remain optimistic that it will evolve that way.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, it’s been interesting year for us as far as cash is been concern, I mean we’re clearly had some headwinds in the markets that we serve and the conversion, the first couple of quarters was not what we want it. But in the third and particular in the fourth quarter with the continued focus particular on working capital we’re able to get that conversion that you saw, that was north of 100%. Overall for the year 86%, we think that will improve as we head in the 2017, that’s going to come from better working capital performances, it’s not just in our supply chain and inventories but we have opportunities in receivables and in payable, so we’re working all of those areas as well the CapEx that we’ve talked about and it begins to moderate in 2017 and that moderation accelerates into 2018, so if we go from 1.1 billion which is that reinvestment ratio we talked about over 150%, we moderate that down to 110 or 104 or 105 2018 that gives us a nice boost as well to the free cash flow. So that should enable the conversion to continue to improve from 2017 into 2018.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I’ll first start with the business jet. We for sure have the production schedules for the platforms that we’re on with the large OEM. We’ve actually been more conservative and we’re -- had taken a conservative approach in the second half, when we’re putting together the 2017 plan. So some of the cuts that actually you’re referring to, we most likely had contemplated in the guide that we gave you. So we’re not – I don’t think we’re going to be caught off guard necessarily by what you’re now seeing, hearing and reading. On the commercial helo, that’s a space as you know is heavily dependent on oil and gas, and perhaps the declines over 2016 were just reflective of what was going on in the market. I think we are going to still see some tepid conditions. I don’t foresee growth for 2017 that we view it, consider very significant at all, but as the sentiment starts to improve in oil and gas is we articulated in the prepared comments we do hope that that will turn into some benefits. And you are already seeing some of the OEMs report on the helo side some modest improvement. So, hopefully that’s a sign of things to come, we haven’t built much of it into our plan is the way to think about it.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, and I think overall John the approach will be similar to what’s been. So we are going to be opportunistic in terms of both buybacks and if the tax environment does change and that transaction to bring that cash from overseas becomes a bit more frictionless you know we are going to review that and we are going to review it primarily two different things. We are already committed to growing our dividends at a rate which is faster than EPS so we said that, you know about our CapEx profile which is going to be elevated this year and then start tapering off. So basically it comes down to an investment in either buybacks or M&A. And a lot of that has to do timing and marketing conditions and what we see and what’s available. But that’s kind of our rough framework and just how to think about the trade offs.
Darius Adamczyk: It’s really not that clear because it all depends what deals are out there and what kind of pricing. So it’s hard to say I’m definitely going to prefer one over the other. And I think in terms of yes, I mean I certainly hope to enhance our growth rate through some of the portfolio work that we have been doing and we’ll continue to do.
Darius Adamczyk: A lot of that self helps here that we are doing around our usually launched commercial excellence, our [VPD] efforts which we are spending a lot of time as a company. So I think it really is a combination between what I call self help and continued work on our portfolio like we’ve done over the last, especially over the last 18 months.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. It’s a little bit less than that, I mean around 900 what we’ve called the annual run rate, but it is growing at that 20% flip, so you can see that you could get pretty quickly the numbers you mentioned, Steve.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. As you can appreciate the first year is always a tough one for M&A particularly one of that size. So that’s why we’ve reference those lower margin rates. But when those first year charges goes away as well as when the synergies kick in, we’ll be low double digit kind of a margin rate. The interesting thing though is that the installed base that we’ve build really gives us a platform for other offering particularly on the software side, and that's one of the main reason we bought the business is to be in the supply chain and distribution arena from a technology perspective, that’s going to help that margin rate as well.
Tom Szlosek: Sure. It’s really goes around some of the issues were primarily around some of our voice and product lines especially it was due to a supplier issue due to a transition. We do expect those issues to be cleared up in Q1 and right now we’re seeing a recovery plan that’s in placed. So it did impact us. Think about an impact in their tens of millions of dollars, hundreds, but nevertheless it had a meaningful impact by Q4, we expect the whole recovery in Q1.
Tom Szlosek: We see it obviously accelerating this year and continue next year as particularly with all the European new cars having Solstice in them or competitive offering, and then the further acceleration in the U.S. So we continue to seek tailwinds for that product as we move forward and continue to expect that double digit growth rate both in 2017 as well we head into 2018 and beyond.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. The way I characterise it, Jeff, overall it’s a modest tailwind for the year. But the first half will be different than second half. In the first half it’s actually headwind as we talk about for the first quarter. That does moderate in the second half, into result that overall modest impact year-over-year. I’m talking less than 50 million or so.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. We expect in 2017 to be on aftermarket side to be largely aligned flight hours on the air transport side and that shows up in both the spares as well as repair overhaul businesses. I would say that there is a somewhat of a shift into the newer platforms that we talk about with the extensive build-ups on both air transport and business jet side. And that changes the install base, the character of the installed base. It freshens it. It has more units under warranty. So particularly on the business jet side that can have a timing impact while you still under warranty in some of the new platform. So, we’ll also on the business jet I hopefully track the flight hours, but you could see some little bit of a softness as a result of that fact that I explain. 
Tom Szlosek: Actual performance overall on the business jet side was low single digit for both the spares and the [RO].
Tom Szlosek: Yes. I would say that we continue to have obligations on international side. We have a number of plans. As I mentioned Germany and the UK, bigger one and there is modest contribution require there, but for the big U.S. plan it’s in pretty good shape. We see no funding requirement for the foreseeable future.
Tom Szlosek: We are definitely adding on the commercial side, I mean, its across the portfolio in aerospace, PMT and other place, we are adding headcount both in developed regions as well as high growth regions.
Tom Szlosek: And Joe, just to add to Dave’s point on the defense side, many of our positions are not directly with the government. We are working with primes, and we’re not a prime. And so, they are good at negotiating with us. And we commercial ranges with them as Dave said. And for the platforms that are getting all the attention recently, I mean we’re very well aware what’s going on. I mean we’ve been on ongoing even well before this of commitments around cost with primes that we serve is our primary customer. So don’t want to dismiss their concerns, but it’s something we’re accustomed towards an environment that we operate in for years and we expect to continue.
Tom Szlosek: No, I think we’ll take it quarter by quarter. We are seeing as we said a pretty strong backlog in UOP. And hopefully the orders that materialize in the quarter will contribute to that further growth. We are not trying to signal any sudden demise between first quarter and the rest of the year for that business.
