David M. Cote: Yeah, I don't think we've ever referred to this environment as being expansionary. And the way I would describe the overall performance and why we say strong: if you take a look at the cash we generated, if you take a look at the operational margin rate improvement, 110 basis points which is consistent with what we were doing last year. It's just all the stuff to the right of the chart was moving in the right direction. This year it's not. If you take a look at the EPS growth, we've been able to deliver on that. And the chart Tom showed that said about $0.15 or $0.16 of the total $0.14 increase or $0.15 increase came from operations. That's pretty strong operational performance. Now you could say, okay, it is 2% negative core organic. That's true. It's also consistent with what we had forecasted, was our guidance range, so it's not like it came as a surprise. And the headwinds are no different than what we've talked about in the past, and that's why Tom tried to show that 70% of the portfolio is actually growing 5%. We've just got these unusual headwinds, most of which – well all of which dissipate this year. If you take a look at UOP, I mean you know what's happening on the oil and gas side. And we've always said our diversity of opportunity will offset that and we do believe that in 2016 that ends. This is the bottom for that sector. If we take a look at the Sensing and Productivity Solutions business and think of this as a lot driven by Scanning and Mobility, where we had this huge U.S. Postal Service order last year that we're – in terms of a comp, it's just going to be negative. It just is. It would have been impossible to make that up. Our Resins and Chemicals pricing, which you're familiar with, really has no effect on the bottom line; does affect growth when we look at the overall number. And then some in Defense and Space where there's just been delays in orders in the commercial helo market, largely driven by oil and gas has been difficult. Well, those headwinds stop. It's just a matter of dealing with them as they are today and 70% of the portfolio is growing 5%. So I think it's pretty darn good overall and yeah, I understand the point about the minus 2% but we also forecasted it, it's not like it came as a surprise.
David M. Cote: And those are significant. The Aerospace incentives are a huge increase year to year and they show up as a reduction of sales and income. And those, they're about flat year-to-year 2016, 2017 and then they decline. So again, it's a headwind that ends and isn't a growth headwind for next year by much.
David M. Cote: So I look at all of that Scott. I feel pretty good about this, especially in what's not an easy environment.
David M. Cote: Yeah. On the volume side, ATR actually feels fine. The biz jet industry is struggling a little bit and we expect that will continue. That will be offset by all the new platforms we've been on. When you look at the layoffs and furloughs that you're referencing, a lot of that is being driven by just better and better efficiency within our Aerospace business. Tim has been doing a remarkable job of just making all our processes work better. Whether it's how we engineer, how we manufacture, how we run our staff functions, it's really just being driven by doing a better job, overall, which is a good sign. That certainly puts us in a much better position to grow.
David M. Cote: Well, the conditions that generate a 4% to 5% increase are still there. We'll see what the numbers actually look like as we get on further through the year, but all the basics are still there. When you take a look at Aerospace, it's still a case where you don't have this big increase in incentives that hurt you on the growth side year-to-year. The biz jet applications, even in tougher market still help you. UOP does bottom out this year. Some of the CapEx expansions that we were talking about in PMT are still there for us next year or are still there for us next year when we look at Fluorines in particular and what we've been able to achieve with some of the acquisitions. When you look at ACS, we still expect that to be a good performer for us again next year, although, of course, split into two pieces. So the conditions are all still there. What the macro environment looks like, as we get into that year, I guess we'll have to assess as it moves on. But all the conditions that we talked about are still present.
David M. Cote: Well, starting with the last one first, we'll have to see how that plays out on the Homes and Building side because now all of the Distribution and Building Solutions business are in there, and they tend to be lower margin. So I haven't gotten far enough on that one yet to be able to say that's going to be 20%. But the overall, putting the two together, yes, that can still get to 20%. So how that will shake out by business will take some time for us to sort out. On the Connected ACS, yeah, that potential is still there. It will continue to be there. It's just going to be into two pieces, so think of it as Connected Homes and Buildings Technologies and Connected Safety and Productivity Solutions. That's still going to exist, and there is just terrific opportunity for us morph these two more focused enterprises. I think of it as one is more commercial and industrial and the other is homes and buildings. It just allows us to be a lot closer to our markets than we have in the past with that same Connected ACS approach, which I think is going to really speak well for us and allow us to do a lot better in those markets than we even have in the past.
David M. Cote: Well, the story doesn't really change from anything we've said in the past, Steve, that, yeah, we've got a lot of money to deploy and that gives us a lot of flexibility. And you've seen us do it in different ways, M&A, repurchases when we thought it made sense. And the M&A pipeline still looks really good. We have at least 100 companies we're looking at in any one point in time, from small ones to big ones. Tough to predict when they're going to become available or when we can do something, and it's not like it comes in a steady dose. Sometimes you get three or four right away. Sometimes you go a year and a half or two years with not much of anything. I can just promise you, it's top of mind for all of us, and we've got a pretty strong, good effort working on it to constantly look for stuff that will make sense and generate good returns for our share owners. We're still – money is not burning a hole in our pocket. It never will. It's important for us to be smart about how we deploy that money. In the meantime, we're going to focus on making sure we generate a lot of it, and this quarter was a nice indication of that.
David M. Cote: Well, construction cycle still looks fine and whether it's commercial or residential it still looks okay. It's not like it's a boom but by the same token it still seems to be coming back pretty steady. Tom, I don't know if...
David M. Cote: Pretty much. Yeah, we pretty much assume that continues just the way it is, so slow steady growth, not a boom but not a decline either.
David M. Cote: Well, I've built a special closet to keep Darius in from time to time. This is by the way – I think if you take a look at our history, when it comes to transitions and how we do things, I think we tend to do things pretty well and think them through. And, yes, I'm very hands-on, Darius is very hands-on. He wouldn't have got the job unless he was. He's an independent thinker. He's going to be important for the evolution of the company. And, yeah, it's going to be important for me to recognize the difference between my job and Darius'. We get along really well or at least at this point Darius says we get along really well, so it feels that way. But at the end of the day, I don't foresee a real issue doing this. We can manage it and we want a great transition because I still own a lot of shares, Darius owns a lot of shares, we want this thing to work well. So, I don't foresee it being a real issue.
David M. Cote: It'll be more advisory than anything else, because there has to be one guy running the place, otherwise it's just chaos. And until March 31, I run it; starting in April, Darius runs it. And that's going to be...
David M. Cote: Yeah, I would say it's reflected in the full-year guidance that we've given. We've fully contemplated those factors, John.
David M. Cote: No, you shouldn't be reading any big implications into any of this. This is just a case where I am 64. At some point investors start to look at and say, hey, we like you Dave but like what's next here and how do we make sure this continues. We've got a really good guy in Darius and he's ready now. There's no reason to wait. And better off, like Belichick, I guess, would say is better to leave a year, two early than a year, two late, and I think it's important to get the timing right. We agree on the initiatives that we want for the company. We both agree on the need to outperform, and how do we do that. I think if you were to talk to Darius, he'd talk about the need for HOS Gold and the breakthrough initiatives, the need to develop our software capability even further. What we're doing in high-growth regions ends up continuing to be important. All that being said, all this stuff is going to evolve. It's never a case – I've never felt that way where a strategy was permanently correct. Rather you needed to keep adjusting. You needed to keep evolving, whether you are a person, a company, a country, you've got to keep evolving, and we've done a lot of evolving over 15 years. And I think you can expect Darius to keep it evolving for the next 15.
David M. Cote: Oh, I think both are going to be extremely good, and you take a look at what's possible in the homes and buildings sector, especially with our installed base, and the increasing need for software-capable products and services. It's quite entrancing with what can happen there, and having a more intense focus on it, I think is going to be very good for us. On the commercial and industrial side with John Waldron, we're going to see the exact same thing, and the push that we've made with Intelligrated is going to help greatly there. The warehouse space we feel is going to be tremendous for a long time to come, especially with the development of the e-economy. And that's going to play very well for us, especially as you look at what we do with barcode scanning and how that fits. I'm really quite entranced with what can happen there.
David M. Cote: Right. And that's exactly the point of HOS Gold and what we're trying to do, and you combine that with the breakthrough goals that Darius has been a big supporter of and I think has improved significantly just in the three months that he's been doing this – puts us in a really good position. There is a lot of good growth to come out of the two businesses.
David M. Cote: Yeah, on the connectivity side, things are going very well there, and this really is a far superior product. The thing that's been going on right now is, while it exists, every airframer needs to get it certified so that it can be put on the aircraft. Demand is very good. We just need to be able to get the certifications done with the airframers so that we can get it out there. I'm pretty well-convinced that when consumers actually start to feel the difference between existing services and what we're able to provide with a JetWave, we're going to be quite impressed, and it's going to get to a point where consumers ask for it. And it's going to be a differentiating item for airlines, for their consumers. Interestingly, some of the surveys that have been done show that on a three-hour flight or less, passengers prefer a strong Wi-Fi to access to a bathroom, quite significant when you look at it that way. And we're really hot on what this connectivity initiative is going to be able to do for us. And on ADS-B, it's typical with any mandate is that it seems to all be backend-loaded as customers wait. And we'll be prepared for it.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I think this is one where you've got to look at the record. And just – I mean for simplicity, just compare last year to this year. Sales growth was tough last year, also. It was a difficult environment last year. And we kept breaking out the margin rate improvement chart to show, here's the operational stuff and here's all the other stuff that just goes on top of it, and focus on the operational piece because the rest of the stuff can disappear. Well, this year it's just gone the other way. The operational improvement is still pretty darn good and consistent with last year. And if you look over on the right-hand side, in this continued slow-growth environment, just like last year, it's just going the other way is all. But at the end of the day, the operational performance continues to be very good in a slow-growth environment. That parts not changing, and we're the same company that we were before. And what we're trying to do is just highlight these kind of swing items and say, don't focus on these. We're not asking for credit when it goes our way, and you shouldn't be dinging us when it goes the other way because the fundamentals of the company are still there, are still good and portends for a very good future for Honeywell share owners.
David M. Cote: In a difficult environment, we continue to outperform for our investors. That's not going to change. The fundamentals for us remain as good as you saw in this quarter with our performance and our confidence in again raising our guidance for the year, this time to 8% to 10% growth. Rest assured we're going to continue to deliver. And we hope you all get to enjoy a great summer. Thanks.
Thomas A. Szlosek: In fact, it helps us that we're building install base and it drives the future service business for that business.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, you appreciate the lumpiness we've had that comes with being in that business. But we have very good visibility to the second half ramp, Scott. In fact, when you look at the third quarter, more than three quarters of the catalyst sales that we foresee are in backlog and ready to go. And in the fourth quarter, we're near the same position that we've been in the past in terms of the percentage of backlog that we have. So there's little bit more wood to chop for the fourth quarter but we have good line of sight and good visibility and yes there is a step up but the team is confident in being able to execute on it.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, the backlogs are holding up and as far as Defense and Space goes, the challenges for us were more in I'd say the commercial helicopter market. And a lot of the other defense companies that have commercial helicopter business, separate those out. We've got ours right in the Defense segment. And with the number of used aircraft available, as well as the declines in the drilling activity, you've seen a reduction in spare parts and services and that's impacting our portfolio there. Your guess is as good as ours in terms of where oil prices are going and when the volumes will turn. But we feel pretty confident that we're at or close to a bottom in UOP and we expect that to kind of prevail through the rest of our portfolio as well. So we expect to see this improve. The technology that we have in commercial helos is outstanding, top-notch, and we serve all the big helicopter manufacturers and have very strong aftermarket business as well. So it should turn for us, Andrew.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, when you look at the third quarter for ACS, we're calling flat to up 1% fourth quarter in that same region, down 1% to flat. So it's a little bit more conservative actually than what we've seen quarter-to-date. We had a very strong first quarter, as you remember, Steve, up I think 5% or 6%; a little more modest in the second quarter. So I think we've actually built the second half fairly conservatively in ACS. We'll get some improvement in S&PS, particularly in the fourth quarter to help us get that growth rate.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, you saw the dilution in the margin rate overall for ACS. It was on order of 50 basis points to 70 basis points. That will moderate as we get into the third quarter and fourth quarter. So overall, it'll be a margin improvement for us. And by the time we get to the fourth quarter, we'll have very strong 100 basis points improvement in ACS on an organic basis.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, to me, the visibility is stronger, obviously, Nigel, in the – for the second half of the year. But in terms of our planning for 2017, we certainly are expecting significant improvement overall in UOP, on the equipment side as well as in catalysts. I mean, remember, we were down 35% in the first quarter and something like 17%, 18% this quarter. That's going to start to improve in the second half with that building of the backlog. The team is very confident in terms of both the second half and their ability to generate orders to support 2017. The full visibility of the full year obviously isn't there, but in terms of what the leaders in the business see, and we've just went through the five-year planning exercise, which had a heavy focus on the earlier years. There's optimism in terms of what the market conditions are going to hold for us in 2017.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I guess I would say that in ACS that was the strongest vertical for us in the quarter and it has been for the last couple of years, mid-single-digit growth at least in the businesses that serve the commercial segments.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, Joe, I would add to that and I would say that in addition to the operational improvement that's in the triple digits, I mean when you look at the items that brought us back to a recorded margin rate that was lower than that 110 basis points, they're either items that are – will turn for us or that are of an investment nature. So for example, if you look at foreign exchange, we're going from an FX rate of $1.24 last year to $1.10 this quarter. I talked about 2017 and some of the hedging we've done, so that will be an actual – at our tails next year. And when I look at the OEM incentives that we're making, I mean this was the year that we've always flagged as having to deal with over $200 million of P&L impact from the increased incentives. Those level off next year and actually help us to build an install base for service opportunities. And in the longer term, those decrease. So it'll be another tailwind for us. And third, you've got a lot of M&A going on. We've done eight acquisitions in the last year. There is a lot of focus on that. But when you're doing acquisitions, especially the size of the ones we've done, you do get some headwinds in the earlier quarters from the purchase accounting step up, the integration team cost and the like. And those will all turn for us as well and really be a nice margin driver for us in the future. We're really happy with the acquisitions. And as I said, we don't include the organic growth that we're experiencing in those acquisitions in the minus 2% organic growth rate that we talk about. But those acquisitions grew 8% to 9% on their own, if you compared how they did under prior ownership to how they did with Honeywell, so pretty strong performance. So we're really actually excited about these various factors because they're going to turn and have a positive influence for next year.
