Darius Adamczyk: Sure, I can start and then turn it over to Tom. I mean, I think, overall, kind of the summary note is we're pretty - we're fairly bullish on all the segments. Obviously, aero started off with the year very, very strong from top line growth rate. We anticipate that mix to change a bit more between OE and aftermarket. So that might temper the growth rate at the top level, but nevertheless, should improve margin performance. In terms of PMT, we see acceleration clearly in the second half of the year, particularly in HPS and UOP, especially given the kind of order rates that we've seen and also a much more favorable mix going forward. HBT, a very solid quarter, we expect that one to kind of remain steady for the year. We don't see sort of any major changes versus the kind of run rates we've seen. And in SPS, I think that one, the growth rates there we anticipate to be similar, if not, higher going forward, certainly even more upsides from Intelligrated, further recovery from the productivity products business and safety, so overall, kind of flat to down. So, that's sort of at a higher level. Tom, if you want to just…
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I would say the pipeline continues to be robust. I wouldn't believe everything you read, Steve. But I think overall as we look at our UOP business, that's one of our - that's one of the best businesses we have in the portfolio. And anything we can do to complement and augment it, it's probably something that would certainly deserve a look. But, overall, I mean, I think you saw we deployed capital in Q1. I thought the stock was a steal at 165 bucks a share. In the low $140s it becomes an absolute no-brainer. So we did deploy capital a bit more aggressively in Q1 than we anticipated, given the opportunistic market that presented itself. But I will tell you that we're very aggressively looking at potential M&A. And we expect something to happen here, hopefully, in the next quarter or two.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I think there are so many factors involved here that it's to say this kind of size and this kind of size. It all depends what the opportunities are. I think I've stated before and I'll stay consistent, that our preference is for bolt-on acquisitions, so roughly in that $3 billion or less ZIP code purchase price. That's sort of a rough figure. But that's kind of what I'd expect. And based on the pipeline and based on what we see in there. I'm still fairly confident of that figure. So that's kind of my expectations. I don't anticipate any sort of mega-deals out there. I don't see that happening, so kind of expect something $3 billion or less in that kind of a range.
Darius Adamczyk: Oh, no, no, it's definitely haven't - no, it's going to - we look at that a couple of times a year, at least a couple of times a year, if not, more. So we're continuously looking at the deep-dive of our portfolio. Our internal strategic planning period is in July. So, as you can imagine, it's going to be another full review and we do that two, three times a year. So as I mentioned last year, the portfolio is always going to be evolving. We're always going to be making it better and kind of adding to the top, subtracting from the bottom businesses that we don't classify as Honeywell businesses that may be fantastic businesses in their own right, but frankly, don't fit the Honeywell portfolio. So I expect that kind of a top-grading process and a bit what is a Honeywell business to continue. By the way, not that there's anything imminent, but you should expect us to continue to review our portfolio.
Darius Adamczyk: It is. I think, I would - the other thing I would just point out, Julian, is that this kind of a revenue beat, we still came in right dead-center of our range on margin expansion. That's not that easy to do, right? When you beat revenue, generally, there's - you take some hit in terms of margin expansion. And we did both. We beat revenue and stayed very much bull's eye on exactly what we say we were going to do on margin expansion. So I think that, that's a good set of facts.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, we're actually bullish on the second half, especially as we look at our order pipeline and some of the mega deals that we haven't seen in a while. It's actually the order pipeline looks very robust. And we actually expect then improvement in terms of some of the potential larger deals in the second half of this year. So we remain - we very much remain bullish on the process business with continued growth. And we anticipate securing some of those larger mega deals in the second half of this year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. And I think the other thing, Jeff, just to point out is that a lot of this stuff has not actually been enacted yet. But nevertheless, we want to make sure we're prepared through a combination of shifting of the supply chains, alternative supply chains, value capture, all those elements. So we want to make sure that we're prepared and also offering comment to a lot of the proposed tariffs. So we're kind of working this one on many, many fronts to make sure that we don't get caught flat-footed.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, one other maybe fact to point out, Jeff, is that we're also driving much more service contracts rather than break-fix events. And then, we just feel that, that's the right way to operate with our customers. So we probably will have a little bit less cyclicality than some of the others, because we want to drive a much more consistent revenue stream rather than kind of a break-and-fix approach. And I think it's one that we've done in a lot of our other businesses, which really aligns our objectives, which is greater durability, better reliability that goes with the customer rather than the opposite, so that's also a factor here. And Tim and his team are driving a lot of service contracts, both around the Connected Aircraft as well as the service agreements.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I mean, I think obviously we did bump it up this quarter. Overall, we bumped up the guide on the revenue for the year after one quarter. And we're going to see how it goes. Provided we continue to see these kinds of booking rates, these kinds of growth rates, there may be further opportunities in the second half of the year. It's one quarter in. And although, I'm extraordinarily optimistic both on the Aerospace prospects as well as the broader Honeywell, I also have to notice one quarter. So as we continue to see the business progress, potentially there could be more upside in the second half of the year, but we'll see.
Darius Adamczyk: It's been a bit steady as we go. I mean, March was actually a very, very strong month for us. January was a little bit slower on the short-cycle business. So it's a little bit difficult for me to develop a trend here. And most of the tariff and trade protectionism announcements have been March and April. So impact, if any, is not yet to be felt. April seems to be pretty reasonable based on what we see so far. So we're not seeing major impact yet. But I also think it's really important, as I pointed out, Jeff, that we're prepared and we take appropriate actions to mitigate any potential enactment of the tariffs, so, so far so good. But we don't know what we don't know. And, clearly, the geopolitical environment today is different than it was three months ago. And, we probably - we don't know more today than three months ago.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, no, China growth over in Q1 was north of 20%. So I was actually a little bit more worried about China for this year. But based on Q1, and that's coupled in Q1 with not a particularly great air and water quarter. And even despite all those challenges in that business, we still grew more than 20%. So that gives you an idea of the kind of positions that we enjoy in China and certainly the kind of growth that we continue to experience.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, sure, Scott. So I think, in general, our overall High Growth Regions was high-single-digit, so right about where we were planning. I would tell you, China was a highlight growing north of 20%. India was a little bit slower, I think mid-single-digit. That was a bit of a surprise. But we expect that to recover in the rest of the year. Middle East, we're seeing some uptick in activity, think about mid-single-digit there as well. In terms of probably some of our challenges, and it continues to be a little bit of a challenge, is Latin America namely Brazil, that we don't see much of a recovery, the election later this year and hopefully continue to see some stability. But I would say that's a challenge. Solid growth both in North America and Europe, so that good level of growth continues there. And overall, fairly steady and consistent growth profile with the exception of Brazil, which continues to be a challenge.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I think it's important. But if you really take a look at the criteria of what's Honeywell business and what I look for, nowhere does it say it has to be Connected, it has to have an IoT component. That's actually not one of the criteria. But the only thing I do say is that I like less cyclical rather than more cyclical. But I don't think that, that's a requirement. Obviously, it's something that we would clearly look at. But if we take a look at businesses that are less susceptible to disruption, where we see good growth vectors, which are well aligned to mega trends, tougher to disrupt, steady growing rather than highly cyclical, they don't necessarily have to be IIoT-related for us to have an interest. So clearly, those have an interest, but so do technology businesses that don't necessarily have an IIoT orientation.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I think, commercial helo is probably not a highlight yet. We don't see sort of major robust level of activity there yet. But I think we're more than enthused based on what we're seeing on the - our air transport and now uptick in activity in business jets. So I guess, there always has to be one little bit of a lowlight. And I would say there's not as strong a recovery as we would have hoped on commercial helo. But nevertheless, the rest of the Aerospace business is very strong, so.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I mean, Joe, as you know, PMT is a tough business to judge based on one quarter, because as you know the catalyst makeup and what we ship, and the mix particularly when UOP can dramatically change the results. So both based on the backlogs that we see, based on the short-cycle activity and HPS and so on. When we get to the end of the year, we're very comfortable that the margin expansion is going to look very much in line with what we're projecting and continue to be very, very bullish on the PMT business.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, well, I think obviously this is - what we bought back in Q1 is higher than what we normally do. If you look back about our buyback trends, this level of buyback in Q1 is actually relatively aggressive, because I just - like I said, I thought it was a steal at $165. In the $140s, it just - it was - it's absolutely compelling. Now, having said that, you're right, I mean, I do want to keep the powder dry. We indicated both at our Investor Day and our Q1 - or our Q4 call that we have a slight preference for M&A. So as we kind of see the year evolve, we'll see how things change. As I mentioned prior - in the call, we do have a fairly robust M&A pipeline. I do hope that one or two deals materialize here in the next quarter or two. And we'll see how it goes. So it's - I know kind of deploying everything all at once and without having further optionality I don't think is ever a great idea. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. But I think the value of the stock currently is compelling at the same time. So it's the constant tradeoff that we go through.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I mean - I think both - well, couple of things. Number one is our relationship with Boeing remain strong and we expect that to continue. Number two, I think as you look at our services that I referred to earlier as you think about the value story around the Connected Aircraft, that's compelling to our end-customers. And that's reflected into service rates, the order rates that we're seeing, the interest. I talked about the deal with Singapore and you think about Singapore is clearly one of the market leaders in terms of their thinking and their approach to aviation. So I remain very, very bullish on our approach. And given the kind of set of offerings that we have in the Aerospace segment, both in mechanical and avionics, we are uniquely positioned to be a key player in the Connected Aircraft. And that's being reflected in the kind of relationships we're able to formulate and the business we're enjoying. And I think it's only going to accelerate.
Darius Adamczyk: We delivered exceptional results in the first quarter of 2018 and have strong order rates and a growing backlog as we begin the second quarter. I am confident in our ability to deliver outstanding results for our customers, our share owners and our employees. One last note, in a few weeks, we will be hosting an Investor Showcase to highlight our Safety and Productivity Solutions business, particularly our technologies for the Connected Warehouse and Connected Supply Chain. John Waldron and his team are looking forward to showing you why we're so excited about the growth opportunities in that business. Enjoy the rest of your day and we'll talk with you soon. Thank you.
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah, no, I mean, the only thing I'd add is - and it's a good summary - the strong performance in the first quarter across the board. I think Aerospace in particular was the one that gave us more lift than we anticipated. And that's the reason we're principally raising the guide for sales growth for the rest of the year. The other three businesses, their growth guidance is the same. And then margin guidance for each of the business, relatively similar to what we had guided previously.
Thomas Szlosek: No, I don't think there's any major changes from what we've talked about in the original guide. I mean, we are seeing a little bit more inflation, but I think we are able to offset that through our productivity initiatives. And mix-wise, it's - it isn't really much of a different dynamic except, as I said, for Aerospace, we've got a bit heavier on the OE side. And within the defense business we've got a different mix on platforms. But other than that, we're pretty much in line with what we had guided.
Thomas Szlosek: The other thing I'd mention, Julian, is the - when you look at process, you see the impact of the growth in the installed base, because the service bank continues to grow nicely for us. And it's pushing double digits in terms of the backlog of service bank. So we're really encouraged by continued investments in projects that build out that installed base and give us that momentum going forward.
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, when you look at the - well, first of all, I mean, aluminum and steel, I mean, we're not a heavy metal company. It's - we're not - I mean, we're technology, so not a lot of steel and aluminum. But when you look at the tariffs that are country-specific, those don't tend to distinguish between commodities. And in our case, there was a fair amount of activity in UOP around catalyst technology and equipment that flows between the two countries. And that's one we're watching closely. We've got some fairly good contingency plans that we are developing and are in place. So we're not counting on this just evaporating and going away; some involve changes to the supply chain; some involve acceleration; some involve working with our customers on different outcomes. But rest assured that Rajeev and Rebecca, Darius are all very much focused on how to deal with the impacts.
Thomas Szlosek: I think we need to do more of what we did in the first quarter. Actually, what was really nice about the first quarter was that our working capital was about - when you look at our statement of cash flows, you'll see the amounts we put into working capital were identical year-over-year, despite the significant growth that we had on the top line, so we're managing that well. And I think, if we can continue to do that, we'll be in good shape. The other thing that, of course, is helping us is, we've moderated our CapEx spend. I think our CapEx spend in the quarter was down probably $30 million or so year-over-year. So between those two factors and the good volume, I think we are on that trajectory that you referred to.
Thomas Szlosek: No, Jeff, I don't think so. I mean, for us, there certainly is a fair amount of new installed base getting built out. And you have some of the older models that would drive good service bank and good service business coming out of service actually, so - and while the new installed base is under warranty, you tend to see a little bit lower revenues on the service side. But overall, both on spares and R&O, the demand is pretty healthy. And hopefully, we'll continue to drive an accelerated growth over the 4% that we had in the first quarter.
Thomas Szlosek: And just on India, Darius mentioned it was little disappointing. But three of the four businesses were actually double-digits. PMT had some timing on some projects that we'll push out into the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. So I think I would expect that India overall composite growth number to improve sequentially over the course of the rest of the year.
Thomas Szlosek: No, I think the - I mean, you can read all the stuff that we read about the used jet inventory and the prices and so forth. That clearly is a favorable factor for us. But, I think the biggest thing is the new launches that are coming out. And we've talked a lot about in the last couple of years about our winning positions on the various platforms. And whether it's Cessna, Gulfstream and so forth, they've got all - they've got certifications coming out in 2018. And that's going to be a nice factor for us. The other thing is the mandates. You continue to see some of these mandates coming into effect up and through 2020, 2021. I mean, that's going to drive our growth as well. So as I said, we - for the first quarter, we approached double-digit growth in the OE on both ATR and BGA. And knock on wood, we're encouraged by the momentum.
Thomas Szlosek: I think, it's kind of what I was saying earlier. I mean, overall the level of activity has been robust. You are seeing a different mix in the installed base of newer aircraft that are under warranty, have less maintenance. You see older aircraft coming out. But beyond that, the level of both repair and overhaul activity on spares has been solid.
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, I would point to our long-cycle businesses, I think. I mean, we just got done talking about business jet. That could be a factor that's contributing to the - that OE momentum that I referenced. I think on the oil and gas side, I mean, I think, it's more to do with stability on the pricing and the confidence that it's giving the industry, where you're going to see more CapEx will return to - not return to previous peak levels, but certainly an improvement from the declines we've seen in the last couple of years. Those are the - I think, two places that I would say we see it the most.
Thomas Szlosek: And it's not that it's negative. I mean, internationally as an example, we are seeing very modest growth on the helo side. But it's not what we were experiencing a year ago or two years ago in terms of the pressures.
Thomas Szlosek: I was going to say, the technologies that we have invested in the - number of engineers that we have supporting all of the different product platforms and the verticals that we serve, puts us in a very unique position in terms of developing offerings that get us on platforms, as you've seen over the last few years, for us to continue to win more than our fair share. So it's those investments and keeping those fresh and alive are what is going to enable us to compete robustly.
