Elena Doom: Thank you, Zack. Welcome to Honeywell's fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning we will review our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, as well as share with you our guidance for the fourth and full year 2014. Finally as always, we will leave time for your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Specifically, John, to put some perspective on it, we had something shifting, numbers. If you look back at the fourth quarter of 2012. We did start to see the impact of aircraft dismantling and asset pooling and that really pulled down in the developed economies, their spare sales. For example, U.S. spares in the fourth quarter of 2012 were down over 20%. Obviously this is partially offset by what we talked about a year ago, a bit of a pull-forward in buying behavior out of China. So in the fourth quarter of 2012, our China spares were up over 40%. So now, if we fast forward to 2013, in the fourth quarter we did see a return of more normal buying behavior across almost all of the geographies but in particular, you see the U.S. rebounding nicely, up over 20%, while China spare sales increased sequentially, though they are still facing that difficult comp and I think about 10% within the quarter. So moving forward to 2014, we do expect the ATR aftermarket there to grow in the first quarter in excess of flight hours as a result of the easier comp and obviously more normal buying behavior.
Elena Doom: Well, John, I would point out that, in the fourth quarter, we did see very strong buying behavior in China. Dave referenced this in his opening comments. So there is some free buy ahead of some potential regulation changes on emission that certainly bode very well for the TS sales in China in the quarter. So we are not anticipating that that will repeat.
David Cote: Things feel pretty good for us in China, Scott. We did pretty well. If you take a look at the total year and the fourth quarter, and when we take a look at our short cycle order rates, they are also looking pretty robust and it's pretty much across the board, across all the businesses, and I really think it has a lot to do with the focus we have on becoming the Chinese competitor. This makes us a lot more local in everything we do and I think that's an economy that's going to continue to grow and grow for a long time, and we have just been working very hard at positioning ourselves there to be successful.
David Cote: I guess, I would break it into the two pieces. I am not sure always how reliable all those statistics are when you see industrial production and that kind of thing out of China, so whether it's really good or really bad on the statistics. I think some of that was a bit of a grain of salt. Overall though, I would say we still see it growing, and within that we are growing better, so I think it's a combination of the two.
David Cote: First I would say, if you noticed that it’s really spread across the businesses where we have done a lot of this. And the nice thing I like about it is, we still see lots of opportunity to be able to improve our operations. As you know, our margin rates are still lower than our, say high margin rate peers, and that's all upside for us as we continue to make the company more efficient. So the restructuring is pretty much spread amongst the businesses.
David Cote: I obviously don't want to comment on anything anybody else is saying about it. I would say though that we did degradation in the course of last year, largely because non-patent related product and this is a game where you got to be able to have really unique stuff and that's the advantage we have. Once we are able to start producing that and introducing it, then we will be in that much better a shape. I don't know that we have actually set quarter-by-quarter how much it affects us, but we did feel and in fact last year I don't expect to see a huge decrement again this year.
David Cote: In terms of headwind that we are going to have from PMT in the first quarter, due to phenomena I just mentioned. By the way, the other headwind we have as I talked about was ACS, which is well known in terms of the acquisition, in terms of margin rate. I am just talking margin rate. It's, say, about a third of the of impact in terms of the PMT phenomena.
David Cote: Well, I would say, Steve, there is always obviously a big difference between actual and forecast. And when you are trying to forecast out for five years, its one thing to just put a really bullish economic scenario behind it, it is another to say, okay we want to make sure that we can do whatever it is that we say that we are going to do. I would rely though that, if we take a look at how we done on actual, historically we have always done very well when it came to actual, especially worse is our forecast. If we say, okay we have got plan to grow a certain percent over the next five years and the economy is significantly better than what we expected, that certainly won't be holding ourselves to that as a maximum, rather we are going to continue to be focused on how do we outperform our peers every quarter, every year, just like we have in the past. So I wouldn't get too hung up on a forecast that how bullish is the macro forecast for the economy. I am certainly hopeful that it ends up better than what I tend to think it is going to be but it is showing signs of some life now. I don't know that we are going to see a really robust economy over the next five years but you just don't know. No matter what happens, it will be our intent to outperform on the actual.
David Cote: Well, we have done a lot of seed planting. There is a lot cabbage to be picked up. I agree with you.
David Cote: Well, I think hacking back to the comment Dave just made on restructuring and how we keep a pretty full pipeline. We do the same thing when it comes to M&A, looking at what's available, what's possible, how do we continue to do what we call our milk runs, and just calling on companies and heard me liken it to being at a retail business where you sit there and from 10:00 to 2:00, nobody shows up and then at 2:00 for some reason seven people come it at the same time and you wonder why it wasn't spread out during the day. Well. the same thing happens with M&A deals. Sometimes they come in a bunch like they did nine, ten months ago and sometimes you go a year-and-half without much happening. So its tough to predict. So if you are focused on making smart deals like we continue to do, then it is probably going to keep coming in bunches, because I never say, okay, we have got to deploy $2 billion a year or anything like that. I want to make sure that we continue to say, stay smart about this. That being said, there is just a whole lot of opportunity for us when it comes to M&A. It's a big world out there and we look at the possibilities for great positions in good industries, building off the portfolio we have. There's still a lot of good stuff out there. So we are going to continue looking. When it comes to repurchases, I want that in our quiver as the things that we could be doing. We are going to continue to at least hold share count flat. Its my intent to do that. So. I want to make sure that we are a little more opportunistic when it comes to it. I am always fearful of falling into that 80% that buys at the wrong time and I would like make sure that we fall into the 20% that looks like, wow, that was a really smart thing to do. I think timing does make a difference there and we will continue to think about it that way. So I still see a lot of M&A potential and I think we have proven over the years that we are reasonably good at it.
David Cote: The pattern of that, Jeff, will vary just as the pattern varies by quarter in 2014, vary by business, by year based up on their individual growth outlooks, if you will to make up the long cycle short cycle, all of those factors are going to influence, but when you look at the overall five-year numbers as Dave said, we think are very positive for all the businesses.
David Cote: I would say between their capability and ours, extremely complimentary in market, technology and sales outreach and even manufacturing, so quite good.
David Cote: I am not sure what you are looking for specifically there, Howard, but yes. We do have a pile of new products coming out of the Aero business, some of which they have talked about, some of which they haven't and so far so good, things are going well.
David Cote: Okay. Well, you can expect us to talk more about that on Investor Day, because you are correct. We think that's the place that we excel and we see continuing to increase.
David Cote: We think that's something that starts to get a little bit better this year than it was last year overall.
David Cote: Currency also has a big impact there, but the assumption that we make, when using, as you recall, John, we are using a 1.30 Euro to Dollars. So that has a little bit of a headwind effect to TS. It's largely non-U.S., today, business. So that does have an influence as well.
David Cote: John, I would go back to what I said earlier. It's tough to know. We look at small stuff, we look at the bigger stuff and you just never know when something is all of a sudden become actionable and I don't want to ever commit certain amount every year, because it's not necessarily the way deals come in, but I could tell you we are very interested in M&A, because I think we have proven we are good at it. Where, it's focused on doing a good job with it today as we were 10 years ago, because it's not an area where we ever want to make a mistake, so who knows? I would just say that I have a predilection for doing M&A, because I think we are good at it and it's a way for us to really add value.
David Cote: I guess it depends on how we define bigger deal, because I am not favoring one or the other. At the end of the day, I just want to do good deals and I would rather do 10 $200 million really good deals than to do a $2 billion average deal. By the same token, if there is a $2 billion, really good deal. I am certainly not going to sit here going well, that's too big. I don't want to do that, so it's got to be on a case-by-case basis. The thing I can promise you is, no matter how this ends up evolving or developing, I will be able to make a strong case to you on why we can make good money on this focused on cost synergies, not counting on sales synergies and it will be a great position in a good industry.
David Cote: Of course. We certainly like what we have accomplished, and not just in this quarter, of course. While that does feel good, what feels even better is what we can see coming as we continue to outperform. I got to say it's been very fulfilling to complete our first five-year plan with panache even in a weaker than expected macro economy. That being said, as I say a lot and my team has heard me say a lot, yesterday's press clippings wrap today's fish. We intend to continue outperforming for a long time and the seed planting that we have done for several years now puts us in a great position to make that happen. We continue to look forward and we look forward to sharing our next five-year plan with you at our March Investor Day. Thanks for listening.
David Anderson: I am not sure what number I would put on the overall growth, Scott, but I would say as we said in last year's investor presentation, there is explosive growth possible in our Turbo business for a number of reasons. One is exactly what you said about the increasing standards around the world. The second is that a Turbo is one of the easiest, least, technologically difficult things for any OEM to do in order to achieve those standards. There is a lot of more complex stuff they can do, but Turbo, they are pretty well known, pretty well understood. I think that penetration rate is going to continue and we are uniquely advantaged within that space because we have a jet engine business, and that jet engine business allow just stuff like Material Science, Airflow Handling to be shared with the Turbocharger, because the Turbo is really just a small jet engine. So again I would say, it's the combination of the two. That market is going to continue to grow very well, but we will also grow very well within that market because of our capability.
David Anderson: If you look at it across the business, and here we are really talking about, Steve, obviously we are talking about growth investments and so you have to keep up that the investments part of that in quote, because it’s really P&L but it's really building for the future. So, it's a combination of R&D new product. The whole new product process, introduction process, CapEx, and the flow through of depreciation related to that CapEx, it's the expansion, feet on the street in terms of high growth region as well as just as you know, just the over continued investment we are making in terms of sales and marketing capabilities and engineering capabilities. It's about 50 basis points.
David Anderson: I think Dave just to add to that, and Steve, we talked about this. You are aware of this. I mean, the whole ideation, if you will, the development of projects and the pipeline of projects is something that we take very, very seriously, and it's something that's not a stop/start. This is a continual good process in terms of really looking for those opportunities to really set a new bar, if you will, in terms of the performance of the businesses. The other thing is, it's really consistent with, and we talked about, just a continued expansion and the growth of the global footprint of the company, really realizing the opportunity that exists in terms of the GDP, the GDP growth globally. So all of that functional transformation. It's amazing the things that we continue to do in terms of really a rethinking our model for support, both the service levels and the quality levels and the cost levels in FT. Just this past year I was working with Dave on the functions, it's amazing, the amount of things that you could consider to be still sort of breakthrough. Those all represent repositioning opportunities. We view that very, very positively, we are obviously strategic in our thinking and then very good we think in terms of execution by actually delivering on those results. We take that very seriously as well in terms of the ongoing tracking and management of these projects. It's something you ought to count on from us.
David Anderson: Just to add to, Dave, to what you have said, and we referenced a meaningful headwind for us in the first quarter and it's measureable in terms of impact, so that is something that's going to moderate in terms of headwind in the first quarter. It happened to be paired timing-wise with also the headwind that we got out of UOP in terms of Parex shipments when we really had for the first quarter, where we really had just a rollout you recall first quarter 2013 By the way, that first quarter 2013, as I referenced when I went through my remarks, was also on top of a very strong first quarter '11 and in the first quarter '12. In 2014, we have a little bit of sort of the confluence of events with both, UOP fall into little bit in Resins and Chemicals and it is related to the phenomena, Steve, that you mentioned and then basically that moderates then over the course of 2014.
David Anderson: Okay, another thing to add. If you just look at 2013 and this is another, I think, kudos for the company, you look at 2013, we had $1.1 billion in terms of share buyback. Te had roughly the same number in terms of M&A. Dividend, we paid out $1.4 billion rounds. $1.375 billion roughly, $1.4 billion. This is very strong performance and I think if you look at the track record of Honeywell, what we have been able to deliver, not only operationally but in terms of, as Dave said, smart capital deployment. Smart deals we thought. If you go back to 2005 Nomar transaction, the UOP transaction, go forward in terms of what we have done in terms of building on a position in gas detection, our safety products business. The growth now and AIDC Scanning and Mobility. These are all very, very smart adds that lend themselves to further both, organic and inorganic growth. Thomas Russell add to UOP. As Dave said, the pipeline is rich. There is always the distance between the cup and the lip. In M&A, it's very tough to move from concept to actually close, but what we have done has been very successful and the track record is well balanced in our capital deployment. 50% of our cash over the last 10 years deployed to build the business into CapEx or M&A, 50% back to shareholders either in the form of dividend or share buyback, so we are just going to continue to be smart about it. We think that disciplined approach pays out over time together with the operating discipline and the operating performance.
David Anderson: Jeff, I like everything that Dave just said with one exception I might modify and correct his pronunciation of the word smart.
David Anderson: By the way, Jeff, just a compliment for you, we were really amused by your phrase. A pretty typical street forecasting, well done.
David Anderson: And maybe a way to summarize all of that is to say that the guidance is the same which is, we are looking at mid single digit growth in the commercial aftermarket for aerospace in 2014.
David Anderson: I guess, it's the moderating effect of friction plus there is, let's say, a conservatism on our part when it comes to what's going to happen in Europe. So we think its bottomed at this point and that's why we are starting to see increases as new launches more than offset the slight declines but its just more a case of just wanting to not get too far off on this one.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Hi, Dave. One way to get at that question is that it kind of looks like the cabbage path is really slowing up.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: So, I mean, obviously you are not going to announce deals here today or anything but how active is the M&A pipeline and where is your head on share repurchase? Obviously you have got the $5 billion authorization you put out there. Its not clear that you are going to really aggressively move against that though.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Dave, I also just asked that question on the context of situation what it looks like you maybe could be net cash by the end of the year. You are going out a new five-year target right, I doubt if you are modeling the recession. Perhaps, you are, but if you are going to grow earnings 10%, 12%, 13% in next five years, that's going to be a (Inaudible).
