Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on slide two. The fourth quarter was another challenging one, with supply chain constraints and inflation headwinds still at play. But Honeywell's disciplined execution and differentiated solutions enable us to deliver on organic sales, segment margin, earnings and free cash flow commitments. Organic sales were up 10% year-over-year or up 11%, excluding the impact of the wind-down of operations in Russia, led by double-digit growth in commercial aviation, building products, advanced materials and UOP businesses, a testament to the underlying strength we are seeing across our end markets, particularly in long-cycle businesses. The fourth quarter was another strong one for our backlog, which grew to a new record of $29.6 billion, up 7% year-over-year and 2% sequentially due to strength in Aerospace and Performance Materials and Technologies. Orders were also a positive story in Aero and PMT, leading to a 2% organic orders growth and 6% sequential growth in the fourth quarter. The tailwinds we’ll continue to see in these two businesses gives us confidence in our 2023 outlook, which Greg and Vimal will share more detail about in a few minutes. Our segment margin expanded 150 basis points year-over-year, led by over 900 basis points of expansion in safety and productivity solutions as volumes improve. And we continue to stay ahead with the inflation curve through our strategic pricing actions. Excluding the year-over-year impact of our investment in Quantinuum, the margin expansion was 180 basis points. Free cash flow was $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter, with 125% adjusted conversion, down 18% year-over-year but delivering in line with our original guidance for the year. Capital deployment in the fourth quarter was $2.3 billion, including $1.4 billion of share repurchases, bringing our full year total to $4.2 billion in shares repurchased and exceeding our goal of $4 billion from our March Investor Day. For the full year 2022, we delivered outstanding results above the high-end of our initial guidance for segment margin and adjusted earnings per share, despite approximately $2 billion in year-over-year top line headwinds and constantly shifting macroeconomic conditions. We finished the year with 6% organic sales growth, 70 basis points of margin expansion and $8.76 of adjusted earnings per share, up 9% year-over-year and above the top end of our original $8.70 guide. Orders ended the year up 8% on an organic basis. And our backlog reached an all-time high of $29.6 billion. We generated $4.9 billion of cash in the year, 14% of our revenue. The appendix of this presentation contains a slide highlighting our guidance progression through 2022 as well as our performance against these guides. Capital deployment for 2022 was $7.9 billion in total, in addition to the $4.2 billion in share repurchases, which lowered our weighted average share count by 2.5%. We deployed $800 million to high-return capital expenditures and $200 million on closing the acquisition of US Digital Designs. Finally, we maintained our dividend growth policy, paying out $2.7 billion and raising our dividend for the 13th time in 12 years. As always, we continue to execute on our proven value-creation framework, which is underpinned by our Accelerator operating system. I am confident in the strength of our backlog and the tailwinds, we're seeing across our end markets, and I'm proud of our ability to execute and drive shareowner value to the current challenging environment. Now let's turn to slide 3 and to discuss an important development from the fourth quarter, which further improved our company's strength for the future. In the fourth quarter, we announced the final court approval of our buyout agreement with the NARCO Trust, providing the elimination of our funding obligations in exchange for our $1.325 billion cash payment to the trust. This liability has been weighing on our balance sheet since 2002, one of the numbers of legacy liabilities the company has been carefully managing. We recognized the charge from the buyout in the fourth quarter, and the cash outflow took place in January. Partially offsetting the impact of the buyout is the sale of Harbison-Walker International, the reorganized and renamed entity that emerged from the NARCO bankruptcy, which announced that and will be acquired from the Trust by private equity firm, Platinum Equity. We expect this transaction to be completed later in 2023, reducing the net free cash flow impact by approximately $300 million. This development represents a significant improvement in our financial strength. Specifically, it simplifies our balance sheet by eliminating our evergreen funding obligations, eliminates quarterly asbestos charges related to NARCO and extinguishes any further uncertainty on our company's financial health. Now let me turn over to Vimal, to discuss our fourth quarter results in more detail on slide 4.
Darius Adamczyk: 2022 was another year of both challenges and progress for Honeywell. Despite another host of macroeconomic and geopolitical difficulties, we attacked the challenges we faced head on, we over-delivered on our financial commitments. While 2023 brings new -- including potential recession scenarios, leading to uncertain demand in short cycle with a record $30 billion backlog, a robust balance sheet and one that has been further derisked due to the NARCO settlement and the ability to deploy capital organically and inorganically, I remain optimistic about the future of Honeywell and believe the company is well positioned to drive innovation to solve some of the world's most challenging problems. One last item before we move to Q&A. I'm pleased to announce that our 2023 Investor Day will be held on May 11 in New York City. At this Investor Day, I, along with our other members of the senior management team, will provide an update on Honeywell's business strategy, exciting new growth opportunities and our long-term growth algorithm. We look forward to sharing more about Honeywell's future data. With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And maybe just to add to that, I mean, I think SPS results, particularly in Q4, really exemplify our -- the strength of our operating systems and how quickly we adjust to market conditions. As you saw, they posted record margins. And that's not by accident. That's by very pronounced actions that -- they were facing some challenges on the revenue side. They adjusted their cost structure. They maximized our aftermarket services business, which resulted in a really nice margin profile. That's an example of how Honeywell operates, which is when we see challenges, we act upon them early and make sure that we still print very good results despite some market headwinds.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And maybe just some closing two points, we do expect modest margin expansion in Aero. And we're very committed to the goal we gave you at the last Investor Day.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. And I think that's important is that we do -- we just don't do pricing blindly. I mean we do watch demand versus pricing versus balancing our inflation. And we try to do that thoughtfully such that it's not just blind increases. We also have to be mindful of market share, demand, et cetera. And we've got a set of analytics to do that. I mean this is the power of Honeywell Digital, which we've been implementing in the last three to four years. Our level of visibility accuracy is actually really good, and it's a new set of muscles we've developed actually in the last 1.5 years as we face this inflationary environment.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. Let me kind of -- there's sort of not one way to describe it, but I'll give you a few metrics which indicate sort of the direction. I mean, I think the punchline, the summary punchline, it is improving, and we saw that. I mean we saw a reduction in our past two and three out of the four SBGs. The only one the past dues went up in Q4 was Aero. But we also saw very robust demand in Aero. So I think you have to offset that. Is that an issue? Is that an opportunity? And I would tell you that our Aero output on a year-over-year basis was up around 15%. So that's actually a pretty good outcome, which also tells you that we're migrating in the right direction and given that the past due is reduced and the other one. So let me kind of split the discussion on two segments. One, for semiconductors, it is definitely getting better. It is improving, and we see that sort of really moderating towards a normal state before the end of this year. That's sort of what we saw. We saw some clearing of the past dues. We still have some left, and that's how we see it. In Aero, it's also improving. The pace is likely going to be slower than what it was in semiconductors. Our level of decommits in Q4 was below 20%, which was a low for the year. Every year -- every quarter prior to Q4, the level of decommits from our supply base was over 20%, actually, under 20%, which is also a good sign. So we see a slow and steady improvement as we move throughout the year. That's sort of our expectation for the supply chain.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think that one was going to be -- it's probably too early to tell, but what I will tell you is that, for -- we already basically demonstrated we can get to 20% margins in SPS in Q4. So the target hasn't changed. In terms of what's happening overall with the business, again, Intelligrated is -- the markets are down. I mean, we see it, the warehouse and distribution segment is down. There's an overbuild that occurred in the year 2020 and 2021. The markets are absorbing that capacity. We do expect an uptick in orders and return to growth in 2024. We actually are encouraged by the pipeline that's starting to form. And at the same time, we're also are being a little bit more selective in terms of margin profile and so on. And we have an algorithm in terms of the kinds of orders that want. So it's a little bit of both. PSS has been a bit softer than in the prior. We got to remember that we're coming off of record orders, particularly in the first half. But, overall, we expect to see a fairly strong robust level of business in the second half of this year, and we still have a backlog to draw from. So -- and I don't think there's -- there was nothing in SPS in Q4 that was out of expectations. It was actually incredibly consistent. And frankly, I was very encouraged by the margin rate, and that team has done a nice job in really managing to the cards they're dealt from a revenue base, using our Accelerator operating system to really deliver a strong financial result, even with some revenue headwinds. I don't know, Vimal, if you -- 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Maybe just to add a couple of things and a couple of specific numbers. I mean our orders in Q4, particularly in our flooring business, were very, very strong, I think, double-digit strong. Our LST business is strong. UOP is well-positioned for the year. Sparta business was extraordinarily strong on the acquisition we made in 2021. So all-in-all, I think it was a very strong orders quarter. As we pointed out on our track, if you remember, some of the very, very unusual cold weather that we faced around the Christmas time caused us some challenges in some of our process operations because, frankly, they're just not built to operate in 5-degree weather. That's not what you typically see in Louisiana in December. So all-in-all, I think that this is -- our AM and PMT business is well positioned. Good orders growth and strong performance should be expected.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. I think that, this is probably an unusual 2023 headwind. But even the headwind, we expect to modestly expand margins. But I think the most important thing that's missing here is, we're very excited about the future of Aerospace. I mean, the orders are up, backlog is way up. I mean, we think the next three years will be very exciting for Aero.
Darius Adamczyk: Supply chain is getting better. Our ISC teams have really demonstrated unlock of a lot of capacity. And I think there's nothing other than to be excited for the next three years in Aerospace. It's – I'm very confident in the backlog position, and it's going to be a really nice period for that business.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I think good question. Yeah. So I mean, obviously, we have a balance sheet that's strong. And over the last two years, we have, let's call it, roughly around $15 billion-plus to deploy it based on our 2025, over the next two years, so we have the capacity. But I'd just point out a couple of things. Number one is, we are disciplined in our approach. That's point one. So point two is, where our controls and automation and sustainability and digital company. And point three is, we typically don't do hospital acquisitions. So we are interested in doing more M&A – smart M&A in 2023. I think you should expect that at some point. But it's going to be thoughtful. It's going to be acquired at a price where we have a lot of confidence in generating shareholder value. And it's going to be something that we can – is truly strategic and fit what we do as a company.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I mean, I think -- first of all, let me -- there's a couple of questions. And the first one is why is the guidance wider than normal, because I think we would probably admit that in terms of the economic scenarios this year are probably a bit wider than most people guess. And you have anything ranging from a soft landing out there to a deep recession, and I've heard opinions anywhere in that range. So I just think from a highway perspective, and this is, I think, consistent of how we guide every year is -- and probably this year more than ever. We try to have a little bit of a wider range, which is indicative of the uncertainty around the economic conditions. And I would say if I were compared to this year versus 2022 or 2021, it's probably more uncertainty rather than us. So that's the reason for the wide range. In terms of the range, it's out, sure. At the lower end – at the lower end, it's probably -- it probably means that tougher economic conditions. The second half is the economic conditions turn worse, the short cycle is worse than we expect at the top end. It's a bit more of what we hope is the expectation, which is some of the order activity turns. Short cycle becomes more robust in the second half and China returns to growth. I mean we -- Q1 -- we actually think Q1 in China could be challenging because of the lifting of the COVID restrictions, Chinese New Year and so on. And we embedded that in our guide. But we actually think that second half in China could actually be quite strong. And if that comes to fruition, that sort of points to the upper end of our guide. So that's where we kind of have a bit of a wider range. And by the way, we did guide a wider range like this historically it could. Since it's not that much wider and 2022 was a little bit narrower. But I think it's just -- it's as simple as it's indicative of the economic uncertainty that I think many of us are facing. And there's a wide range of educated guess as to...
Darius Adamczyk: Maybe I'll start and Vimal will add any further commentary. I would say, no major surprises, I mean, in terms of how we ended up. I mean, Europe was softer, particularly the UK was really soft in Q4. That probably stood out for us in Europe. But then as we looked at December, the exit rates weren't actually bad. So November and October were a bit weaker, December exit rates were better. In terms of the overall business performance, I mean, it was actually incredibly consistent with what we guided. I mean, we guided -- we came in roughly at the middle of our range, a little bit better on operating margin. I mean we guide for a reason, and that's sort of where we ended. And by the way, thank you for acknowledging the NARCO. I mean, I think as you kind of read the articles and some of the other companies out there, I can't understate how important or overstate how important it is to eliminate liabilities from your balance sheet. And when you can do that permanently with confidence, it substantially derisks the future of the company. I think maybe just didn't get as much offense as I think it should have because it was a huge deal. It hit up a lot of bandwidth. But I am thrilled to have this liability reduced off the balance sheet. Vimal, if you…
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong fourth quarter results and continue to navigate effectively multiple uncertainties with the typical level of operational rigor you've come to expect from Honeywell. Our future is bright, and we look forward to discussing this further at our upcoming Investor Day in May. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Greg Lewis: Thanks, Julian. First off, we don't guide orders, so we're not really going to comment on that specifically. As it relates to the margin outlook you highlighted, I think you're in the right neighborhood. Again, we don't guide our individual margin rates for each of the segments. But to expect that Aero might be down in 1Q is probably a reasonable expectation. And as I highlighted, SPS is going to be on the top end of our margin expansion all year long, frankly, given all the work that, that team has done, adjusting their cost structure for the realities of the sales environment that they've been in as well as, as we talked about before, the reductions in Intelligrated sales are actually not painful from a margin standpoint. They actually help given the margin profile of that business. So, I think your instincts are right, but we're not going to be specific on that guide.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So -- and think about that -- that is tied to Boeing's delivery, specifically of airplanes and incentives that we have for -- with the airlines who are taking those airplanes and that is going to be a multiyear realignment. Today, they've promised in excess of their production rate in terms of deliveries. And so that's going to -- that's what's going to move the needle. It's going to impact our sales. When we print our OE sales growth rates, you're going to see that as an offset, and it's obviously a margin headwind. So, it's measured in the hundreds of millions of dollars. We're not going to be precise about what that is. And again, there's going to be variability around that, depending on the actual delivery performance of the OEs to the airlines themselves.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. I mean all I would say is that means rather than double-digit price increases, we're planning on mid single-digits, maybe low single-digits this year with inflation in that same neighborhood.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. Great question, Jeff, and your – again, your instincts are on – this is the bubble, right, because they – Boeing, in particular, was not able to deliver jets when they were grounded. And so that acceleration is going to go up and then come back down again. As we see it right now, it looks like 2023 is going to be the top and then it starts coming back down. But again, that's going to depend entirely on the pace of those deliveries. But it ought to be, let's say, reoriented back with deliveries in our view by 2025, for sure, and maybe into 2024. So this is going to be a temporary headwind, and then things will realign back where deliveries and shipments come back into line. And so therefore, our P&L will become more aligned.
Greg Lewis: Yes. I think we'll know a lot more come June, right? I mean as we talked about, I think we feel pretty good about where we are from a backlog position. And no one really knows what the level of activity in the economy will be. I mean we've had some good things. The European winter has been more mild than people thought, and Europe has held up relatively well and -- versus what some have figured it could be. But I think, as you said, we feel really good about where we are right now. And we'll continue to take that temperature as we go through the first four to five months a year.
Vimal Kapur: Scott, as a headline, I would say that inflation is moderating. It's not going away. So we are not losing our eye on our model on driving positive price/cost. And -- but on a trend basis, there is some deflation in some commodities. But labor costs still high, energy costs are kind of more on a standstill basis. So that's our entry assumption that it's on a -- more on a reducing trend but not getting -- moving away. So our pricing targets have been adjusted. We still want positive price/cost model into our P&L. So we're not going to go away from that execution we did in 2022. But we are also sensitive that with the market being tighter compared to 2022, we want to also protect our volumes. And to that extent, we are watching how we want to adjust our price/cost algorithm. So that's kind of the overarching principles. They vary within the businesses a little bit, but directionally, that's our guiding principles. Maybe, Greg, if you want to add anything.
Vimal Kapur: So, IGS, I think, I just want to add a comment on IGS. I think top line challenge will be there in 2023. But we are focused on margin in this business. Our aftermarket service business is growing double digits for last several years. That trend will continue in 2023. In fact, we want to do everything possible to continue to drive that at a higher rate and other margin improvement opportunity. But better operating efficiency, executing projects better and faster is going to be another focus area. So while the volumes are down, we are constantly looking at margin expansion strategy in Intelligrated business.
Vimal Kapur: So on the -- Andrew, on the decarbonization, I would say, at least I see much stronger trend in orders in our Sustainable Technology Solutions business as we had forecasted, IRS at least helping. We had a pretty strong performance in our sustainable aviation fuel part of the portfolio. We see that further strengthening in 2023. But in addition, now we see activity happening in carbon capture and hydrogen space. So we see more active projects where customers are making decisions. So we remain very optimistic on good performance by STS business in 2023. On advanced materials, I would say the momentum on Solstice continue. We see more application adoption in newer areas. As an example, heat pump is becoming another exciting area where we are developing new applications. And that business is all about expanding new applications and expanding new geographies. So we see that trend. There are pockets in advanced material where there is an economic headwind on residential side. So that's a smaller part of the business, but there are headwinds. There are pockets in electronic materials, where there's a server-related demand in PC. So we supply some products in that. But on an overall picture advanced materials has a strong momentum. And you said it rightly, the momentum will continue in 2023 also.
Vimal Kapur: So maybe do in-person on that in addition, as we talked earlier, we do expect supply chain performance to get better both on the Aero supply chain and semiconductor constraint, which will mean that we can burn our past dues/backlog better than our -- what we did in 2022. And we also expect that our project businesses will also execute on our backlog on a more determined basis, because they also faced a lot of headwinds on supply chain constraints in 2022. Where the back will land, it's just indirectly answering the question of orders forecast, and we don't guide that. But we remain optimistic. We are going to get our fair share of demand in the market that we can commit. And as long as market performs, we will perform in line with the market.
Vimal Kapur: So I think the only thing I'll add is that I think everybody is aware of commentary on US and Europe, so I won't repeat it. But high growth regions represent a very large part of Honeywell revenue. We do expect China to have a strong growth in 2023. We are cautious in Q1, but very optimistic for the year. But other high growth region markets, we are confident on good growth. Middle East, we have good backlog and a very strong pipeline for orders. India, we remain very optimistic. Turkey, Central Asia, we remain very optimistic, ASEAN. So overall, that part of the word should offset some of the headwinds we see in Europe, and that's what we are kind of dialing in into our planning process.
