David James Anderson: Well, I think, on the pension side, we're looking at numbers right now, Steve, mid-80s in terms of a funded percent status. That means we're going to be in a pretty healthy mode going into 2013. So on the contribution side, we're just plan to play that by ear. There's no determined amount or required amount of funding in 2013, so we'll play that by ear. From a mark-to-market standpoint, we're going to have some mark-to-market expense undoubtedly at least in terms of where rates are right now. But the fact of the matter is and you've heard us say before, but the reality is we're going to have a rate tailwind at some point. So we're going to play that smartly, continue to look at that as something that we're going to manage very, very carefully, but frankly, we feel very good about the position that we're in overall regarding the funded status and the funding requirements for pension.
David James Anderson: I think we're looking at a low -- clearly, a low single-digits kind of number, Jeff, for 2013 given the...
David James Anderson: The sales growth -- sorry, organic sales growth, the way that we're looking at the exits for -- exit rates for each of our businesses for 2012. So that's the way we're thinking about next year. So it comes back, as Dave said, it really puts the onus on the playbook of operational discipline, continuing to emphasize value adding new products, which give us a lot of leverage in the marketplace and continuing to grow in the highest growth markets. So that's what we're going to do and...
David James Anderson: I mean, it's always possible and part of our model is an ongoing active review of restructuring opportunities. We think that's very, very healthy and in best interests of continued margin expansion, earnings growth, value creation. What we've had on a year-to-date basis, Jeff, has been above what we would have expected on a gross basis, and we've been able to do it as a result of strong operating earnings and also as a result of better-than-expected performance on previously funded repositionings. So we've actually had a greater rate of attrition and other benefits that have allowed us to reduce the accruals on previous and take credits on credit for previously reserved restructurings, which have actually helped us fund new restructuring. So we've had -- as you know, we continue to increase our guidance for 2013 in terms of what the incremental repositioning benefit will be. And as I said today, we're now looking at $150 million of incremental operating income lift in 2013 versus '12 as a result of the repositioning pipeline. So that's very -- it's a very good point to bring up and very, very much part of the playbook.
David James Anderson: Yes, just the one thing I think I would add in terms of just a detailed item and it's something that we've talked about previously, it's just, Shannon, it's just the anticipation from UOP of less para-xylene, particularly catalysts, also some licensing in the fourth quarter. And that's just associated, we've used this term lumpy in the past as we've talked about UOP. It's something that we've anticipated. Therefore, their margins will be a little bit lower than the run rate they've experienced on a year-to-date basis. I've talked about that significant organic growth, that 19% year-to-date revenue organic growth in UOP through the first 9 months. So basically a flat top line and from, if you will, a makeup of their business, some of the less of the more profitable elements of their business in the fourth quarter, so -- but that's going to correct itself. As Dave said, that's all going to -- as we look forward to 2013, we're looking for a very strong start to the year out of PMT and out of UOP.
David James Anderson: Yes, there's a little bit of that in terms of margin diminution that will occur because we'll get some revenues without a lot of earnings or no earnings from Thomas Russell in the fourth quarter. But we're actually looking for Thomas Russell to be accretive in 2013.
David James Anderson: Well, specifically, what we referenced is in the Process Solutions business, as well as in the Building Solutions and for different reasons. It's really, on the Building Solutions, it's really energy and energy retrofit. Some of that has to do with just the regulatory requirements to enable some of the funding on the energy retrofits. That's become more cumbersome, more complex, more time-consuming, so we're seeing some delays. The demand is still there. We feel very, very good about our overall positioning, but it's going to create a slower growth profile for that business in 2013. And on the Process Solutions side, what we're seeing is just some delays in terms of project funding, which is impacting their order rate, which in turn, will cause some near-term slowing in terms of the outlook that we have for them on the revenue side. But again, fundamentals remain very good, very positive. The pipeline of activity is excellent. So it's just that we want to make sure that we're tempering, if you will, some of the top line outlook for both of those businesses as we transition from '12 to '13.
David M. Cote: Yes, on the -- what I mean by critical mass is -- I mean, you've heard me use this phrase a lot, this goes slow to go fast, so when it came to HOS, we wanted to make sure we got it right and it was more important to get it right so that it was sustainable for a long period of time. So in the beginning, it was kind of slow, as you know, and it took us time to build that up, and in the beginning, actually cost us something, eventually got to neutral, then started to provide some benefit. Now we're starting to see the benefits really come through, because when you start getting to 70% of your manufacturing sites at bronze or better, you really start to see some big benefits from it as we've said before. When it comes to margin expansion, as you know, we've always said that, that was going to happen. We put out the 5-year plan and we felt pretty confident about being able to do that given all the seed planting that we've done, not just on the cost side, but on the growth side also to help mitigate some of the growth headwinds that we see. So between the kind of the growth plan that we've done and the seed planting that we've done on the cost side with the process initiatives, that's what's allowing us to be able to drive these kind of margin rates on slower sales growth and still be investing in the R&D and the CapEx that we need to keep growing. So we actually feel pretty good about that. And I'm sure you recognize that making the change to the growth plan the way we did to focus on margins was very timely given that we expected we were going to be seeing something like this economically and we wanted to provide that assurance externally that we did understand and we were willing to put our compensation on the line to deliver it. So we feel pretty good about it.
David M. Cote: From a pricing perspective, it's still okay. As you know, we're not a -- you're never going to see a 7% price increase from us, unless it's driven by raws like in R&C. But by and large, we still expect that it should be -- that it should work out just fine for us.
David M. Cote: Well, I'd, I guess, divide that into 2 pieces. On the macro side, I don't believe there's a recession coming. But I do believe that there's a slow growth environment most likely to occur just because the world democracies are in gridlock over debt, whether it's Japan, India, the EU, the U.S., we're in gridlock. And I do believe there's the potential in the U.S. and maybe even in the world for a good economic recovery if government would actually do their job here and resolve the fiscal cliff and the debt. By the same token there's a potential disaster if they handle it poorly. All that being said, we're going to look at it as if it's just more of the same and you can't count on these guys doing what they need to. And we need to think about it in terms of, all right, what's the kind of conservative way to plan this? So we're going to plan conservative macros like we normally do. But overall, I still believe global GDP grows next year. When it comes to China, in particular, we grew again in China and we saw it both on the short cycle and the long cycle, more driven by long cycle. At the end of the day, I think we have to factor in this leadership transition that's going to occur. And as you know, there's 2 offices, one in October and the other transition is in the first quarter some time. And I see, in my view, China is making the right kinds of decisions and they recognize what they need to do to make the changes that are economically required. So I don't think it's smart to bet against them on this. And we've done a lot on kind of thinking about how to manage through that. So that's on the global macro side. On say kind of the Honeywell micro side, all the growth initiatives, the seed planting that we've been doing for years, because you don't just turn this on in 3 months, is what causes me to feel that even in a tough global macro environment, we can do pretty well. So we're not counting on booming sales growth next year, but we do believe that there will be growth for us even in that tough environment.
David M. Cote: Well, hopefully, you'll be impressed with the consistency of my answer over the last few years. But we're still going to play that on kind of an opportunistic basis. I don't have a number in mind that says, "Okay, this is way too much cash. We need to do something." I also think in uncertain times, it certainly doesn't hurt to have cash. I prefer to have it than not. We're going to continue to focus on how do we pay a good competitive dividend as you know and that's important. It's an important return to shareowners. And when it comes to acquisitions and repurchases, we're going to continue to look at both because to the extent we can do Thomas Russell type acquisitions, man, that is a real value adder for the company and I think you'd want us doing that. So I don't have a particular number in mind. Dave, I don't know if there's anything you can add.
David M. Cote: Well, it's always tough to know, Jeff, because I said we always maintain a good pipeline and it's stuff that we want for the company, so it's not a case of "Hey, look, that's for sale, let's go take a look." This is more stuff that we plan for. You just never know when all the conditions kind of strikes, so that you have a property that make sense and most especially at a price that makes sense. And that's always tough to predict. So I'd have a tough time handicapping that one and I would just say, we're going to keep our eyes open. If something makes sense, we'll do it. If it doesn't, we won't. It's just a tough thing to predict.
David M. Cote: Just to add to that, I'd say in 10 years of doing this, we have never once been bitten by being conservative in our sales outlook. So we'd prefer to be on the conservative side of this. And we'll look at -- okay, global macro is not a big help. FX we don't expect to be a big hit. We've got the geographic, the new product expansion that Dave was referencing, and when we put all of that together, we say, "Okay, the smart thing to do here as you plan your cost profile is to assume low single-digits sales growth," as Dave was saying.
David M. Cote: We're looking out for it, Jeff, to Dave's point, but we've got a pile of stuff already funded that we need to -- we're in process of getting done. So there's no need to do anything, but we're certainly always going to be looking for opportunity.
David M. Cote: I would say, Nigel, I know my story and I'm going to stick to it. I'm going to -- the 5-year target is the 5-year target and it's my intent in 2014 to be able to show you, "Look, we did what we said and here's our new 5-year plan," so that hopefully, you all look at it, and go "Wow, it's been almost 15 years of these guys doing exactly what they say. Maybe we should give them the benefit of the doubt this time."
David M. Cote: Well, it certainly doesn't help, but at the same time, the transformation program we have is very much on track so we feel pretty good about that. And if there's any kind of sales help at all, it will just make it better. But certainly, we're planning to and think we can get to.
David M. Cote: Well, just to give you, I guess, a sense for it, is it's a little bouncy between quarters in a year. But as you might imagine, Andreas is definitely planning and thinking about a margin rate increase next year and we all recognize the significance of that star performance. One of the things that is going to help that is that UOP win rate in backlog is just terrific. These guys just keep doing a great job. Ever since we started kind of more of that horizon 3 investing and the geographic reach, man, it's really paid off. So I would expect more goodness to come from that. Dave, I don't know if there's anything you want to add.
David M. Cote: Yes, thanks, Elena. As you can probably figure out by now, we're quite pleased with our performance in the quarter and I certainly hope all of you are also. And it's our intent to continue outperforming in the future. The reason for all of that is the seed planting that we talk a lot about and that we're going to continue to do. We were able to get this kind of margin performance even while continuing to invest the way that we need to, whether it's geographically or new products. And that seed planting, it's just going to keep on going, whether it's how do we grow or how do we make ourselves more efficient and it continues to pay off over time. We're going to plan on a slow growth environment because we just think that's the prudent thing to do. If we get any kind of macro help at all because, we'll say, the world's democracies actually start dealing intelligently with their debt, this could be even better and we're hopeful that, that will happen, but we're sure as hell not going to count on it. So we're excited about the future of Honeywell and where we're going and what we think we can do and I certainly hope you are also. Thanks for listening.
