David Cote: Well, I wouldn't say, we’re seeing a boomlet and that’s not what we try to convey, but all in all, I think starting off with what was generally a slow first quarter for everyone when it came to sales growth, things have in my view improved a bit since that time. And I’d say a lot of this is coming more under what we are able to control and what we are able to do, and we’re seeing better performances in our businesses being able to take advantage of the growth trends that do exist. I would also say Scott, we benefit some from this diversity of opportunity that you hear me talk about. So that, yeah, okay, we've got some oil and gas exposure, but we we’re able to manage that, and it doesn’t have such a deleterious effect on our performance that we can’t manage above it. So I’d say it’s more a combination of things and saying that it’s slightly better than it was, but it’s still not a boomlet. Tom, I don’t know if there’s anything you want to add there.
David Cote: Well, the two are interconnected, but I look at it differently. And if you go back to the beginning of my tenure here, I’ve always said growth and productivity go together that as you grow, you become more productive, because you have more volume leverage, you’re able to leverage your fixed cost better. By the same token the more productive you become, the more money that gives you to reinvest in the thing you’d like to do. And as you know, I’ve always been big on this concept of seed planting. And that was pretty costly in the early years, because we pretty much had an empty pipeline on everything whether it was high-growth regions, new products, new strategies or technologies, we really had to fill the pipeline, so margin expansion was a little more muted back then, because we had to fill the pipeline on everything, and it took us five or six years to do, which unfortunately took us right into the recession when, yes, we were getting benefiting from some of that, but it was just a hell of a lot less visible. Well, now that we’re able to get some of the sales growth that we do, we’re much better we’re able to have get that sales leverage as minimal as it might seem in today’s environment, we’re still able to get leverage from that. And we’re able to, I’d say finally, start seeing the benefits of HOS and some of our other initiatives on the gross margin side. And that’s where we’re seeing the real leverage here. The two go together and I can promise you we’re certainly not under investing whether you look at R&D or CapEx, or new product programs or commitment to Huey is certainly not a case under investment, because we want to make sure we make not just this quarter, but this same quarter three years from now and six years from now.
David Cote: So if I could add to that, Joe, you’d have to say, overall, clearly the Chinese economy is straining [ph] a bit more than it has in the past. But that being said, it’s still pretty good and we see the oil and gas side, Tom’s point, but on balance between the growth that does exist there, plus our own strength as we develop more China-based products, I think puts us in a pretty good spot.
David Cote: Yes, it is. I don’t know that – I guess PMT might be a little weaker than what we thought because oil and gas had a slightly bigger impact than we thought at the beginning of the year, but still pretty much within the forecast. And I’m pretty sure – I think all three segments beat their sales numbers based on what we had committed anyway.
David Cote: Most of it is all forward. We’re not going to age the backlog, but I would say, it’s going to be a good contributor to us over the next two or three years, especially as you think about that PMT inflection that we talk about, it’s going to be driven by the UOP MTO stuff and the Fluorines capacity, both of which we’re investing in today.
David Cote: Well, first of all, I don’t think the b-percents [ph] are quite as dramatic as you indicated. But I’ll turn it over to Tom.
David Cote: We’ll, the cash flow is still good. They just need to do a significantly better job on inventory than they have in the past…
David Cote: Oh, yeah, I think this is going to be an ongoing phenomenon for us. I’m not going to commit what it’s going to get to at some point. But, certainly, it’s going to be an important factor as we continue to grow our overall operating income percentage.
David Cote: Not for us. I would say, while they may be seeing some softness which will get reflected for us also. It’s going to be more than offset by all the gains we’ve had. So…
David Cote: Well, if you go back to the premise of the Thomas Russell acquisition that we did then, it was primarily a U.S. based business. We said at the time that our intent was to grow it more internationally, which it takes some time to make happen, but you’re starting to see the benefit of a lot of that from all the seed planting that we did over the last two or three years to make that happen. And that’s mostly the effects you’re getting.
David Cote: We’re still in the process of planning everything for 2016, but overall, I think Tom alluded to this earlier, is that we’ve got pretty good quote activity going in both, oil and gas, UOP, and process controls. So we’d like to think, now, that’s – quote activity is not synonyms with an order. But it’s certainly a nice, hopefully, leading indicator of where things could go. That being said, that’s too early to declare victory.
David Cote: I guess, a couple of things that I mention is, one of the things we’ve said in the past is that you have to kind of break out that oil cycle between the exploration side that’s more price driven and the refining petrochemical side that’s going to be more driven by economic activity. And you’re seeing a bit of a drag on that second part, because of how people have reacted to the first part. But, overall, their margins as you know look pretty good. And we think over time that investment begins. When it comes to UOP, they still got the capacity expansion that’s coming and that stuff, we got to complete that plant on time, because we need to ship, and the projects are already being built. So I certainly feel more than okay about it.
David Cote: Well, I would have to say, the strategy hasn’t changed. And like I’ve said with the retail store, you never know when these things are going to hit. You never know when the customer is going to walk in. So, we’re armed and ready.
David Cote: Actually, Howard, I’ve always tried to stay away from that, because if you want a metric that can be easily gained internally and externally that’s it. I go more by are we growing faster than our competition. And when I see things like the Dassault cockpit, and what we’re able to do with fluorines, and what ACS has coming, and Huey bases that everybody is using for it; then I know it is happening.
David Cote: In another words, if you said, jeez, we want to see 50% of your sales coming from products introduced in the last three years. My guess is every company can generate that metric for you, regardless of how they’re performing.
David Cote: We’re not counting on a huge second-half on oil and gas, it’s kind of static, maybe a little bit better, but we’re not counting on anything big.
David Cote: I would say, we’re counting on – 3% to 4% is kind of like a nice steady grower in an industry, that’s going to be growing slightly. I do think to your point that kind of the Huey based onslot [ph] that they’re going to be showing over the next few years will make a difference, and there’s a potential for to be better than that. Tough to predict at this point, but I’m encouraged by what I see out of the ACS guys.
David Cote: And I was expecting you to talk about [Technical Difficulty], Deane, so, I guess, we both were disappointed.
David Cote: Yes, I’d say, it continues to get better as we’ve talked about in the past. And I don’t think you’re ever going to see a boom in non-res construction, largely, because there was never a real crash. It was kind of that slow-in, slow-out kind of thing that we talked about with the recession. I think as we’re going to continue to see on the residential side, my guess is, you’re going to continue to see that do better, because rents have been going up and that will spur more activity. But I think for non-res, that’s the right way to think about it, it’s kind of slow and steady.
David Cote: Well, it certainly feels good to give all of our investors such good news as you look forward to your summer holidays. We’ve got a track record of outperforming our peers and we intend to continue that outperformance. We want all of investors to know that they can enjoy this summer, because they have their money invested in Honeywell. So from all of us here in Honeywell, have a fun and relaxing summer. Thanks, guys.
Tom Szlosek: No, I would agree with that. The only piece of color to maybe provide is that the, when you look at the month sequentially, April was definitely the lowest from a growth perspective, up slightly where – whereas the momentum picked up in May and June, and got us to that 3%.
Tom Szlosek: Joe, good, I’ll take that one, Dave. The – yes, China was a very good story for us in most of the pockets. I mean, ACS as we said was near double-digit. Really the changes that we’ve made to connect all of those businesses in China, and get to Tier 2, Tier 3 cities and make investments to help all the businesses in portfolio, running it as one portfolio, really having a huge impact. And, in fact, we expect that to continue. We expect very strong growth rates in Q3 and Q4. In fact, for China, some of our orders are actually – we use sales as a surrogate for orders. But in some cases we actually do have the orders and what we’re seeing really gives us good encouragement for the rest of the year in ACS. Aero was also strong. As you know, it’s mostly in spares and R&O business there in China for us right now, up mid single-digits and we do expect that to continue. TS is a little bit smaller. The commercial vehicles segment in TS was challenged. So we were down in China for Transportation Systems. And then when you look at PMT, some challenges, particularly with cyclicality in UOP, the cat shipments are quite lumpy, can be lumpy from year-over-year. In Q2, we had significant cat sales, so tough quarter from that perspective but we see that improving as we go forward into Q3. So I think all of the businesses are expected to continue to grow and improve from Q2 to Q3, so we’re encouraged by what’s going on.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. As you know – thanks for pointing that out, Joe. PMT margins were up to 21.3% with their 18% last year, so really nice 330 basis points. We had great contributions from – some volume in Advanced Materials that we talked about, very good productivity, strong cost controls, lower indirect expenses, but also at the same time, as Dave said, continuing the investments. So productivity was definitely a big driver. We’re also seeing good results in terms of the pricing. That seems to be holding up well. And as I said, there are some things that have driven that down a little bit. The catalyst comps year-over-year, little bit of a tougher story. And then, the overall volume declines that we mentioned in UOP and HPS will drag. So to summarize all of that, it’s a good commercial excellence, good performance on the commercial side, tough from a volume perspective, but really nice work on productivity.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I think in the second quarter, TS in Europe was, you’re right was pretty strong from an organic basis in the mid single-digits, as we said in line with overall TS, and we see that continuing for the third quarter. I mean, the – it’s a mix of some platforms expiring and new platforms coming on, and there are some offsets that that also come into play. The commercial vehicles overall for both in China and the U.S. as we talked about has been kind of one of the challenges we’re dealing with. But overall, Europe should be up mid single-digits or even higher for us in the third quarter for Transportation Systems.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I mean, the – we will have a strong – very strong fourth quarter. There are some nice inflections coming in PMT. As an example, we have, again, there’s some lumpiness in the gas business. But we think that in PMT, we’re going to see some nice growth coming through in those businesses in the fourth quarter. And overall the – it is our highest quarter from a volume perspective. So there’s – the base is really driven by what we see the visibility that we have to the sales pipeline.
Tom Szlosek: Well, we get more comparability on from a FX perspective and, of course, Friction Materials is in that – is in the business as well, so that the two of those temper the significance of the margin increase. So if you go back to that page, I think it was page five in our slide, you see the big impact from those three factors. Those tend to subside as we get further into the year, particularly the FX and the Friction Materials.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, but operationally, I mean, all the factors we talk about from an operational perspective, still should hold in pretty firm.
Tom Szlosek: Both on the equipment side and on R&O, I mean, strong R&O performance as well in the BGA. And it looks like that will hold up for the rest of the year.
Tom Szlosek: Well, we’re not betting first of all, but we – what we told you at the end of the first quarter, we pretty much – it’s pretty much consistent with where we are right now. So you know the story on 2015, pretty much fully hedged for the rest of the year. 2016, we got the euro hedged probably about three-quarters of the exposure, and some selective hedging in some of the other currencies. We keep our eye on it. We talk about it every week and we’re all closely interested in seeing how that plays out.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I mean, sequentially we’re seeing improvement from first quarter, second quarter, and third quarter expectations on orders in the gas business, so – and there’s is a reasonable degree of visibility to some of the revenues that we expect to see in the second-half. So, as Dave said, we’re watching it closely, but there are some positive signs for that business.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. I’m sorry about that, Howard. So I think when you look at the percentage you’re talking about, since the FX is affecting sales more than it is the cost numbers, you do get a little bit of a margin impact, but for us the initiatives that we’ve got going on, the continued work that we’re doing in functional transformation, the continued work that we’re doing in managing the indirect cost of those groups and function spend, the e-auction process that we’re using. All the initiatives are really having a solid impact and they’re coming through, so there is not one thing in there, just continued sustained momentum that we got.
Tom Szlosek: I think, the – I think you’ll see an uptick in orders knock on wood for gas we’ve said, as well as for catalyst, but on balance, I don’t think, we’re expecting a major material change right now.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. That’s where we’ve seen our best growth in ACS, particularly on the industrial side, industrial piece of the non-res, but commercial buildings as well, trends are very good, the products that we sell into there and ECC, fire and safety or security, all of them are doing well.
Stephen Tusa: Congratulations on the use of the word deleterious. It’s a bit more, it sounds more like Harvard than UNH, but so – it’s a good work on that.
Stephen Tusa: Is there another part of PMT? Are there benefits from what’s going on in downstream margins globally? Or – it seems like a lot of this stuff is much more UOP-specific, so little bit tougher to call, by looking at just the macro. I mean, is that the right way to think about it? And, I guess, are you still in a growth mode again for UOP in 2016? I know you guys talked about that last quarter that you expected to grow in the 2016.
Stephen Tusa: And you still pretty – you still feel pretty confident with the fluorine stuff coming on with that revenue – incremental revenue chart you guys put up in March with I think it was like $1 billion in incremental revenue in 2017. Even with the oil and gas macro-headwinds out there that you are – there is kind of no changes to that view.
