Dave Anderson: When you look at the organic growth for first quarter, Aero was down, this is on a foreign currency adjusted basis, and I don’t have the M&A data right in front of me but they’re pretty close, I’ll give you the approximates in terms of what that looks like. Foreign currency adjusted we were 9% in Aero, down 1.5% in ACS, up 26% in TS and up 7% in SM. We had very, very modest M&A impact in the quarter, very modest, I think it’s almost close to zero in terms of any M&A impact. Think about those as full organic numbers that I’m giving you.
Dave Anderson: The M&A pipeline is pretty rich. I think what we’re seeing here in terms of the early indications not only a general economic recovery but clear opportunities in the M&A arena. I think it’s an exciting time.
Dave Anderson: The repositioning was a little higher than we had originally guided. Obviously we had stronger than anticipated operating performance in the quarter, we also had favorability as I mentioned on the OPEB curtailment gain in the quarter. The other thing we saw is we saw another window of opportunity just to continue to improve our cost base and the upside in terms of volume leverage.  Most of what we did in the quarter, which is consistent with our past repositioning actions, are going to result in average paybacks in the one cash paybacks and the one to two year timeframe. Very attractive in terms of operating income, there’ll be a little bit of lift from what we’ve done in the first quarter in the back half of this year not significant.  It will benefit us in terms of 2011 and it’ll become meaningful again in 2012 incrementally. As part of that continuous improvement. I would say the guidance in terms of the full year, originally we guided to around $50 million of repositioning, we’d say now that’s around $50 to $100 million.
Dave Anderson: The business certainly tracks it to very low level by plant, by customer, approach in terms of that opportunity and pursues it from a marketing standpoint whether they’re the incumbent, supplier, or not. That’s something that represents an opportunity going forward. I think we’ve guided, we’ve appropriately conservatively for the first half of this year in terms of UOP catalyst reloads that they’re clearly either pent up, if you will, demand and opportunity.  As you recall, we saw that phenomenon really as we saw the downturn in the global economy in oil prices and in refining margins. It’s there, we’re forecasting we think appropriately conservatively but clearly represents opportunity going forward, a little difficult to predict when it will be exactly right now.
Dave Anderson: It is accurate to say that the de-stocking has effectively run its course. We’re seeing now sequential stabilization in terms of the actual after market revenues, although it’s obviously not in line with the growth in flight hours or utilization as we talked about. We’re looking at modest sequential improvement in the second quarter so and usually on a seasonal basis we would actually see lesser volume in the second quarter compared to the first quarter in terms of our air transport after market, I’m speaking strictly now air transport. We see and anticipate a closer alignment, not full alignment but closer alignment in the second half of the year. Obviously some of the events, the volcanic ash, other issues TBD, frankly I think we’re still on path for slight improvement in the second half but we don’t anticipate and our guidance does not assume a full connectivity, linear relationship between utilization and after market demand or after market revenues until the very end of this year. We continue to remain cautious in terms of that variable and its impact in our outlook. That’s a good question in terms of what we’ve assumed and what’s inherent in our guidance.
Dave Anderson: That’s one of the items, studying historical recoveries and looking at those recoveries. Frankly they can become relatively rapid when they do begin to occur, when you chart the prior experience. We haven’t assumed that for this year but we have assumed what you would say coming out of a downturn and a fairly dramatic re-stocking stabilization and then a return close to, as I said, but not quite linear relationship between utilization and demand. What it really sets up for us is hopefully some potential upside for this year and clearly sets up a very attractive, in terms of comparison, 2011.
Dave Anderson: Move together and rather than breaking it out it’s easier for us from a reporting standpoint and we think the relevance is really lost in the process.
Dave Anderson: Not really, it’s really what I said, it’s really what Andreas and the team are doing to drive both, I call it commercial and operational execution but it’s really commercial excellence that the sales and marketing the new product introductions etc. combined with plants attain them, just basic operational performance and execution. It just shows you what we’ve done in terms of the cost base business but also the strength of their market positions and the strength of the technologies and we’re leveraging that. We continue to look at specialty materials as a strong performance through the rest of the year.
Dave Anderson: We’re happy with it going higher. On margin swings, or margin rates on businesses, variable margin in any chemical business is pretty high to the extent you can leverage volume it’s usually a nice result.
Dave Anderson: Clearly some of the commercial construction would continue to be some of the non-residential, some pockets of that continue to be a challenge. If you look at the order rates and the book to bill they’re all positive, they’re all up.
Dave Anderson: The other thing I would add there is to the degree that the European airlines predominantly use this opportunity to perform some of the deferred maintenance, planes are grounded anyways so did that represent and opportunity. I think some of that has to wash out but some of that has to play out for us to really understand full impact but it’s still early.
Dave Cote: I would add to that, as you know we’re very disciplined in what it is we’re willing to pay for things and following our acquisition process including integration after a year later and we’re not going to forget any of that.
Dave Cote: We’ve always said to the extent we had unusual or one time gains we would deploy them in a way that made the company better in the future. I’d say any company of our size, whoever says they’re completely done making it better I think they’re kind of missing the mark. We’re always going to see opportunity and we’re always going to look for ways to deploy those one time gains.
Dave Cote: Visibility of course is always tougher there and I would never characterize it as that’s where we always make good margin because it depends on the product, how well we’ve deployed it, how technically advanced it is, a lot of considerations that go into it. There is some stuff that we think should be done and we actively work with them on resolving some of those issues and with the NTSB. It’s not always the fastest moving organization so we’ll continue working with them to try to get some of these things deployed.
Dave Cote: It’ll probably develop differently by region of the world. In the US you could expect continued delay and it’ll stay pent up for a little longer. Outside the US, emerging regions, I think you’re going to see it happen there faster.
Dave Cote: Both are true. They do want to get an international global flavor to the plane but by the same token there are still avionics and other mechanical systems outstanding that we are in the running for.
Dave Cote: You’re right on electronic components, there has been a scarcity there and the whole industry is working that one. Beyond that we’re just trying to get ahead in every business and it’s interesting when you look back at prior recoveries it’s often times suppliers who create an issue so it’s not like it’s a big surprise. We’re going to start working; we’ve already started working with those guys to start to sort some of this out. I think it’ll probably show up the most in Aerospace and that’s where we’ve been actually assigning people full time to just start working on this.
Dave Cote: Ship set value isn’t as relevant for how we look at depth because some of the stuff that you look at has value over 20 years, some has value over five, think of it that way. Those aren’t exactly right but it’ll be however long the production run is. The real way to look at this stuff is lifetime. Lifetime we’re still involved in another $6 to $8 billion.
Dave Cote: I’d say across all our businesses, we talked about this at our February analyst day but looking at OEF, this organization effectiveness more closely and I say comprehensively than we have in the past and that I think any other company does has really helped a lot in terms of understanding and controlling fixed costs so that you could really leverage sales increases.
Dave Cote: I would agree with you, there will be a good recovery in Aerospace. More likely to be the more rapid immediate affect will be whenever aftermarket really starts to take off. For the same reasons that it has in the past is inventory levels get driven so low that just demand catching up to actual usage levels represents a big increase and then you have flight hours on top of that and at some point some inventory re-stocking. Tough to know exactly when that takes off just because nobody really knows exactly how much inventory is out there and as parked aircraft go up how much can they really cannibalize. When it happens though it’ll happen in quite smartly. On the OEM side, I’m a believer in all of this stuff that you tend to come out the way you went in and I’d expect it to be a slower but steady increase over time. I wouldn’t predict on any of the air framers but I agree with you, that is going to happen because air travel just continues to increase and we think it’s going to continue to increase as a macro trend.
Dave Cote: You’re likely to see an energy bill get introduced sometime over the next week or two. What we’ve been advocating and we’re hopeful this will be reflected, it has to be a focus on both clean generation and on energy efficiency. Having a smart energy policy for the country is going to involve both and we’re hopeful that that’s what’ll get reflected in whatever legislation is promulgated.
Dave Cote: I look to Alex for 1,000 basis points improvements in margins every quarter. We’ll continue to see good leverage there. They did a nice job reducing fixed costs during the downturn. They did a nice job of maintaining a good industrial base and a capability to respond. To the extent that the industry does grow and the decision’s just a first half phenomenon which we’re unclear on right now, they’ll be able to leverage pretty well, I think.
Dave Cote: It depends on which areas of the world that you’re going to. If you’re in developed markets; I’d say in the US it feels like most people are more bullish than they were six months ago. In Europe the business depression I think kind of continues in terms of how people think about how they’re coming out of it. In emerging regions it never really declined, they were always pretty bullish, still had big plans and I think through the refinery discussions the airline discussions, everybody was always pretty bullish there, that really hasn’t changed.
Dave Cote: I’m not sure I quite follow but I would say that there are business opportunities for us everywhere but it’s particularly encouraging in emerging regions because they’re just bringing the right attitude, the right momentum, the right interest, it’s actually quite encouraging going to those places.
Dave Cote: It’s one of those things that we did have some trepidation about as we were watching it but as you probably saw the press reports from yesterday we’re actually seeing traffic was booming as a result. I think this is one we’re going to have to wait and see.
Dave Cote: We’re off to a great start as you could see. We performed in the last recovery, we’ve performed in the recession, and we’re going to perform well in this recovery also consistent with what we were saying in February. It’s all for the same reason, it’s a constant relentless focus on making progress on our strategy every day, every quarter, every year. Our strategy for growth and our strategy for productivity both get included in this and we are truly just relentless about making sure we’re making progress every day. Unlike the last recession, we kept in investing this time; new products, new services, new geographies, our enablers, investment just kept flowing. We’re a better company, we’re building off a better base and I think you’re going to see us shine in this recovery.
