Elena Doom: Thank you, Jovan. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter, as well as share with you our expectations for the third quarter and the remainder of the year and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: For ACS, sure. Steve, for ACS, I think they saw roughly 100 basis points of improvement on net price over raw spread. And when you net that against obviously, their labor inflation, they would roughly offset.
Elena Doom: In conjunction with favorable mix, Steve, from obviously the growth that's coming out of the commercial aftermarket.
Elena Doom: About 50 basis points maybe in terms of the overall ACS margin in the second half of the year. But it's not an event.
Elena Doom: Yes. First, Steve, I think it's really specific not so much to the end market because you're right, the data would suggest that it's in fits and starts. But where we are seeing obviously benefits in residential are more on the retrofit side, obviously within ECC, HVAC and also in our security products, where we have a lot of new products. And they're just executing well. And that seemed to come through more in the month of June.
Elena Doom: Maybe to put some of that into perspective on the numbers. So we actually saw, for example in Fluorine products, prices peak in the April to May timeframe, and it's actually small, about 10% over the last few months. So in terms of the numbers, in the first half, Specialty Materials probably saw close to 500 basis points of margin lift from positive price of the raw spread. And that's going to moderate down to maybe 100 basis points in the second half.
Elena Doom: Petrobras this year, John, think about that adding about half of the growth. So half of the, call it, 18% to 20% that we're expecting for the year is coming from the Petrobras contract.
Elena Doom: John, you're referencing -- defense and Space is up 1% in the quarter, but we are still forecasting a low-single digit decline in Defense for the year. And the strength really came from the international spares business.
Elena Doom: The range, it's roughly about 17.5% at the midpoint for the margin rate for the year, Shannon. And the way I would think about the conversion, obviously, the second half would be higher than the conversion rate we got in the first half. I think on an adjusted -- so if I adjust it for the Aero launch contributions in the quarter, they would have done about 22% from an incremental sales conversion rate in the second quarter. So it will get better in the second half, and we're on path to about 17.5% for the year.
Elena Doom: It's probably in the 40 to 50 basis point range. And obviously, in terms of the growth investments, those because they're weighted more to the first half, they affect the first half more, Chris, than they will in the second half. So you'll see again, conversion in ACS dramatically improving in the fourth quarter once we've lapped both the Sperian closing date on September of 2010, as well as the growth investments that were made late last year.
David M. Cote: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release, we had another outstanding quarter with better-than-expected performance, reflecting terrific execution and continued momentum in our key end markets, yielding EPS above the high end of the range. While there's some accounting geography complexity because of how we are required to account for discontinued ops and launch payments, and Dave will take you through all that, the overall results certainly speak for themselves, with sales up 15%, EPS up 40% and guidance again raised for the year. Now before we get into the financials, I'm pleased to report on the progress that we've made in the quarter on the CPG divestiture. We have received regulatory clearance and anticipate the sales of Rank Group to close early in the third quarter. Dave will take you through more details in a moment, but we've transitioned to reporting CPG in discontinued ops, and we expect to smartly deploy the book gain and sales proceeds in the third quarter, which will deliver tangible benefit in 2012 and beyond. So our reported sales with the discontinued ops treatment of CPG were $9.1 billion, up 15%, reflecting continued advancement in our new products, high-growth regions, continued strength in end market and growth from acquisitions. Segment margins expanded 70 basis points to 14.3% in the quarter, including $80 million of payments made to Aero BGA OE customers in the quarter. We had very robust new product launches. So if you look at the commercial and business and general aviation side whether it's Embraer, Gulfstream or Dassault, we have a number of large platform wins with high content. We generated earnings per share of $1.02, up an impressive 40% over 2010, and free cash flow of nearly $1 billion in the quarter, reflecting 120% net income conversion. This really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance, volume leverage and continued cost controls while maintaining our growth investments and our seed planting for the future. Given the strength of our first half financial performance and positive outlook for the second half, we are again raising our full year guidance. We now expect earnings in the range of $3.85 to $4 per share, reflecting a 28% to 33% increase in earnings over the prior year. We think this is top-tier performance amongst our multi-industry peer group, and we're confident in our ability to generate strong earnings growth again in 2012. The momentum we've seen across our end market is being supplemented by the results of our seed planting initiatives throughout the portfolio. Aerospace's commercial aftermarket continues to see a robust recovery, with spares up 30-plus percent and R&O significantly outpacing flight hours. Further, we're seeing the resurgence of the commercial OE cycle, where we're smartly positioning the business to capture new business opportunities. That means having the latest innovative new products and technologies like our recently announced joint development with Safran to provide green electric taxi capabilities for new and existing aircraft, saving airlines millions in fuel costs and slashing carbon and other emissions created during runway taxi operations. Our short-cycle businesses, including Advanced Materials, ACS Products and turbochargers, continue to show a healthy pace of growth; while our longer-cycle businesses, like Process Solutions and UOP, are starting to kick in with double-digit growth in the quarter. Further, our investments and focus in emerging regions continue to pay off. Sales in China were up over 20%. Our strong quarterly performance and improved outlook for 2011 reinforce that our strategy is working. Having great positions in good industries, the power of One Honeywell, our consistent focus on improving every year in each of our 5 initiatives, it really makes a difference. So with that, let me turn the good news over to Dave.
David M. Cote: It's just the way the accounting works, Jeff. Believe me, we asked the same common sense questions that you are asking, but common sense doesn't prevail here, accounting rules do.
David M. Cote: Pricing's doing well across all our businesses. We've had a constant focus on it for 10 years now, and it really pays to just keep doing that. So we don't see pricing pressure affecting us all that much. And when it comes to raw material price in the other direction, that's something that would be anticipated. And we're not seeing anything that we didn't anticipate. I would say to Dave's point, one of the nice things we have seen is the supply/demand imbalance in Specialty Materials, which has helped us in a couple of product lines when it comes to pricing, demand exceeding supply. But I would say we're not seeing anything negatively untoward in here. Dave, have you seen…
David M. Cote: Actually, our businesses have been growing pretty well in Europe, and better than we had expected. I would say that the economy you could point to is that Northern Europe tends to be much stronger for us than Southern Europe. And when it comes to restructuring possibilities, we'll be looking at that across the world. So it's probably too early to say where we might do something or not at this point.
David M. Cote: It's another one, John, where I'd say we've done better than we expected, but we think the smart way to plan for Defense is to assume it's going to decline. It's just everything that's going on with the debt deficit, it's hard to imagine it doesn't get affected somehow.
David M. Cote: I'd say you were correct in what you were saying in terms of how we're looking at the year. However, I think internationally, there is going to be something more for us there as we've said in the past. Just because quite honestly, we didn't pay that much attention to it. Now that we are, it's surprising, the opportunities that we're uncovering for ourselves. You could argue we should have grabbed it years ago, but we didn't. It's certainly coming at a good time now though, when we're looking at how do we offset the anticipated U.S. defense declines.
David M. Cote: Yes, I think it's a brilliant idea. And it's one where unlike the biodiesel that everybody always talks about, biodiesel's very corrosive to engines, pipelines, to sensing devices. So you can't blend it to more than 10% to 15% with petro fuel. The stuff we have is also made from second-generation feedstock like camelina, jatropha, algae and can be used as a drop-in replacement in cars, trucks, ships, that kind of thing. When it comes to aviation, it has to be blended to 50-50 because of the aeromatics that you need from the petroleum products. But at the end of the day, our stuff's been used extensively, and we've even flown jet fighters at supersonic speed, as you know. So the stuff works. I think it's something that I always thought was going to proceed pretty slowly just because there's infrastructure required when it comes to how do you gather up the plants to be able to generate the oil. The process works great, but you still got to be able to get the oil. That being said, it's accelerating a lot faster than I expected largely because of pull from the aviation industry, as they start worrying about carbon footprint and how do they reduce emissions and all that kind of thing. So we're not counting on it for a lot, and we haven't, because when you have a new technology like this, sometimes it can be slower to adapt than you might expect. But I'd say the way everybody's starting to pull on it now, it's quite encouraging.
David M. Cote: Well, this is going to sound kind of boring to you, Howard, because it's going to be pretty consistent with what I always say. I think when it comes to can you really forecast on out, within 2 or 3 percentage points, what your growth, organic growth, is actually going to be -- is a exercise in futility because you just really don't know. The thing you want to do is make sure that you've set up all the dynamics so that you will take full advantage of whatever markets do occur and that you can gain share in those markets. Interestingly, you've heard me say a lot, consistent strategy, execute day by day, quarter by quarter, and that's pretty much what the message was to everybody in our strategic planning discussion. The plans they have make a lot of sense. They are, we'll say, 90% consistent with what they've said the year before and the year before that. There's always some tweaking you do. But largely, the message to all of them was just keep doing what you're doing and do what you said in this plan, and things will be great.
David M. Cote: Well, we're very happy about the results for the quarter and what we can do for the year. And we're going to continue to deploy those gains smartly to make the businesses even better going forward as we have historically. Now as I was saying to Howard earlier, our consistent strategy, constantly deployed day by day, quarter-by-quarter, year by year, it does continue to propel us to just great places. We'll continue to do the seed planting in new products and services, geographic expansion, process initiatives and restructuring that continues to build just a great future. We are wrapping up our strategic planning process now, and we're excited about where all that seed planting is taking us. So thank you for listening today, and we hope you enjoyed the quarter's results, and have a good summer. Thanks.
David James Anderson: Yes. Well, Jeff, we're still -- one of the benefits obviously of the timing of the close is we've had the opportunity for continued refinement in terms of the redeployment of the gain. And I think now that it's kind of here in black-and-white, so to speak, we're going to see the businesses, I think, really step up. We've got a lot of good proposals, a lot of good suggestions, in terms of repositioning suggestions. But I would submit, Dave, that we're going to see a lot of continued recommendations in terms of opportunities to smartly redeploy the gain. My view today, as we sit here today, is we're going to see most of this go in to repositioning. And Jeff, I think it's going to be across most of the businesses. I think we'll see redeployment of the gain across most of the businesses. Importantly, I think some of those actions are going to be a little bit longer payback because some of it is just some of the tougher, tougher stuff that inevitably the size of gain, et cetera, the all-at-once nature of it will support. So my guess is that we'll see something in the neighborhood of 20% of that providing incremental benefit to 2012. And on the average, probably payback in the range of about 3 to 4 years, I would think, in terms of what we'll be looking at for this. But definitely, we'll see accretion in positive for 2012 as a result of redeployment of the gain. The other thing to remind you is IRR projects -- and the other thing, I think, to point out. By the way, Dave makes a very good point because the difference between book where we'll be writing off facilities potentially and everything could have longer paybacks. When you really look at the cash IRRs, Dave makes a very good point in terms of IRRs. The other thing I think to keep in mind is we've also got the tailwind of other repositioning that we've done. As I mentioned earlier in terms of total year-to-date, it's about $51 million, most of that covered by gain. That will also benefit 2012, 2013.
David James Anderson: Sure. Well, the way we look at it is this: Number one, the launch OE payments are really a by-product, as you know, of the significant platform wins that we've experienced, particularly in business aviation. And we expense those as milestones are incurred. We do not capitalize those.
David James Anderson: Unlike most of our peers. During the quarter, we booked significant incremental launch contributions, Jeff. On a year-over-year basis, it represents about $36 million of increased launch contribution which translates to about a 110 basis point impact for the quarter. Now importantly, what we're able to do is to reschedule certain milestones with our OEs to be able to recognize those launch contributions in the quarter, which otherwise would have been -- about $70 million or so of that would have been 2012 expense. From our perspective, what that does is it simply creates more, on a same earnings basis for 2012 for Aerospace, just creates more capacity for R&D spend against growth platforms. And given the very robust nature now of the commercial OE cycle and what we're seeing in terms of opportunities, of what we have in, if you will, portfolio today, as well as opportunity going forward, strategically this is the smart thing to do. So importantly, we wanted to just point that out to you as well. And again, a smart redeployment of some of the positive below-the-line items that we're able to manage to achieve in the quarter.
David James Anderson: Very good productivity. Yes, I think productivity really offsets inflation in Aerospace in the quarter.
David James Anderson: And you will have some headwind obviously, as we pointed out, from the EMS acquisition in the second half. But we'll see -- I think we'll see, Steve, as I mentioned earlier, we'll see attractive margin rates and see attractive conversion, particularly as we progress through the remaining 6 months for ACS.
David James Anderson: [indiscernible] introduce, just talk about that a little bit. What we saw is a number of positives, John, including very importantly, favorable price in Tier 1. We saw customers restocking inventory in floorings. We saw Asian customers converting to HFCs. Think of that as forwards MA [ph] rather than later. And also we benefited because there was, on the supply side, still some bottled-neck production, which created market tightness. So all of those created kind of a terrific window for us in terms of positive in Fluorines. We also saw very strong demand, as I mentioned in my comments, for caprolactam, particularly Asian demand for caprolactam. And of course you know, again we're the global low-cost producer there. So we saw a very good set of market conditions. We will continue to see pretty good end markets. And interestingly enough, when you look at the acquisition adjusted growth rate for Advanced Materials in the second half, it's about the same as the first half of 2011. But importantly, it's more volume driven in the second half, more price driven in the first half. Because what we're seeing now is evidence of more normalization, as I said to you, in terms of the supply-demand rebalance. We're seeing more of the Asian production now on the Fluorine side come online. So we'll still see very good end markets we believe, John, but it's going to shift in terms of the volume versus price contribution to that growth. As a result, we won't see the same level of margin in the second half that we saw in the first half. That's the basic story.
David James Anderson: That's right, John. What we had was, you'll recall, smartly, we pre-bought one of the ingredients that's now on the Fluorine side in the second half of 2010. That benefited us in the first half of 2011. That's now pretty much worked its way through the system. So we won't have that benefit as well. So a variety of positives that really led to very, very strong first half margin performance, particularly in the Advanced Materials piece of that. We see good end market conditions but less favorable supply-demand conditions, which will translate, as I said, to just lower margin rates in the second half.
David James Anderson: It does. We had about between 12% and 13% growth in the first half. We're going to see much stronger...
David James Anderson: 20% to 25% in the second half, John. So we'll see, as always, mix is a factor that will influence that. We are seeing favorability in terms of catalyst, particularly catalyst reloads. So we're expecting a good second half out of UOP. Now as I've stated, as we put on the full year guidance slide, on the sort of the puts and takes, one of the considerations would obviously be, and always is, UOP timing. So will it be as robust? Potentially not. On the other hand, we clearly have, we think, net upside particularly on the SM and Advanced Materials side and probably the Aero aftermarket. But UOP is very well positioned. We've got now a very strong book to bill. I think book to bill is at 1.3 now in UOP. So it's good numbers, and that's going to translate into a strong second half '11 and strong 2012.
David James Anderson: And by the way, that book to bill, John, and it's about 1.0 at this stage. So it's built up to now 1.0 for UOP.
David James Anderson: Well, it's going to be a lot lower obviously. I mean, I think the full year number we're looking at, Elena, it's probably in the $100 million to $110 million range for this year. So it's going to be a lot lower in the second half. And importantly, Shannon, as we talked about earlier, it's not completely, but significantly cleared the decks then for 2012. So we think that's a very smart thing to have done. The geography is a little bit complicated as you point out because it's a net deduction and a reduction in both revenue and operating income segment profit for Aero in the quarter. But I think people see through that. They understand the purpose and the benefit of doing it, and the fact that we've been able to offset it in the quarter.
David James Anderson: Yes, think of the first half segment margin as around 17.2% on adjusted basis for Aerospace versus the 16.7% reported. So obviously, to Elena's point, we've got lift in Aerospace segment margin in the second half into the 18.2%, 18.3% kind of range to be expected, arriving at that 17.5% for the full year.
David James Anderson: Well, it's a lumpy business when you look at it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Annually, it tends to operate pretty close to what we guide or what we plan. The long-term trajectory is very positive. What we have is continued growth outlook in terms of major projects. And Chris, obviously, as a very significant player in the global refining and petrochemical industries, we're going to win a meaningful rate of the both projects and catalysts for those new projects. But I think you just have to look at UOP as a growth business. And as we said, about 13% during the first half, probably 20% plus in the second half. So I think that's just underscores -- and that 1.0 book to bill that I referenced really underscores the long-term growth rate. There's going to be a distribution between licensing projects...
David James Anderson: And products, other products, catalysts, equipment, in terms of the mix. But all of that portends very positive with the basically structural market forces, portends strong growth outlook for UOP.
