Elena Doom: Thank you, Tony. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO, Tom Szlosek. This call and webcast including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter and review our outlook for the second quarter and full year and finally we will save time for your questions.  So with that, I will turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Yeah, the average in the second half of last year on the euro, Jeff, I think it was $1.33, roughly $1.34 in that range for second half. So, a little bit of headwind but remember that was the midpoint of our revenue outlook for the second half.
Elena Doom: We have an easier comp right in the third quarter of this year, so likely to see us an excellent increase in D&S revenue in the third quarter, given the 11% decline in 3Q of 2013.
Elena Doom: The long-cycle projects, the bigger project's up a little bit more than that; more in the high single-digits.
Elena Doom: I think in terms of the PMT's full year sales outlook, it would have been roughly $50 million lessened from the revenue, and margins would have been about 50 basis points less than what we're showing on the current outlook.
Elena Doom: Peter, I'm going to add, we also have some launch contributions factored into the second half outlook for BGA OE. Its' not significant, but obviously that does impact the – it's currently scheduled for the third quarter, which would be, obviously, a drag on revenues.
Elena Doom: Yeah, well, you recall in the fourth quarter the U.S. saw high double-digit spare growth. We continue to see that in the first quarter for this year in terms of the ATR spares. Europe, call it, relatively muted growth and China obviously is a big comp but versus an easier comp in the first quarter of last year.
Elena Doom: So, Shannon, on the ATR OE component of it and this is [indiscernible] what we talked about in the December outlook call and again in the fourth quarter earnings release, but you are seeing very strong growth on the air transport side offset by declines in regional jet sales. Also we have some free-of-charge systems that again we're expensing or recognizing as we're incurring them. Those continue – that's the outlook really for the duration of this year. So the fundamentals don't change, more in flat. So, that's core growth and I guess you would maybe likely expect to see where we're just plugging in the air transport component of it, but the regional piece is obviously putting a drag on our overall sales.
Elena Doom: We're hoping that that certainly gets better in 2015, but largely dependent upon the overall market.
Elena Doom: In terms of the big bucket, Shannon, I'll just walk through a few of them. On cash pensions, we're now attracting zero in 2014 for cash pension and that's versus the previous estimate of about $100 million before contributions. On the NARCO component of it, we were previously excluding the establishment payments for NARCO, which were roughly, call it $200 million pre-tax and that's still the expectation, but we've just now embedded that in for free cash flow forecast.
Elena Doom: All right, Tony, we'll now conclude today's call. I want to turn it over to Dave Cote for any final remarks.
David Cote: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. I'm sure you've seen by now, Honeywell delivered another good quarter to kick off 2014. EPS of $1.28 increased 10% year-over-year when normalizing for tax, so another quarter of double-digit EPS growth, with earnings coming in above the high-end of our guidance range. This was driven in large part by our strong execution and higher sales conversion, all while maintaining our seed planting investments in the future.  Our enablers and key process initiatives are driving meaningful results throughout the portfolio. An important driver of our productivity continues to be the savings we're seeing from previously funded restructuring actions. With that in mind, we've been able to proactively fund restructuring and other actions by fully deploying the approximate $0.10 gain from the sale of B/E Aerospace shares in the first quarter, just like we did in the fourth quarter of last year. I'd also point out that the company funded an incremental $10 million of restructuring actions in the quarter from operations. So, in total, $0.11 of restructuring and other actions. The projects funded in the first quarter alone are estimated to yield full run rate savings of about $70 million over the next couple of years. We're being proactive about keeping that restructuring pipeline full and we think these actions position us well for further market expansion over the next five years. Margin, EPS and cash flow were all strong in the quarter in spite of slightly slower top line growth, primarily related to timing in PMT and lower defense and space sales. Sales in the quarter of $9.7 billion were up 4% reported and 1% organic. However, if you exclude D&S where the headwinds are well known, organic sales for the total company were up about 3%. We talked a lot about great positions in good industries and our diversity of opportunity which once again benefited us in the quarter. We saw a good momentum exiting the quarter in our short-cycle businesses, while our long-cycle businesses maintained healthy backlog. We're also seeing pockets of recovery in below peak end markets. Transportation systems, for example, continues its healthy pace of recovery, and while weather may have been a factor in some areas, these challenges were mostly offset by weather related areas of opportunity. For example, ECC enjoyed strong double-digit sales growth in combustion and heating controls. The order momentum we're seeing out of our long cycle businesses and short cycle also positions us well for our expected acceleration of organic growth in the second quarter and second half of the year.  Geography is also part of our diversity of opportunity. In the U.S., we continue to see good growth excluding the D&S headwinds I mentioned. We're encouraged by continued stabilization in Europe and even more excited about the growth we saw in China, India and the Middle East. It's worth nothing that each of our SBGs grew double-digits organically in China in the quarter. So, both our short and long cycle businesses are delivering on our high growth reaching strategies. Innovation and investments in new product and technologies are also driving value across the portfolio. We unveiled the Honeywell User Experience or HUE back in March and we couldn't be more excited about what this will mean for Honeywell. We recently opened a HUE design studio in Shanghai with other design studios set to open globally. We're focused on how we can drive significant change and improve the experience for the user, installer and maintainer. With all that being said, we remain cautiously optimistic on the macro economy and with the strength in the first quarter, we're confident in our revised full year outlook for pro forma EPS, raising the low end by $0.05, making our new range $5.40 to $5.55, up 9% to 12% versus prior year.  Our outlook on free cash flow has also improved based on the strong performance we saw in the first quarter. As Tom will detail in a moment, we are now reporting free cash flow without adjustments for cash pension, NARCO payments and one-time items. So, the guidance range remains the same, but it's reflective of the first quarter performance and importantly without adjustments. In summary, we've got a lot of momentum across the portfolio, which we highlighted in our March Investor Day, with roadmap for future growth and profitability as part of our new five-year target going out to 2018. Innovation and execution, our seed planting for the future, Great Positions in Good Industries, and the power of One Honeywell will continue to differentiate us, allowing us to deliver on these targets and continuing to outperform. So with that I'll turn it over to Tom.
David Cote: Yeah, I don't think you're going to get lot more from me than what we already talked about, because we try to explain it first time through. I'd say the reason I didn't bring it up is, I kind of viewed it as history and we already went through that, but at the end of the day, the whole point is, just we've got really good people coming up and we need to make sure that we provide opportunities for them to grow, and at the same time, we've got this five year plan that we submitted to that has some pretty big themes that we want to make sure that we drive.  So M&A, high growth regions, software focus, QE, and as far as HOS goals and as I look at those, I want to make sure we develop them as a company and this gives us an opportunity with the vice chairs that really make sure that happens, and that we can deliver on that five-year plan, but it's really pretty much what I said, Scott, in the announcement we sent out.
David Cote: That’s the point I'd like you to make much more strongly, Steve in all your comments, I have always felt for 10, 12 years we've always included everything and talked about it that way and you allow greater license with some others when it comes to what’s in what's out, we don’t do that.
David Cote: At the end of the day, Steve, your premise is right, take a look at overall PMT, that first quarter struggle continues on a bit during the course of the year, so we expect it's not going to be as good as what we had said initially. And one of the offsets to that is going to be process solutions performance, and what areas we've been able to achieve there, and it's across the broad, it's better growth, better cost performance, better organization. I'm really intrigued with what I see going on in that business and where we should take it.
David Cote: I would say, you're going to see us continuing to drive our software capability because that's a big part of where we differentiate ourselves is just to on a breaks off [ph] on the software side netted value there.
David Cote: I would say the fun is the same and that's -- it is still core. One of the things that – getting back to the diversity of opportunity, I like having a lot of that’s out there so that there is never one thing that really [indiscernible] me, but there is also never any one thing that really takes the whole thing take off. I think it just creates more sustainability, which means that to have all the moving pieces moving in the same positive direction at the same time or negative direction is unlikely. So, what we're seeing right now in particularly resins and chemicals and in fluorine there's a couple of unique aspects that are causing them to not perform as well as we might like.  But at the same time, I know those things are going to be changing. So if I take resins and chemicals, when I take a look at the competitive positioning, it is still the lowest cost producer in the world, and that includes being able to land products in China cheaper than the Chinese can manufacture it domestically. So, we've got an advantage there and I think what you'll probably see is capacity elsewhere in the industry coming out over time and moving our pricing dynamic up. I think with the fluorine, it's largely driven by patents, and when you have something come off-patents, well, pricing has to get hit; that's what you're seeing now. However, we have new patents coming in with the HFO stuff and that's gearing up now. As a result of that, we're going to see some really nice performance out of the fluorines business over the next few years.  So, I would kind of liken it more to, we've got this unusual dynamic going on in both of these businesses that's going to be turning over the next year or so and we'll benefit from it. So they're still good businesses. It's just you can't have every business performing at the same time, it just doesn't work.
David Cote: Probably somewhere in between. We've got to wait for Darius to finish his work there on what he thinks. But at the end of the day there is stuff that is common, and say, 60% of the customers that HPS has and the same UOP has, if you take a look at who they deal with, it should be about the same. The technology, there should be even greater overlap than there is, because UOP is developing processes and HPS is developing the controls that manage the process, and while we've done some of that already, there should be more opportunity there. On the other side you have UOP, which is more obviously of a chemical business, and some on the mechanical side when it comes to how to run those chemicals. And you've got HPS, which is largely a software business, and that's not going to change. I have a tough time seeing the chemical guys running the software engineering or vice versa. So, as to where I see, I think it's going to be somewhere in between and I'm waiting for Darius to finish his review on what he thinks makes the most sense here.
David Cote: It's nearing breakeven. It was probably a third of the overall margin improvement for the quarter for Transportation Systems.
David Cote: Well, I look at both as advancing the enterprise, but to your point, one of them is eliminating a negative as opposed to accentuating a positive. As you know, I started this effort 12 years ago now and thinking that – my first job was given that if you take a look at all of our products and all the stuff we do around the world, we're basically on the side of the angels with everything we do, whether it's energy efficiency, clean energy generation, safety, security, all those macro trends are good things for the world, yet we had the legacy liability that was just uncomfortable and very inconsistent with our message.  I also felt that all this stuff cost you more over time and that our previous strategy of just waiting till we lost in core was not a good one, and we're prepared to do this proactively. Well, we are at a point now where we can actually see the end of the road on this. To the extent we can accelerate meeting that ends of the road; well, I'm all in favor of it. I'd say we're not too far away now, Howard, from being at that point where we've been able to accelerate along these issues, make it less expensive to get done, because either our remediation is a quicker, more effective or we're able to resolve it faster and I can see that within our five-year plan horizon which is a nice place to be.
David Cote: Yeah, my view is it's more on the – I'll try not to be too bullish yet until I actually know. But I see that's the right kind of range to think about it, Howard.
David Cote: I think I've drawn my little chart for you in the past showing how flight hours grow at a relatively stable rate, but spares ordering around those flight hours vary significantly.
David Cote: If I take a look at China that more of what you're seeing, the 40% a few years ago was a pre-buy given the tightening, what you saw after that was the tightening, now what you're seeing is catchup. At some point it’s coming back [ph]
David Cote: All right, thanks guys. Well, we've had a nice start to the year, and as a result we feel confident in raising total year guidance for both earnings per share and cash flow, outperforming in the short-term, while seed planting for the long-term continues to be an important dynamic for us. We intend to not just outperform this year, but also over the next five years. So, thank you for listening and I hope all of you have a marvellous Easter weekend. See you.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. I’d say the growth in orders in HPS was high-single digits for the quarter on an organic basis. And that came across very strong in the Americas. Europe was also very good and Asia was a little bit smaller for us, was a little bit down, but in the Americas we’re seeing really good wins in energy, smart grid solutions as well and services, our service bank continues to grow so – across the board pretty good result there on orders perspective and again as we said this is the second quarter where we’re seeing that momentum, so hopefully bodes well for the second half.
Tom Szlosek: No, I think – the trend I mean, ECC was very strong, Jeff, in the quarter, mid-to-high single-digits on a growth perspective. Americas was very strong in combustion as well, so both homes and combustion. But the trends will probably be mid-single-digits growth over the course of the year if the conditions kind of stay where they are. So we're encouraged by it.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah. I mean, as we said, we're using $1.35 for the second quarter and $1.30 for the second half. I mean we've closed the rate, obviously, to the second quarter and starting to feel more confident of that. We're not trying to be economists or forecasters here; I think it's just more conservatism that we're including. The impact on the second half would not be very significant.
Tom Szlosek: The decline, Scott, we start to see them in the second quarter and we will actually probably be flattish in the second half, so for the year we are expecting to be in line with low single-digit decline for the year.
Tom Szlosek: I’d say, if you look at it from a book to bill ratio pretty strong and from a pure growth percentage we were also mid single digits for the quarter.
Tom Szlosek: Obviously the BEA for the last couple years and some of the other transactions in the last couple years have been a nice catalyst for restructuring but even without those – we’ve through operations been able to generate sufficient capacity and that’s the point of a lot of what we have done as well. So that's what I look to and in terms of how we set our plan we do try to incorporate capacity for that on an ongoing basis, now it’s not going to be hundreds of millions of dollars every quarter but we are very mindful of it.
Tom Szlosek: I mean over the last couple of years, as you know in HPS, there has been focus on driving operational improvements in the business. I mean the business is up 200 basis points in the last two years through the end of December, and you are still seeing some continued restructuring actions that are directed to that business. They've also done a nice job of driving growth in services and software sides. So, advanced solutions, so the mix of their revenue has been pretty good as well, so it's a combination of both operational improvements and the portfolio and what they've been emphasizing.
Tom Szlosek: I don't think – when you look at our revenues in ACS, Howard, we don't have a precise way of determining where every product ends up whether it's the commercial setting or residential setting, but with that said, there are very strong verticals within ACS in the last couple of quarters. I'd point to the retail sales in particular for ECC, that have been a strong indication. Consumers are in fact very interested in energy-related products, thermostats and other things when it comes [ph].
Tom Szlosek: No, I don’t think you're missing anything. On the defense side, as Elena said, we'll get a nice bump in the third quarter because of the comps that we had last year. Overall, the second half is – will be what you see there, but for the year, we're still going to be down in defense. In terms of first half to second half, the R&O timing that we saw in the first quarter, we're going to start seeing that starting, so that's going to help us quite a bit in the second half. I mentioned the BGAs. So, I think the 2% that we're showing for the full year is a full reflection of all the equipment deck that we've got.
Tom Szlosek: I'd add on the BGA side, the first quarter growth that you saw, we'll continue to throughout the course of the year, so a mid-single digit growth on BGA when we look for the year.
