Elena Doom: Good morning. Thank you, Jack. Welcome to Honeywell’s third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. We ask that you keep in mind that today’s presentation contains forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning we’ll review our financial results for the third quarter, share with you our outlook for the fourth and provide an initial framework for 2014 and finally will leave time for your questions. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: And for Europe, I just [indiscernible] the TS decline in the fourth quarter of last year was 8% organic, right, so there's a big pickup in TS relative to Europe. There is a big pick up in UOP year-over-year – UOP in the fourth quarter of last year, so it was down 4% organic. We're anticipating rash [ph] returns and mid to high single digit in the fourth quarter. And then of course we talked about Defense & Space declines moderating at the end of our piece of it from a long-cycle perspective.
Elena Doom: Well that obviously concludes the call for today. I wanted to thank you for your patience and also just turn the call back over to Dave Cote for your final remarks.
David J. Anderson: Probably just – maybe a couple numbers, Dave, to just add what you said. I mean we bought 10 million shares year-to-date. I'd say we're probably on track for $1 billion of share buyback for the full year. I think that's a reasonable number to anticipate. So it's fairly significant activity.
David J. Anderson: Sure. So maybe just talk a little bit about both, Scott, those sales and orders. For ESS we saw pretty good growth in both U.S., in Europe and in China in the quarter but we saw particularly good growth in their order patterns. So the short-cycle pattern we had 1% organic order growth in ACS and I'll talk about total ACS; 1% growth in the first quarter organic, 3% in the second quarter, 5% in third quarter. So really we are seeing that pattern and we've talked about this some that if you did have a need to covers, it's really coming about in our Life Safety business, in ECC, in the security business and to some degree it's getting a bill and mobility. That's a little bit lumpy because of some of our very, very large orders they've received in large shipments. So that's a very positive. You know the TS numbers, those look very good overall. So we see an accelerating pattern there and again, turbo penetration, global life vehicle production as well as obviously the benefit of launches. So we're going to see that trend continue. We see that as a very nice lift off, if you will, for 2014 and that's behind the competence in the statement that Dave and I both made with respect to an accelerating growth outlook for 2014. So we're very, very pleased at the underlying fundamentals, somewhat massed obviously when you look at the total on revenues in the third quarter. We talked about the guidance, et cetera, but really Intermec is the primary thing there and the second thing is D&S, but when you look at the underlying fundamentals, it's quite encouraging.
David J. Anderson: Well, I think what we mentioned there in terms of the framework really was the markets, the Advanced Materials market. We think those are going to continue to be somewhat challenged whereas I mean particularly we're talking there largely about the flooring markets as well as the Resins and Chemicals markets, Nigel. On the other hand, we see the benefit we think of improved production volumes in 2014 helping to offset that. So what we've really flagged here is we think that the macro environment for the business is going to continue to be challenging.
David J. Anderson: I think we continue to perform pretty well we think in terms of our – getting our share of demand. We have as you know a pipeline of very exciting new products. The timing of those in terms of actual introduction is still TBD in terms of probably not a significant benefit in terms of 2014, but you're certainly going to see the benefit of that in 2015 as we transition particularly in floorings to the new molecule of products.
David J. Anderson: I think the benefit on and we can come to the currency point in just a moment, but the backlog is really pretty broad based in terms of where we see it building. We have yet to…
David J. Anderson: Yes, well I think so. I hope so. I mean that certainly was what we’ve been intend to do Steve is go through the redeployment of some tailwind that we have as a result of favorability as I mentioned on pension as well as hopefully other gains just continue this track record and I think its impressive and we like that chart showing that relationship between segment margin and what we built in terms pension benefit. With our repositioning benefit, with respect to pension I think we’re probably somewhere in the neighborhood of that $50 million in terms of year-over-year. I think it’s a good number right now for preliminary planning purposes that is if you just took current discount rates, current rates of return obviously Steve these numbers move around. But we think that’s reflective of the kind of capacity that we think we’re going to be able to have as a result of that.
David J. Anderson: No, we don’t see for example though -- I don’t think any other below the line headwinds at currently that we would say again to keep saying this, but December as you know we provided fairly thorough full some review of our expectations and assumptions for the next year. So we will take you through that, but as of right now there is nothing that we see.
David J. Anderson: Well I think the backdrop is, it always has to be done I think Howard against the backdrop of the global economy and the U.S. economy and just this state if you will of financial markets which are obviously today still Dave I think that’s (indiscernible) uncertain periods now and I think …
David J. Anderson: Well it's a good news story, because what's happening is -- well first of all again if I could just finish there quickly the backdrop is one of macro and we all know what that’s like. We’ve lived through that, we’ve lived through the …
David J. Anderson: And are living through it. So I think that’s number one. So I think prudence is just number one. I think you just have to be very, very cautious in that respect. Number two, your point is very well taken, which is the strength of a company and the continued strong performance in execution is reflected in improved outlook in terms of our credit worthiness. Basically what we’re doing is we’re growing back into our AA2 rating, okay as a result of that and it's both again operation performance as well as the smart we think funding that we’ve done on the pension enabling that as well as managing other liabilities. So Howard what it gives us over the next two to three years is additional flexibility, and I think Dave is very clear in this in terms of what the actual deployment of that capacity and the cash is very much TBD. It gives us a lot of opportunity and if you look at our track record it's one of being we think very smart and very disciplined in how we deploy capital in balance. And we’re just going to continue to do that. But clearly we have more goodness coming through now which represents more upside to shareholders as a result.
David J. Anderson: Sorry Elena. It's what I mentioned earlier and you may have the data again, but it's what I mentioned earlier, Steve, in terms of the progression of what we've seen in the organic short-cycle orders rates of ACS and particularly ESS, so that's really what gives us the indication of a stronger revenue, organic revenue growth outlook.
David J. Anderson: Actually September for us was very good, so we actually exceeded that 5% in the September month, so it was a very, very strong finish that we saw.
David J. Anderson: Yes, the repositioning charges which are below the line. But in terms of the segment margin numbers, John, nothing significant on a year-over-year basis, so there's nothing really that would have driven the comparables on a year-over-year basis third quarter 2012 to third quarter 2013.
David M. Cote: I'd say it's tough to put numbers on it. We're just going through the AOP planning but I don't think those are crazy numbers to think about.
David M. Cote: Yes, I'd say to Dave's point on the global expansion effort, we see it around the world and with oil at 100 bucks and the disparity in gas prices between the U.S. and the rest of the world, I think you're going to continue to see a lot of activity around the world especially as developed regions tend not to invest and emerging markets or high growth regions will. That dynamic looks pretty good for us everywhere. In terms of currency impact in the backlog, no, nothing…
David M. Cote: We will go through that a lot more to our March Investor Day, but I would say for a high end specialty company business like PMT the prospects to be in at 19% margin that be in the ceiling is not something I would accept. So I feel pretty good about their ability to expand. Consistent with what we’ve said in the past, we’ve got a couple of key plans coming online towards the end of ’14, beginning of ’15 and that will have an impact because those are -- those plans are already full, we have to build them and the return to those can be really good.
David M. Cote: Well, we will go through all of that on Investor Day, but I certainly wouldn’t anticipate start up issue. We are doing everything we can to make sure it doesn’t happen.
David M. Cote: Now I do, well first of all our hurdles have always been high, just because somebody can do a calculation that says [whack] is 9.3% now versus 10.1% a year ago; that’s really not relevant when you’re investing in 20% IRR projects and when we take a look at our internal investments whether it's R&D or CapEx we continue stay disciplined in how we invest and we continue to invest more because if the company does better well there’s just a lot more opportunities. The culture is getting better and better at being able to forward thinking and where those opportunities might be. It's better when it comes to actually executing on those and making sure they happen. So no, we never shorted the businesses. It's been part of our philosophy from the beginning about having a full pipeline of great ideas that diversify of opportunity and we're sticking to our knitting on that one.
David M. Cote: Yes, as you continue to push the envelope on getting better and better when it comes to improving supply chain, meaning less inventory overall while improving delivery, it's kind of that old Japanese analogy that as you lower the water level, which we have with inventory and aerospace, well there are rocks that get exposed. And sometimes the rock surprises you a bit. And in this case we did get surprised and it's one of those where I would say I wish we had done a better job with it and I know Tim would say that that we should have seen it coming but we didn't. So this is all fixable. The process is fixable. The sales are recoverable and it will happen and it's just another rock that we have to fix and it will happen.
David M. Cote: Well, it helps – I mean as you know we track short-cycle orders weekly down to very more business levels to get a sense for what's going on and we could see the orders.
David M. Cote: That's been a lot better. We mentioned that on the call last time also that we started to see that and it continues in the quarter.
David M. Cote: Well, the turnaround has been substantial because just the closing of that plant in France was a really nice headache to be done with, so there's a natural pickup from that. The investment in the new facilities is going great and we expect it to be a tailwind for us next year.
David M. Cote: The U.S. is tended to slow down just because of well everything you've been reading about and concerns about budgets everywhere. If you take a look though at Building Solutions performance versus all our big peers in the same business, we've actually outperformed there. And so all in all, it's a good story relative to competition but we sure wouldn't mind if the sales were stronger.
David M. Cote: No, I'd say we're doing fine and what we refer to is high growth regions and I think that China is going to continue in the world and for us and I'd say it's our ability to just increase our reach in every one of these countries whether it's products or sale and distribution, just doing all those basics that cause you to establish foundation in a country. So yes, we're doing fine there. We'll continue to look for that as opportunity for us. Only 55% of our sales are outside the U.S. today and there's 75% of world GDP outside the U.S. and there's plenty of room left for us to grow there.
David M. Cote: Well, the way I describe it if we go all the way back to the recession and we talked about v-in, v-out [ph], slow-in, slow-out and nonresi was one of those slow-ins, so it's been a slow-out. And I think we mentioned on the call last time we've seen an increase in quote activity. I can't say that we've really seen a big spike in orders as a result of that yet, but I think that is one that's going to come. It's just difficult to predict what the timing of it will be. So I think all-in-all, it's just not certain yet when that's going to show up. We'll know a lot more in two or three months of course.
David M. Cote: Thanks. You've come to expect from us consistently in our outperformance and we’re pleased of course to be able to do that again this quarter. The execution of our consistent strategy in that constant seed planting that we always talk about having a great portfolio to grow with continuously improving our internal processes and just further development of our performance culture, these are things that are going to continue to service well as we look to also outperform in the future. And I could promise you we are going to continue to invest around the world in seed planting to make sure we’ve that diversity of opportunity and it’s essential to our future success. So thanks for listening.
