Sean Meakim: Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Chief Executive Officer, Vimal Kapur; and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Lewis. This webcast and the presentation materials, including non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our Investor Relations website. From time to time, we post new information that may be of interest or material to our investors on this website. Our discussion today includes forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today and are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the ones described in our SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the third quarter, share our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2023 and provide some preliminary thoughts on 2024. As always, we'll leave time for your questions at the end. With that, I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Vimal Kapur.
Sean Meakim: Vimal and Greg are now available to answer your questions. We ask that you please be mindful of others in the queue by only asking one question. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Sean Meakim: Sheila, this is Sean. On Aerospace margins, as it relates to defense and space, it's not a material drag on our margins. So that growth there is going to be not materially different than the overall margin rate. So, we find that to be -- that growth to be quite nice to segment profit growth.
Vimal Kapur: Thanks, Greg. Two weeks ago, we announced a portfolio reorganization that aligns our business with distinct, compelling mega trends that are shaping the future of our industries and our planet. These are automation, the future of aviation, and energy transition, and all are underpinned by our robust capability in digitalization. This realignment will enable us to have a simpler, clearer strategic focus and clearly define Honeywell's value proposition for our customers, investors and employees. We are an automation, aerospace and sustainability-focused technology company. We believe this change will empower our business leaders to better prioritize R&D efforts, capital expenditures, M&A pipeline, go-to-market strategies, and more. It will also create a more focused framework for M&A, allowing us to pursue bolt-on acquisitions and select disposition that aligns to our themes and enhance our portfolio. Overall, we have demonstrated the ability to operate under dynamic circumstances, including a global pandemic, large-scale supply chain disruption, heightened inflation, international trade disputes, unprecedented central bank tightening, and geopolitical tensions. Underpinned by the strength of our differentiated Accelerator operating system, we are confident that we can deliver strong financial performance in 2024. We will provide more specific inputs in our annual outlook call once we close out the year. Now, let's turn onto the Slide 7 and I will close with some long-term comments. Let's take a minute to zoom out from the quarterly result. As a reminder, my priorities as CEO are: first, simplify the portfolio to better align with a key mega trend that I mentioned earlier; next, I will drive accelerated organic growth by strengthening our innovation playbook, growing our sustainability and digitalization offering, and maintaining our leadership position in high-growth region; on top of those organic growth efforts, I will manage the portfolio of enhancing our M&A capability, including staying disciplined and executing on bolt-on M&A aligned to these three mega trends; I also plan to advance the Accelerator operating system to create more value through business model optimization. We continue to make progress on our long-term growth algorithm that we discussed during our May Investor Day. Our 2023 guidance represents another year of strong financial performance consistent with our framework, following meaningful progress since 2017 through some very turbulent times. We'll continue to carefully track our progression towards achieving our targets and remain confident in our ability to accelerate growth, expand gross margin to above 40%, achieve 25%-plus segment margin, and generate free cash flow margins of mid-teens plus. I'm thrilled to lead Honeywell into the next phase of our transformation, and I'm optimistic about the tremendous opportunities we are uncovering to capture value, drive incremental sales growth, expand margins and generate more cash. And we'll continue to update you as these efforts increasingly transfer into enhanced financial performance. Now let's turn to the Slide 8 for closing thoughts before we move into the Q&A. We delivered on all commitments in third quarter. We have and will continue to demonstrate resiliency while managing through a dynamic macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop. Overall, demand generation remains strong, particularly in the long-cycle businesses with orders up double-digit year-over-year and record backlog levels will continue to support strong results, while we navigate an external environment that remains challenging for the short cycle. Our portfolio is aligned to powerful mega trends, including automation, the future of aviation, and energy transition all underpinned by digitalization. Our technologically differentiated portfolio of solutions and our world-class Honeywell Accelerator operating system will enable us to capitalize on these trends and drive the profitable growth we outlined in our long-term financial framework. We're expecting a strong finish to 2023 and well positioned for further growth in 2024. We look forward updating you on the progress as we execute on our commitment. With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Vimal Kapur: So, Julian, on HBT, I would say, I'll spend a minute to kind of first go back to what our business model is before I kind of answer your question. I think there are three parts of our HBT business model. First, it is 60% product, 40% solution. And within 40% solution, more than half is aftermarket. So, by very mix, it's a short-cycle oriented business. The second point is the products we have, they are critical to the buildings and that's why they are higher margin. And that explains our constant margin improvement in the segment. And finally, our exposure in buildings is combination of real estate, but also infrastructure. And all that put together explains our results of 2022, where we grew double digits, and this year, we'll grow low-single digits. To your question of 2024, we remain confident HBT will grow per our guidance. Our backlog is growing in our solution business and, of course, the swing factor remains here the short-cycle position.
Vimal Kapur: Steve, you're right, SPS is coming out of the bullwhip effect of COVID and clearly that reflects in our Q3 numbers. But as we mentioned in our earlier conversation, the SPS orders in Q3, we had a book-to-bill of 1 and we see similar trends continuing in Q4, which means we are in a recovery cycle in this business moving forward, starting Q4, and we'll see that in 2024. Margin expansion will certainly help there, because the volumes growth will help in margin expansion. We have re-baselined our cost base, aligned to the new revenue scale. So overall, we should see recovery from this point onwards.
Vimal Kapur: Okay, thanks, Scott. I would say you're absolutely right, Scott, there is a lot of variation how things are working in the world at this point. Let me start with China. We are going to have high-single-digit growth in China this year. It's primarily supported by growth in Aero, but also in some other businesses, too. We see China to be a similar trend, mid-single digit to high-single digit in 2024. We have enough backlog and strength in Aero to support that. In other parts of the world, I would say, we see a lot of strength in Asia, in particular, India and ASEAN countries. And Middle East also, given our strong position in energy, positions us pretty well. And then, Europe and U.S., probably, we all see the impact of high interest rate and challenging environment. So, probably we are experiencing the same here. So, it's the good balance of positive and negative. But one thing I'd like to add there is, as we see our backlog, which grew by 8%, we also see good orders position forecasted for quarter four, it's going to position us pretty well for 2024 ahead in spite of the challenging condition, because we do expect our long-cycle businesses are going to help to drive in our -- the forecasted range of revenue growth for 2024.
Vimal Kapur: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. Look, I would say, in AM, the fluorine products business, the [indiscernible] doing extremely well, continues to grow. As applications keeps growing, its geographic spread keeps growing. So that's very positive. Electronic materials have definitely bottomed out. We have seen signaling of recovery from the [Cree's] (ph) fab manufacturer. And part of that is seen in Q4. Not as good as we'd like it to see, but we are seeing signals of recovery in the electronics side. And there are parts of chemicals which are weak, which is affected in our overall revenue. And like any other short cycle, we expect it to recover aligned with economic conditions there. But I must say that our conviction in the business is very strong. We had outstanding years in 2021 and 2022. And this year should be seen in comps to the past two years.
Vimal Kapur: Thanks, Sheila. I mean the -- I think our -- one of our -- headline of our Q3 has been Aero, and within Aero, the defense and space. Our bookings continue to be strong. Q3 was a strong booking quarter, so was Q2. And that's driven by not only the U.S. domestic bookings, but also international defense markets opening up. And we clearly see reflecting that in our booking rates. The revenue growth is driven by supply chain actions, which are now being seen in defense also. And we expect the continued growth in the defense segment in quarter four and 2024 ahead, too. So, punchline is that defense is going to become a contributing factor in the continued Aero growth, given the overall geopolitical conditions in the world.
Vimal Kapur: Jeff, on advanced material, I would say, pretty fascinating to see how this changeover is happening between Solstice 410A and 454. We are working with all key OEMs for several years. This is not a new dimension for us. We have been on it for last several years, and we see the switchover happening from 410 to 454 in the times ahead, and we have secured our position with the key OEMs. So, I would say, for us is I would call it like business as usual because this is something which is part of our business, and we were ahead of the game here to look ahead and think about it simplification on us, and we are well covered on that.
Vimal Kapur: Nicole, we have -- I would say, the channel inventory is reflected in our orders rate. Our orders rate for both buildings and SPS had a book-to-bill of 1 last quarter. And the similar trends are persisting so far in October, which tells me that we are on a path of a slight recovery. And that's an indirect measure for me on channels are looking at stocking back again from the cycle. So -- and we expect a short cycle to slightly recover progressively every month moving forward, but not as fast as we'd like it to be at this point.
Vimal Kapur: So, we do get, I would say, benefit of different government stimulus programs, the recent one being around, I would say, chipset, semiconductor activity in U.S. The proposal activity there is strong. And hopefully, we'll win enough to see the benefit of that in the times ahead. But I must also point that we also see heightened infrastructure activity outside the U.S., specifically in high-growth regions. One of the strength of HBT business is very strong footprint in high-growth regions, China, ASEAN, Middle East, India, et cetera. And there, the activity on infrastructure build-out is pretty strong, which is going to help us in building out our backlog, specifically in long cycle. So that's how we see those dimensions in the business.
Vimal Kapur: Yeah. So, year-to-date, I would say, the orders rate in UOP and HPS are pretty strong, and we expect to finish very strongly for both the businesses in 2023 and carry forward good backlog for 2024. The wins are driven by multiple end markets in HPS. And UOP is certainly benefiting from strong demand of catalysts. But also now strong demand coming from sustainable technologies. Our sustainable technology business is growing at triple-digit rate as we had anticipated. And all that is really adding up for strong performance of UOP for 2023 orders.
Vimal Kapur: Thank you. Our value creation framework is working. While the macro economy remains challenging and the timing of a short-cycle acceleration is uncertain, we are deploying our rigorous operating playbook to navigate near-term volatility. We are confident in our ability to weather near-term challenges and meet our performance targets, underpinned by ongoing strength in our two biggest end markets, aerospace and energy, combined with the operating rigor you have expected from Honeywell. Thank you all, and our Honeywell colleagues, who continue to enable us to outperform in any environment and drive differentiated performance for our customers and shareholders. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Greg Lewis: Hey, Julian. So, I'll take the first one and I'll pitch it to Vimal for number two. So overall, we've had a great year in margin expansion for Honeywell. And again, we're looking to finish the year at the high end of our guidance range, as you've seen. So, I think we've continued to demonstrate our ability to drive margin expansion in any environment. And as we look into Q4, as you said, we see a nice sequential improvement from Q3 to Q4 and some healthy margin expansion there as well. In PMT, we talk about it often, the margin tends to be somewhat lumpy from any one quarter to the next. A big part of that, of course, is where catalyst shipments wind up during the course of the year and which end market. And so, as we go into Q4, for PMT, we have a pretty healthy UOP mix for sure. And we're seeing also some recovery from some of the challenges that we've had earlier in the year with operations in AM. So, that's really the underlying theme for Q4. But we think the teams have done a great job and PMT is on track also to have a very nice year overall with high-single-digit top-line growth and some modest margin expansion. So, we're pretty pleased with where we are going with that. And maybe, Vimal, I'll hand it to you on the HBT one.
Greg Lewis: I think, Steve, overall top-line growth could be flattish next year, but as Vimal said, with particularly -- as the short-cycle accelerates, there's a lot of leverage in those short-cycle businesses, in particular. So, we absolutely will do that, expect to see that come through. And again, on the Intelligrated side, with the aftermarket growing far greater than the project business, we should see some nice mix in that business as well. So, the timing of that acceleration, as we've said, overall, still is something that we're waiting to see happen, but we've flattened out, bottomed out the orders rate, so it should be coming any time now. And when it does, a lot of leverage comes along with it.
Greg Lewis: Sure. Yes. So again, it's way too early for guidance. Of course, we'll do that specifically in 90 days or so when we announce our full year earnings. So the comments we've been giving is that we see things within that long-term framework. That's a reasonably good barometer for how we're seeing things at the moment. But again, 90 days from now, we'll know a lot more. In terms of the free cash flow, you're exactly right. We have $1.2 billion of settlements. That's obviously not going to happen again next year. So that's an immediate add back to the base. And then, from there, we expect to see free cash grow in line or maybe better with earnings. The maybe around that is really a matter of we expect to start seeing the liquidation of our working capital, but we also have a very robust set of growth projects on capital. And so, we're going to be going through our budgeting process here over the course of the fourth quarter, and we may have some good things to put forth from a CapEx standpoint next year. So -- but we feel really good about the progress that we're making in cash flow. Again, this quarter, very nice cash flow number, 100% conversion, 17% cash margin. So, we've made some nice progress. One other kind of good anecdotal point, we've started to see Aero bring their days of supply down in inventory. So, while the number in the aggregates gone up, they're obviously growing the business in the high teens, but we are starting to see the efficiency and inventory show up. So that's really how we're thinking about it at this stage for next year, but we'll know a lot more in 90 days and be a bit more precise. And then, on pension, could it be $50 million or $100 million worse. We'll see rates move around a lot, as you know. And as I mentioned in my comments, we snapped the line at the end of the year, but it's trending to be lower income next year, but obviously nowhere near the kind of shock that we had in the 2023 change.
Greg Lewis: So, maybe I'll hit the pension one first. So no, Jeff, we haven't changed anything in our accounting. We'll do our normal mark-to-market in the fourth quarter as we've done for many years now. And again, what I mentioned $50 million to $100 million is a range. We'll see how the final numbers pan out with discount rates and returns on assets for the asset bases themselves. So, nothing different, and we'll give you a more precise answer after the turn of the year when we snap the line.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. Hey, Deane, we don't disclose our individual segment's price/cost. But if you recall, I mean, we've mentioned that we're going to retain our price/cost positivity, and we've done that inside of HBT throughout the course of the year. So, you see the numbers for total Honeywell, I think we're within our zone that we had guided. From a pricing perspective, it's probably going to be 4% for the year across the total portfolio. Maybe I'll pass it to Vimal on the other side.
Greg Lewis: So, in terms of conviction level, it's high. I mean, I feel pretty strongly about the PMT team's ability to perform here. Again, we're not at a place where we're giving guidance ranges for next year for any given segments. I expect the PMT business, as currently constructed, we expect accretion next year as well. But we're not going to get into any specific guidance ranges around that at this moment. But our conviction level is high. The team is delivering. They've taken all the right actions in each of the three businesses. And as we said, with a nice mix going into Q4 on catalysts, we expect to be able to deliver the margin accretion in Q4.
