David Cote: I’d say it’s a combination of things Scott and I think we touched on most of them. One is it a slow growth environment overall. Within that we’ve been able to -- with the new product launches that we’ve done, those end up being margin enhancing launches. But as we also said back in the Investor Day a couple of years ago that we were really going to start to see the sales inflection as we got towards the end of ’16 and into ’17 as we got the planned expansions done, the aerospace launches occurred. So we pretty much expected it was going to work out this way. In the meantime, we had a lot of seed planting we've done on the process improvement side, which continues. There is just a lot of process improvement still available to us that’s going to allow us to continue to expand margins at the same time that we invest in R&D. So from an overall sales perspective, while I wish that macro environment cooperate a little more and more than we certainly it’s less than what we expected at the beginning of the year, we’re going to continue to deliver very well on that sales growth because we anticipated that it was going to be on the lower side for ’15 and some into ’16 but that the inflections would occur after that.
David Cote: No, I can understand the transcripts but if you look at like debt position of the say just the American consumer back then versus today, very different, bank capability, bank reserve, they're very different than what we're dealing with today.
David Cote: Jeff, I should add on the process control side, we actually expect sales will be up next year versus this year as we start to see the benefit of those megaprojects that we want.
David Cote: Well. It's a kind of a tale of two cities on the short cycle side. We have seen the decline there that we've talked about. On the other side looking at these big projects the mega projects where we've always said that is really where our big market is and where we do a [projectedly] well because of the complexity and the numerous amount of input and output points that you have to maintain, we've always done well there and we've done really well over these last couple of years printing a lot of these big orders that are going to do very well for us and plan to see it through the future. We put all that together while this year has been a little tougher because of that short cycle impact and the tax at the mega projects still coming right away, that reverses next year and we start to see the benefit of that mega project kind of coming through.
David Cote: I want to say that certainly one of the things we're going to be looking at as we go through our AOP planning and as I probably mentioned in the past we started planning for 2016 in particular back in January of this year recognizing that the kind of macro environment, we were in and that it would require more advanced planning than a lot of companies do when it comes to how far out you look. And we're going to talk a lot more about that at the December call. But I fully expect that in a slow growth environment we're going to continue to expand margins in a way that people are going to like.
David Cote: The other thing I would add is that all the new products that we had, that we introduce into the systems that have higher margin rates that what we have before because of the value was able to provide to the customer through either [Huey] or combing functions or been able to give them a better price with the better performance. That really does make a difference over time and just makes you much more competitive and a lot more profitable, so that impact is there in there also. In terms of keeping it fresh that's not that difficult I'd say for us to do and often times say the only thing that I ever worry about when it comes to Honeywell generally is that we lose our hunger. And I don't think that's going to happen, everybody still pretty hungry and wants to perform and we want that multiple premium that we think we deserve and we're going to keep doing everything we need to get it then I could promise everybody think in that way.
David Cote: This one kind of an unusual I have to say. We've got a little by it ourselves than it just shows there is a lot of pent up demand out there and I mean you're dealing with government, so they don't always move as quickly as any of might like, but that's all going to play in at some point here.
David Cote: I would say it's a good deal for them. This is one of those things where with no money out on from them, they end up saving money which oftentimes takes them some work to be able to understand and convince others, but once they do it generally gets there. So I am pretty confident the stuff’s going to convert, it's a question of timing.
David Cote: I am not worried about changing behaviors to get the margin rate performance because we're doing all that stuff now, so it's going to work out, that will work out fine. When it comes to how do we perform versus the five year plan, who knows what the economy does in ‘17 and ‘18 as I often times say the future has this odd way of unfolding differently than all of us predict and while I am predicting slow growth right now, there is a chance it could go the other way around. I don't see a recession; however, there is a chance that this could just become something a lot better. Put all that together and I would have to say the sales growth to your point that we estimated in the five year plan looks 40 at this point even with the inflexion that we're expecting. On the margin rate side still have high expectation there and as you recall in the Investor Day, one of the things we try to show was not just the 5-year plan but where we thought each business in the Company could get to. And when you look at that you’ve got pretty sure we had a chart in there a couple of years ago when we did this, when you look at that you see, jeez, there's still a lot of room to penetrate and we have higher margin rate peers in every single business that we're in and for the Company in total. And we're going to be able to continue to drive that and everybody in the Company is driving to those long-term numbers not just to achieving the 5-year plan.
Dave Cote: Some overall comments and I'll turn it over to Tom. I'd say you're going to see at least three different phenomenon, I guess, one would be what happens on orders, what happens sales, what happens on catalysts. From an orders perspective that's been declining as you know and it's been a little lean here during this year and I would expect next year orders activity is going to pick up and we see that already as Tom mentioned on quotes activity. So we expect the backlog to start building again next year. I want to come to sales because of the lag from backlog to sales. We expect that sales will be down next year in UOP versus this year largely because of that backlog completion, the time it takes to build it back up again.  The third phenomenon catalyst, we've seen that starting to pick up again which is a very good sign as you know and we also feel that there is this unrequited demand at this point for refinery reloads that refineries have been making a lot of money. So they have been wanted to ever shutdown to reload in the preferred dwindling yields to shutting down and getting the better productivity. In other words, we wanted to produce while the timing was in their and pricing was in their favor. And we see catalysts start to pick up when we expect that will continue through next year. You put all those together next year we expect sales to be down but orders backlog to start building up and this is just why we have a diversified portfolio, I would say diversity of opportunity for us to be able to manage that because it will come back and I have no doubt in a very good way. Tom, if you have…
Dave Cote: I would say on the gas side, to the extent that we get those quarters, we can turn them pretty quickly. We’re going to stay concerned on what do we really expect when it comes to orders, we were encouraged that we got a couple of orders there in this past quarter versus none in the first six months of the year and we’re hopeful that we land a couple of more in the fourth quarter and early next year, but too early for us to commit on that. In terms of with that alone be not have decline in EOP sales next year, I’d say that’s unlikely. Most likely what we’re going to be dealing with is sales decline when it comes to EOP. But as you know catalysts are pretty good for us and we expect the catalyst to form well and that let’s say good mix to have.
Dave Cote: Thanks. We’re quite pleased with our continued ability to deliver double digit earnings growth even in this slow growth economy. And we recognize that kind of outperformance as what you have come to expect from us and we intend to continue outperforming. The growth programs that we have funded in every business and region will continue to deliver, and even more so in the future. That growth combined with continued process improvements from things like HOS functional transformation and GOE and the like will add to our capability to margin rates and we look forward to continuing to deliver for our investors. Thanks.
Tom Szlosek: Yes just to for a little more specific timing, definitely as Dave said, orders have been down particularly on the equipment and gas processing side. But with that said, there is a very strong pipeline for the fourth quarter and we kind of track the quotation activity in our salesforce.com applications and we are seeing a significant amount of inquiries and request for proposal and the like. And so we've got a very visibility to some what could be a strong fourth quarter, in terms of the backlog -- by the end of year sure it will be down year-over-year, but it's not going to be earth-shattering down, could be high single digits maybe slightly into double digits but that will be manageable. On the catalyst side, they're having a fantastic year and they had a fantastic orders quarter in the third quarter and it's going to lead to a really strong fourth quarter on the catalyst side. We'll probably be mid-to-high single digit growth on the catalyst for the full year and we hope to sustain that level of sales in 2016 on the catalyst offset, there is pressure that you will see a bit from the backlog I mention.
Tom Szlosek: Another thing I would add, Joe you asked about pricing in process solutions. Yes it is holding up well as you might expect with the discretionary cuts in our customers basis, you'd see some pressure there, but give the technology that we have really allows us to deliver some value that we are capturing pricing on. So it's holding up fairly well in that segment.
Tom Szlosek: I mean you pretty much said it Dave. The R&O work that we do does consume a lot of spares and that R&O business is growing very strongly. And so when you consider them in their totality I think it’s very healthy and it is in line with the flight hour growth. So that’s what we expect to continue, yes maybe there is some consolidation in airlines or different buying behaviors but overall we have kind of become accustomed to those and dealing with our approach. So I expect us to be continue to be in line with the flight hours.
