Elena Doom: Thank you, Leo. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell’s Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO Dave Cote and Senior Vice President and CFO Tom Szlosek. Today’s call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today’s presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principle risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10(k) and other SEC filings. This morning we will review our financial results for Q3, share with you our outlook for Q4 and provide an initial framework for 2015. And finally we leave time for your questions. So with that I’ll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: And I’d add it’s a big driver for this incremental growth in UOP versus the growth rate we’re seeing in 2014.
Elena Doom: So we are seeing good growth in Advanced Materials, Andrew. I mean in the quarter Advanced Materials grew 7% organically so I think what we’re saying is at this point the continuation of that type of mid-single-digit growth rate is what we’re expecting for next year given it’s still early days.
Dave Cote: Well, first of all I don’t think that we ever provide a chart commenting on that so it’s not unusual.
Dave Cote: I guess 19%, 14% depending upon how you want to look at it doesn’t suffice so I understand. But at the end of the day our strategy’s still the same – it’s to stay opportunistic on both the M&A side and the share repurchase side, and I think M&A conditions are starting to improve with the kind of pull back we’ve seen. So who knows how things develop, I’m not promising anything. You never know where things are going to go but at the end of the day times are getting better to buy so we’ll see what happens.
Dave Cote: Well you know, I’ve always said I never say never on doing anything large, so we’ll say I don’t know, $5 billion to $10 billion. But at this date we’ve never done it either – it doesn’t mean we won’t but I’ve never done it. We still continue to maintain a very active pipeline of projects from small stuff to big stuff and we’re going to keep doing that, and who knows? Maybe someday something bigger strikes. In the meantime we still keep looking at stuff that’s more bite-size, more manageable. And it’s tough to predict where these things go. As [Ann Madden] keeps reminding us you kiss 100 frogs to find, I guess in my case the princess. So it’s just one of those things that we’re going to keep looking at and keep working.
Dave Cote: Yeah, I would say you’ve been hearing me say now for over a year I think that we’ve been seeing increased quote activity but no results from it. We’re finally starting to see some slight improvements in growth rates from what we’ve seen in some of our other businesses. I’d like to think that that portends a trend. I’m not ready to declare that yet but I do believe the time has come. And for me part of this is just the aftermath of the recession. We said at the time how you went in was likely how you were going to come out, and it was stuff that went in quickly, like aircraft spares came out quickly. Stuff that went in slowly like non-res construction has been slow to come out, and I think we’re finally at that point where we’re in the kind of slow-to-come-out range. I don’t expect a boom but I still think it’s going to be a tailwind for us.
Dave Cote: No, not really. I would say, going back to what I said before we’re going to stay opportunistic. We have a lot of faith in our ability to continue growing and I think we certainly demonstrated that again this quarter. And when it comes to both repurchases and M&A we’re going to stay opportunistic, and having money gives you opportunities. Once the money’s gone the opportunities aren’t there anymore. So we’re going to continue to drive really strong earnings growth especially versus our peers with or without a buyback. And it’s always an opportunity for us.
Dave Cote: December 16th and we’ll talk about it more then. But you can expect something that’s consistent with our five-year plan where you’ll look at it and go “Oh, they’re still on track.” 
Dave Cote: Well quite honestly I don’t really look at the SG&A line all that much so I should describe it more as how I do look at it. On the sales side we have been adding feet on the street when you look at high-growth regions and that’s one of the reasons that you’re seeing such good performance there, because if you have great products and services and one guy covering a country you’re just not going to sell as much. You’ve got to have somebody who can be out there and represent. I do know on the G&A side, that’s going down because a lot of that is part of our functional transformation – so you think about Legal, Finance, IT, HR. All that stuff is going down consistent with functional transformation. So all the stuff that we’ve talked about is continuing to happen and I suppose we can get a better SG&A answer for you.
Dave Cote: Because at the end of the day the change in the thought process has been, historically I’ve been pretty adamant about never hedging on translation just because I think over the course of twenty years you’re basically out the cost of hedging. This year I’d say well, there’s always the possibility it could go the other way because these things are unpredictable. The prospects of it going to $1.10, $1.20 I think is very real and we looked at it and said it’s better to say, protect ourselves on half or so of our exposure and forego a bit of that upside just to protect ourselves on the downside in what could be a tougher macro again. And that was the thought process behind it and we were able to do it with a very good understanding of what the impact was month by month. So we were able to avoid having to use that marked to market approach.
Dave Cote: Our hurdles are not going to change and they’re the same ones that we’ve used for 13 years, and that’s accretive in the second year, IRR clearly above the cost of capital – so think of it in the 11%, 12% range; and ROI above 10% in the fifth year and that’s all-in, so that includes all the amortization and everything else so it’s a more difficult hurdle than people might think. And at the end of the day regardless of the size we’ll be able to demonstrate 6% to 8% of sales as cost synergies because I don’t want to count on any sales synergies as you know, and I want to make sure that we stay disciplined as hell in terms of our deployment so we’re never going to panic. And the nice thing about it is we have a terrific organic growth prospect. So it’s not like I have to do M&A in order [deliver] and that’s why we construct our five-year plan the way we do, so that you would look at it and go “Geez, these numbers are awfully good whether they do M&A or not.” But I never want to feel panicked and we don’t. So you can expect that whatever we do, whatever we do end up doing – whether it’s a bunch of small stuff, something big, various big things depending on how you want to classify it – it’s all going to meet that criteria.
Dave Cote: I would say it’s still a little too early to declare on any of that – we’ll do more of that in December. I’d say you can expect that UOP’s going to continue to do well.
Dave Cote: Ah, thank you – I thought I was going to have to beg again. Andrew Obin – Bank of America : No. [laughter]
Dave Cote: Besides if we had a whole page of green arrows you’d be asking how could we possibly believe the environment to be that good.Andrew Obin – Bank of America : I appreciate that. And just a comment on BSD, you sort of commented that you’re seeing non-res accelerating. Could you just give more color on what specifically you’re saying, what areas because it would be really good news if we are seeing non-res cycle pickup.
Dave Cote: Hey Howard, thank you.Howard Rubel – Jefferies & Co. : Well no, thank you, Dave. I mean numbers like this, you know, only come from Honeywell.
Dave Cote: Now that’s what I’m talking about, Howard, thank you!Howard Rubel – Jefferies & Co. : Boy this is really amazing, the suck-ups we’re doing here but anyhow…
Dave Cote: I was going to say we appreciate you picking up on that one because we’re quite proud of everything we’ve done there, not just by Intermec but by really pulling together several players in the industry and creating a “One Honeywell” approach that’s really made a difference. And they all brought different technologies and perspectives whether it was Hand-Held, Metrologic or Intermec.  And I think our guys, starting with Darius the leader originally and then John [Waldren] who’s in there now have done a great job pulling all that together and rationalizing it so that we expanded our offerings, pushed the technology more so than others have, including what we’ve been able to do with Voice or Vocollect coming out of the Intermec acquisition; and getting better coverage – just being out there and being able to tell our story with feet on the street in a way that we weren’t able to before. So it’s really just a matter of running it better and taking advantage of the technologies that we brought together and running it better.Howard Rubel – Jefferies & Co. : So when we look at the Intermec numbers year-on-year they’re up, it’s hard to totally tell but it looks like high single digits. I know that’s only one part of everything you’re doing there.
Dave Cote: That’s something that we defer to each of the businesses to make those kinds of decisions, and each of them has their kind of kiss-or-kill approach to all of these projects. And some of it’s by country, some of it’s by business so they’re constantly looking at making sure that we get the biggest bang for the R&D buck. And I would say it’s one of the things that I look at and say across the company we still have opportunity for. Sometimes we’ll have a project that we’ll look at and say “Geez, this is going to cause sales to grow 8%, that’s great, let’s do it,” but we really don’t push ourselves because it might be a business that could be growing 20% - we’re just not thinking big enough for it. On the other side there’s still projects that we linger with too long or we focus on little stuff when we should be conglomerating some of that and focusing on something bigger. So I’d say we do a good job overall, certainly a hell of a lot better than we used to, but I still see more upside to being more disciplined on that in every business.Howard Rubel – Jefferies & Co. : Thank you for your help today.
Dave Cote: As usual you can expect us to plan for some of the worst just so that we know what our downside is. I don’t think that’s what’s going to happen here, though, just based upon what you read about Ebola. In terms of its actual impact on the US in terms of how many people actually get ill, at least from the best I’ve been able to glean, we don’t expect much of an impact there. The thing you can’t predict is what that fear quotient is going to do, and as people just start to become afraid and as media has something new to talk about it’s tough to predict where that will go. So I’d say overall I don’t expect the actual impact in terms of illness to be consistent with what we saw with SARS. You still need to start to factor in what that fear quotient could do and that we’re not really going to know except over the next two to three months I would say. And we’re going to plan, make sure that we have a plan to address it in the most conservative way possible just so that we’re prepared.
Dave Cote: Over the last few years we’d have to say the global macro economy really hasn’t provided much help, and we expect it’s going to continue that way as we outlined in our five-year plan back in March. As Tom and I both mentioned conservative sales planning has been the way to go and we’re going to continue that approach. It’s probably obvious by now that we’re pleased with our outperformance this quarter and this year and for that matter over the last few years, and we intend to continue outperforming consistent with our five-year plan. Within a slow global economy we will get all the sales we can because of our great positions in good industries, our high-growth region presence and focus, and new products. With that sales growth we’ll continue to drive cost and process discipline through our focus on HOS goals. So said more simply, we intend to continue outperforming. So thanks for listening and of course thank you to all our owners. I promise we won’t disappoint you, thanks.
Tom Szlosek: Just there’s discussion of cancellations and we’ve thoroughly assessed our backlog and we’re really not seeing anything. As Dave said there’s a natural floor, and maybe if you get significantly below that you might see more activity. But the only impacts are minor delays in project financing but it really hasn’t shown any impact on the backlog.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I mean it’s at or around current rates now, Nigel. That’s essentially the way to think of it. So if you think about the current exchange rates for TS it essentially locks us in to what you see. 
Tom Szlosek: No, it’s pure hedge accounting. If the mark on the hedge goes to [below translation] or goes below the line outside of operating profits it serves to offset that.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, good question, Steve. If you drew the line today for pension expense considering even the most recent market developments and the low interest rate environment, we’d be about flat year-over-year for pension expense. As I said right now no foreseeable contributions from a cash perspective in the next couple periods. Marked to market-wise for 2014 as you know, if there is one we would do it in Q4. Right now again based on the assumptions as we understand them today, at least for our major plans – the US plans – they would not be a marked to market.
Tom Szlosek: Well in terms of the quantity of the CAPEX, we peak in 2015 in terms of the expenditure level. But as you know starting in the second half of this year we’ve got some of that capacity coming online this year mostly for the Solstice product portfolio and a little bit in the UOP catalyst. But those plants as we’ve said over and over again have pretty much hit the ground running at full capacity and so when you look at the growth rates you’re seeing in PMT, that 7%, that’s a reflection of being able to put that capacity to work right away.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, Middle East, Israel, Turkey, some of the regions that you might expect to have the funding and where there’s activity; a little bit in India as well.
Tom Szlosek: No. I mean we’re really excited about fluorines overall and the transition that we’ve got going, but nothing significant from that perspective.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I think Dave is telling me not to share anything until December 16th, which I’m going to follow my boss’ orders. [laughter]
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, just a reminder on how to read that chart: the side arrows mean the growth rates themselves for ’15 compared to the growth rates for 2014. So as Elena points out we’ve seen really decent growth especially in the second half in the Advanced Materials portfolio including fluorine or led by fluorine. So we’re expecting that trend to continue in 2015. So I think it’s a good story.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I think it’s been moderate. I don’t want to overplay the pickup on the commercial piece of the non-res but we are seeing a significant amount of quotation activity in the US and particularly on the federal side of the energy vertical. The municipalities and other institutions are also coming along but overall the orders are starting to pick up. We’re expecting good orders, [a story of performance] in Q4 that should serve us well in 2015.Andrew Obin – Bank of America : Terrific, thank you.
Tom Szlosek: That’s right, Howard. And I know we’re getting the, as Dave said the technologies are very strong and they’re complementary to what exists in the Scanning Mobility business. We didn’t have printing; we didn’t have voice. We did have mobile computers but Intermec had a very strong platform and so we’ve been able to integrate all three of those product lines nicely and to accelerate the growth there. And as you alluded to the performance against what our expectations were has been tremendous and when we look at the headline multiple versus where we are today it’s quite remarkable.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I believe the actual savings from ’13 to ’14 is similar – it’s in that $125 million, $150 million range for 2015. In terms of the cash spend I think for 2014 it’d be about $200 million.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I think for next year I would expect, I mean our unspent backlog as of the end of Q3 is about $350 million, a little less than that. And I would expect that we would spend $150 million to $200 million of that (inaudible).
Tom Szlosek: Okay. So right now as I said our expense, our P&L expense of restructuring is about $120 million and we spent the cash that we had indicated. We’re always looking at opportunities. Every quarter we review with Dave; every business reviews a portfolio of restructuring opportunities just like we do for M&A opportunities. And we look at them in a disciplined way. We look at the paybacks, we look at the ROIs and so forth, and yes, it’s true – we tend to look for opportunities to fund those restructuring, and yes, it’s also true that we have some potential funding capacity as we look out. But I don’t think we’ve come to any conclusions at this point on what we’re going to do in 2015. We’ll take it opportunistically as we go through the year like we normally do.
