Mark Macaluso: Thanks Derrick. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. With me here today are our Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Lewis. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our annual report on Form 10-K and other SEC filings. For this call, references to adjusted earnings per share, free cash flow, free cash flow conversion and effective tax rate exclude impacts from separation costs related to the spin-off of our Homes and Transportation Systems businesses, and U.S. tax legislation except where otherwise noted. This morning, we'll review our financial results for the third quarter of 2018, share our guidance for the fourth quarter and provide an update to our full year 2018 outlook. As always, we'll leave time for your questions at the end. So with that, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Darius Adamczyk.
Mark Macaluso: Thanks Darius. Darius and Greg are now available to answer your question. So Derrick if you could please open the line for Q&A.
Mark Macaluso: And Jeff, this is Mark. If I could, just to be clear, the caps, the $350 million cap that we cited in August, that is the cash payment cap, right. And so as we had said in August, the expenses whatever they are could be higher and that from a P&L perspective could be closer to the $0.40 we cited in the release. So, I think that's where you're getting tripped up, there's a $0.40 expense, separately there's an annual cash payment cap in respect of any year that's $350 million.
Darius Adamczyk: Thanks Greg. The fourth quarter begins a new chapter for Honeywell. Our two spin-offs leave us in a even stronger position for the more focused and growth oriented portfolio in industry-leading businesses across attractive end markets. Each has multiple lovers to drive inorganic and organic growth as well as continued margin expansion. Our cash performance this year has been outstanding and there's still room for improvement. Year-over-year the free cash flow growth has exceeded 20% each quarter and our free cash flow conversion is also improved significantly. We are rapidly approaching 100% conversion as we demonstrated this quarter. Our financial condition is best-in-class by healthy balance sheet that provides us with significant capacity to deploy dividends, share repurchases and M&A. Our commitment to deploy cash both smartly and aggressively has not changed. Importantly, we have a strong performance culture. Our say will continue to equal our do, and are focused on continuing to outperform for our customers, our shareowners and our employees. We’re looking forward to sharing more exceptional results, as well as our 2019 outlook during our fourth quarter earnings call in late January. With that Mark, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I’ll take that one. I mean certainly we’re seeing a little bit of China has to be the highlight and certainly Q3 was not as robust as some of the quarters that we saw in the first half. So you know there is - we did have some tougher comps that we expected. We had some challenges our air and water business which has been throughout the year. So I'm not alarmed yet, but certainly Q3 was a bit slower in terms of growth. I mean we grew the Chinese market but not at a double-digit pace that we saw earlier in the year. So that's probably my number one area to watch. I wouldn’t say I’m concerned about it yet but certainly an area of focus. On the flip side of the coin, U.S. was extraordinarily robust, think about 9% to 10% kind of a growth rate in the U.S. and was probably at the other end of the spectrum. We continue to be very bullish in the U.S. markets and I expect that to continue. And then sort of the rest of the global it was a little bit of a mixed bag. I mean some Southeast Asia business was good. We had a really nice recovery in our Latin American business that was really good to see that’s been our focus for business activities throughout the year and we see that coming back. Middle East was okay. India was a bit slower than we anticipated but we expect a pretty good recovery in Q4. So all in all I mean there is certainly some puts and takes, very encouraged by what we're seeing in North America with our focus on China as we head into Q4.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think that's why we’re very careful to pick our wording in the press release so which is that - you should expect at least 1% share count reduction. The 1% is roughly measured with 3 billion that are already committed to but you spot on your comment is exactly right, that's the way we think about capital allocation. And depending upon what happens in M&A, we’ll potentially do buybacks. There are a couple of things that we think we could get done and announce maybe even as possibly in Q4 probably not close in Q4. So, but I never really count the M&A transactions until they are signed and done. So I want to monitor that quickly we have been in the market early in Q4 as we pointed out in the press release. I thought there were some attractive price points for us and continue to be, but yes - the framework you're thinking of is exactly the one we use, which is, we kind of toggle this between M&A and buyback. As I said, I would prefer M&A, but it's - as I said on multiple earnings call now, it continues to be a challenged environment and unfortunately it's kind of becoming the new normal. Although we were thrilled to pick up the Transnorm acquisition, and I think an attractive entry point, but from a price stand - but a really important entry point into Europe for our Intelligrated business. Not only is it a terrific acquisition on its own, it also gives us that really nice foothold in Europe, just an outstanding business.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, typically refiners got to wait till the last moment. So a lot of that investment, so that's what sort of surprised us. So we expect 2019 to be a good year. But the numbers speak for themselves of UOP backlog up double digit. That gives me a good side strong booking rates. Sort of the margin challenges that were evident in Q3, we very much expected, we communicated those in Q2. We knew that they were going to be dilutive. But by the way, that reverses in Q4 based on the mix of products that we ship. So, overall we're very bullish on UOP and what they're going to do. And like I said, at the end of the day I look at the numbers and when I see backlog up double digit like it is, I'm very encouraged as we head into 2019 and beyond.
Darius Adamczyk: And Josh, I think we're extremely proud of what we've been able to achieve on the working capital side. If you recall couple of years ago, I've made this a priority for the business for us to really monitor the balance sheet as much as we monitor P&L statement. And with this kind of a growth rate that you're seeing, 7% top line, our working capital is now more than $600 million. I mean, that's - I'm very proud of the Honeywell team in terms of what they've been able to accomplish on that perspective and it's coming through in our cash performance.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes I don't know if there is such a thing as normal number. It is dropping significantly year-over-year by more than $100 million. So it’s coming down some of it is measured with slightly smaller Honeywell. But we still have as you recall back the EPG one of the things we have plenty of runway for and what Torsten's number one mission and you head integrated supply chain is to really reduce our fixed cost base. So that's where most of that funding is going to be going next year and it's a fairly substantial change in terms of the cost structure of Honeywell. And A) reducing it and B) making it - converting it from being much more fixed oriented to variable oriented. So we’re going to need some continued restructuring funding, I don’t know if I can give you sort of a normal number. I would think that it still going to be elevated at kind of the levels we projected for 2019 and probably for 2020 and probably after that come down a bit more as we get some of that heavy lifting done. So that's the way to kind frame it up and think about it.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, first of all let’s start with connected buildings. I think our technology offering in connected buildings is maybe as further along than any of the other connected. I mean we have ready to go technologies that we're currently offering and selling and you heard an example of that in our pitch this morning. So I'm very excited that we really need to be much more commercially savvy to really clearly explain to our customers what that will do for in their building in terms of energy consumption, comfort, security, well-being of the occupants and so on. So I'm very excited about their technology and it's not futuristic it's here now. I think we just got to get through the commercial challenges that we’re facing. Number two, the market dynamics between the resi and the commercials are very different. The competitors are different, I feel good about our position, I feel good about the installed base we have. I think it's a business that can and should do more. Three, as I think we also have to remember that we created this Homes P&L from scratch, I mean think about this Scott, I mean we did more than 20 manufacturing transitions in a course of the year. If I didn't have that kind of hard deadlines that we’re going to get this done in a year that would probably taken three. So that team has been done a tremendous job in executing that kind of heavy lift and I think they performed pretty well given that kind of a distraction. So - now that that’s basically behind them, I’m going to modern it I’m continue to be optimistic about what we’re doing. I was with Vimal Kapur and his team earlier this week and they got their hand on the post, and I think that could be a very successful business for us.
Darius Adamczyk: No, it doesn’t work - is in fact in Intelligrated was a customer of Transnorm so we know the product it is IP protected. It is actually technology differentiated as a high aftermarket services component which I always look for in any business. It has a very enviable position in Europe and frankly I was looking for beachhead to land in Europe Intelligrated. We’ve been spending a lot of organic dollars what I call just part of their R&D and sales and commercial build-out to have a broader presence in Europe. Our U.S. customers' has been asking us to really have a broader presence in Europe and I frankly wanted to add a business that gives us a much broader foothold. On top of that, I really like the business. We were able to pick it up what I view is a very appealing price in this kind of a market environment that we're in. We’ve differentiated technology and IP protection. So, I think it's I’m thrilled and as you know Scott I really like the warehouse automation space.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, we continue to be bullish in Aero and as you look at our backlog position there's no reason not to be. But you know your initial point is right to which is our comps get a little bit tougher given the kind of growth rates that we seen. If you look at - a little more details of the numbers the two that really pop out at you especially here in Q3 is one is the growth in the business jet market. That's been - that hasn’t been a high-performer for quite awhile I mean and now it starting to really pop as lot of the new platforms are being introduced into the marketplace. And two the used equipment inventory is down, I mean it’s down substantial which is always a good time and a good sign in terms of new equipment sales. And defense and space, defense is continues to be very strong. We don't think that that's going to change as we head into 2019 potentially it could be a slight down arrow in terms of OEM momentum I don't really expect that to be the case, but that maybe the only place where I’m a little bit nervous. But all in all, I continue to be pretty bullish on the aerospace segment because all three of these tracks that we always kind of talk about which is the commercial, the business jet and defense are all kind of pointing either strongly up or up. So 2019 looks very promising based on what we’re seeing today.
Darius Adamczyk: And if I could just add, I think there's a lot of unknowns, right. I mean, you have List 3, which potentially that - that rate goes up at the end of the year and then you have a potential List 4, we have timing which isn't particularly clear. So, there's a lot of - there's a lot of unknowns here. We're working through all the norms and I feel very confident in the process that we're building in our - all of our businesses are all over this in terms of taking any and all levers they can. But still a lot of unknowns in terms of what's going to happen at the end of the year, what's on List 4, the level of List 4 and timing. So, we're prepared, we're ready to act and we're trying to mitigate the best we can.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think the Aerospace Group has been very good at a couple of things, especially last couple of years. Number one is, they're certainly continuing to drive productivity and becoming much more efficient. There's a high level of expertise in terms of what they can accomplish, and I think they're far from done. So, there's a further opportunity to do that. Number two is, they're much more installed base focus in terms of the upgrades, enhancements, software enhancements and so on, which obviously continue to build accretion to the margin rate. And overall I like how their team is executing. They had a great wins in lot of different platforms and the execution is strong and I particularly like the progress on the commercial side of the business. And connected aircraft continues to be a very big opportunity, which we realize longer term. And I pointed this out, we look for a 25 plus kind of a margin rate. We think that that's very possible in that business and we're going to continue to make much forward as Tim and the team continuing to make progress there.
Darius Adamczyk: It's a very good point. It's been a while but it's interesting how the global markets are evolving right now. And as I look into 2019 kind of an early take is, I think U.S. is going to be a very robust market again. Now, there's a lot of moving pieces in the geopolitical environment right now but right now it continues to look strong.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, I think I'm very encouraged and thrilled to see that kind of growth rate, GDP growth that we're seeing in the U.S. I think it's been terrific. But as you look at, overall if you look at the GDP growth in some of the high growth regions, over the long term they're still likely to be higher than the U.S. I mean obviously U.S. has increased its rate but so our high growth focus strategy I think is still spot on and needs to be. And we're going to stay committed to growing in high growth regions as well as the U.S. In terms of investment and profile and so on, I mean, I've always said all along that I believe in being local-for-local, meaning that I want to be able to serve North America from North America, I want to be able to serve China from China and Europe from Europe. To me that just makes perfect sense. I want to have people that have a mind set for their local markets both from R&D, manufacturing, sales, marketing, all these perspectives. And now as we kind of restructure and looked at our fixed cost base, that's exactly the model we're going to. We're pretty mature along the path already. But the short story is, to the extent I continue to see this kind of a growth in the U.S., we're obviously going to be continuing to invest in creating our capacity here in the U.S. to make sure we properly serve the market. And based on what we're seeing this year, we're going to be investing in 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think it can. Number one is, sort of the business profile and the timing of payments particularly for projects business, they are very favorable. Number two, they've done a terrific job in managing their working capital. It's a point of focus and emphasis. Three, and this is something we've done across our business, which is, we're really looking in standardizing some of terms and conditions. That's been frankly I would say it wasn't sort of cleanest structure that we had and now we're really standardizing and cleaning that up and it's generating benefits. And it's not just for us, yes. It's really true of all of our businesses. So, a lot of things moving in the right direction there, certainly for SPS, but all of our businesses as well.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I’ll start and maybe turnover, I think you nailed I mean from an HBT perspective when you have to do two spins and you have do this many transitions, there is some level of inefficiency particularly in the inventory situation because you were doing a lot of plant separations and so on. And as I stated before I think the team has done just an incredible job to get us ready. Aero they have done a great job on receivables, payables and so on but inventory is still an opportunity. I think we all know about some of the challenges that the aerospace supply chain is facing so there is probably further gains to be made there. But they've done really nice job. And then SPS has been tremendous across the board whether we talk about all three elements of working capital advances and so on. And then PMT really picking up the pace particular in receivables they got lot of pass-throughs that are now coming in and really nice momentum in building into Q4 and we think that there is even more upside there.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean Julian I think the highlight number for me for HPS is projects. We’re up 27% year-over-year in Q3, I mean that's - I think that number speaks for itself. So it's a very impressive number, it gives you an idea that that business continues to win in the marketplace. And I’m very bullish that’s couple on top of the short cycle growth, they are particularly in services and our software businesses, and overall it continues to do very well. So, there is not really much other than good news coming from the HPS world.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think in R&D I think it's - I would say it’s not necessarily a need to increase the R&D level but really to streamline and optimize debt investment around things that really matter. I think that there's frankly - there is a little bit of an opportunity around that area. And Vimal and team are making sure that we’re investing in the proper things and really on things that move the needle and not kind of the incrementalism which require a lot of investment that really don't generate great returns. I think it's certainly an area of opportunity but I think some of their really high performing businesses like fire which have continued to do very well it's not all bad news. And I think there are a lot of good things going on and the buildings part of the portfolio ready. But certainly like in any large business there is couple things we also need to improve. So I'm very confident that that team is going to get it done.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, and just to echo what Greg said. I think we all probably underestimated the amount of time effort and organizational focus it takes to do two spins at the same time particularly when you really are creating a new P&L called homes. So I am thrilled with the execution that the team is exhibited.
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you. Before I end I want to thank the Honeywell employees and leaders that will begin new careers at Garrett and Resideo for their contributions to the company. Both businesses are starting with strong foundation, a great heritage and I'm confident both will be very successful. We look forward to watching their accomplishment as new public companies. I have full confidence that the strong performance Honeywell will deliver for our shareowners in the first three quarters of 2018 will continue through the year-end. Our order rates are strong, our backlogs are growing and we're realizing the benefits of our continued efforts to drive software and connected growth, productivity, commercial excellence, and improve free cash flow. It is an exciting time to be at Honeywell, and we look forward to sharing more on our progress as we head into 2019. Have a wonderful weekend.
Greg Lewis: Jeff, in terms of the absolute dollars, I don't think we're going to highlight specifically those numbers directly. But the $0.31 represents, you could think about that as close to linear but not exactly because of the stub period that we got in homes, because we are getting only one month of the homes results in that $0.31. So, you could think about it as almost linear but not quite. I mean, that - we've got full fourth quarter high degree of profit that we're losing in December and November. The Resideo side is going to be a little bit less clear from that perspective. But it's - the $0.31 is close to linear but not exactly.
Greg Lewis: No, the $0.90 is just simply the lost segment profit, an after-tax basis and net of the reduction in our below-the-line expenses associated with the indemnity. As we talked about the $340 million of stranded costs, which we feel very good about our progress in terms of eliminating that so far, is not included in that number. And we'll update you more on that as we get into the January guidance and we finish the year out. You know, you can imagine that, as we said, we've taken out by the end of this year greater than 50% of that and we feel like we're in a good position, we're turning our attention from a spin perspective, from getting the deal done to the sustainability side. And we'll be a lot of focus on that but that is not in the $0.90 at this point in time. And in terms of the usage of the spin dividends, Darius talked about the capital deployment framework, and we'll utilize that as fire power for executing around that framework but it is not precisely included in any way in that $0.90.
Greg Lewis: Yes, no. Again, think about that as asbestos and indemnity for 2018 and the knock on effect of the 90% reduction on a year-over-year basis and those two particular line items. Obviously in the asbestos side, NARCO has nothing to do with that. So we have to take that out. But that's the way to think about it.
Greg Lewis: Yes, so that's when we gave the $0.40, again, that was a - call that a framework. But the actual value of what's going to be in the P&L may be higher or lower depending on how things go. And the $425 million known is reflective of where we see 2018 expense in those two categories.
Greg Lewis: Again, I think you should think about cash conversion next year as approaching a 100%, even expense. We feel like we're getting into that neighborhood this year. And with the continued opportunity that we do have in working capital, we made really nice stride as I highlighted, 0.6 of a churn improvement year-over-year. And this quarter in particular was sequentially better than last quarter by 2x to 3x as well. We feel like we still have more opportunity to go. So, we're still going to be targeting something plus or minus a couple of points to a 100%, as that number will move a little bit over time depending on specifics but we feel very good about our ability to live in that range.
Greg Lewis: Yes, to give you a specific they’re up 26% year-over-year. Our backlog is up 14% for long cycle and then just to give you a couple of the specifics, HPS projects up 27%, HBS projects up 22%. Intelligrated was actually flat but keep in mind they are up 40% year-to-date so this was tough comps. We’re not - trust me I’m not worried one bit about the growth in the Intelligrated businesses. So that’s why I’m pretty excited today I mean when I always worry about tomorrow and when I see those kinds of numbers come through, I have good reason for optimism. And I think it points to a very bright 2019 and beyond.
Greg Lewis: Let us check that one and make sure that one is obviously a little bit less precise given the Homes building split but we’ll come back to on that one particular.
Greg Lewis: Yes, so, in our last discussions we talked about the fact that what we're seeing in 2018 in terms of pressure was in the $10s of millions. And as you bring List 3 and List 4 into play and you layer that on over the entirety of 2019 that starts getting into more like triple digits, $100s of millions. And we still feel good about our ability to price in the market. And we've been successful and continue to take aggressive approaches in that regard. And then as it relates to changes in supply chain, we talked about the fact that we're local-for-local and that's been very helpful for us but we are making a few small moves. You're not going to see us make big overhauls to the supply chain but there are certain spots where strategically we are going to make a couple of changes in those flows. So, again, the challenge the hill gets steeper but the level of rigor and attention to this has been at a very high level for the last eight months and is going to continue as we go into 2019. The pressure comment is, as you know when you price in the market and you price cost up, so revenue goes up and margins go up by a commensurate amount. But that's just a pressure on your margin rate. So that's really what I was referring to there, not so much that we're not going to be able to cover the profit impact of the inflation itself, but it's just that inflationary environment with pricing turns into a margin expansion challenge on the upside.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I mean the short answer is, yes. I mean, we are getting ready. I'm not saying we now started pulling the trigger on all those actions but I think always the way we kind of think about things as we always have to assume the worst case situation and then be prepared. We haven't pulled all the levers for the 25% yet, but we're going to be ready and we're assuming that that will happen. Frankly we think that that probably is obviously increasing as more time goes by and we have to be ready. So I would say not all the levers have been pulled yet, but we’re certainly preparing them and feel very good about our ability to mitigate all and most of that impact.
Greg Lewis: Yes Aero is up so they had a good performance to, I think they just have a head start in terms of the disciplined aspects as Darius talked about with things like terms and so on. So, in many ways we’re actually modeling a lot of the aerospace processes and behaviors and what we’re trying to do elsewhere. So you should definitely not take that comment as Aero is not doing well they actually are growing their cash flow quite nicely also.
Greg Lewis: And just again back to the spin taking away the distraction of having to split the company in two fundamentally, that took the effort of the entire organization to go do and now having that done. They’re going to have a lot more time and attention to be able to drive some of that growth as Darius highlighted which we feel very good about the end market and our position there. So it should be good.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I mean you talked about the supply chain changes but we also - we had the clone ERP systems. This was definitely a heavy lift to go do so that team did a great job.
