Darius Adamczyk: Thanks, Greg. We accomplished a lot in 2018 and expect great things in 2019 as well. We delivered on all our commitments, successfully completed spin offs ahead of schedule and under budget, while still overdriving on the organic growth, margin expansion, earnings per share and free cash flow targets that we have established at the end of 2017. There is significant room for continued margin expansion on the path to our long-term target of 23%. This is aided by over $450 million of repositioned fund in 2018 and in prior years which will drive improvements to our cost structure, supply chain and gross margin in 2019 and beyond. Our balance sheet capacity is strong and this will provide another lever to drive outperformance in any macro environment. They are continuing their business transformation through several new initiatives, including Honeywell Digital, a unified software business in Honeywell Connected Enterprise and increased focus on our supply chain. We are excited about 2019 and expect another great year. With that, Mark, let’s move on to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, so first of all, we are very confident about our aero outlook for 2019. Our bookings have been strong, January has been strong. Yes, the comps do get tougher and there is still some short cycle. And I think as people saw in our outlook for Q1 and what I anticipate will be Q2, we have every bit of confidence that mid single-digit is hopefully the bottom, but the fact is we don’t know the second half of the year and that’s why the numbers are what they are and potential government shutdowns and budgetary challenges and trade licenses potentially becoming an issue. We hope that doesn’t happen, that just reflects sort of external risk. But overall, there is absolutely nothing that I am concerned about in terms of the bookings to growth rates to kind of growth we are seeing in that business and it’s pervasive across all three segments, whether they are transport, bga or defense and space. So I am very pleased and it’s not a place where I am going to be losing a lot of sleep in 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think it’s not so much that I am – we are capturing any conservatism in any of the businesses. I think what we have in our guidance going forward is the fact that more than 50% of our business is short cycle. And what’s different about this year than I think many years in the past is we have many more unknowns, whether it’s Brexit, whether it’s trade negotiations, specific China U.S. whether it’s Fed hikes in terms of what happens, whether it’s government shutdowns or just a lot of geopolitical unknowns more than usual. And for us, to express a level of confidence around all these unknowns around a little bit wider range than we anticipated, I think would probably indicate a level of knowledge that we currently don’t have. Now having said that and as you can see in our Q1 outlook, we are actually front-end loaded. And if anything, we are going to be at the upper half of our revenue growth range in the first half of the year. So actually, we provided that all things go as we think they will to deposit side, I think that hopefully we will be raising the bottom of that range as we move further through the year. But there is I don’t see really any growth issues of any of our businesses and we expect all of them to grow in 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. John, it’s any one thing, it’s probably all of those, I mean it starts with portfolio and we think that bases upon what we have done here. We have got more growth oriented and less cyclical portfolio that’s certainly part of it. Secondly, which is our tremendous focus on lastly product development and we are launching the whole new process called Z21 which basically is going to reduce our innovations cycle times in half, deploying more capital to R&D because my strong belief is that part of any growth story is got to be a strong innovation engine and that’s something that we are trying to create. Continued focus on high growth regions, I mean we are winning in places like China and India. And even though the back half of the year China was a little bit slower or we grew nearly double digit in China this year, so that continues to be our success story. Our focus on commercial excellence from our sales force is working where we are getting better productivity out of sales force, better performance. It’s never only one thing. We are working all those levers. And as you can see in the growth rate that we have demonstrated this is granted, the markets are pretty good, but certainly involve the self-help that we have administered over the last couple of years. There is now way we would be in that range both in 2018 and what we are projecting for 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. We have had a lot of focus on India. I mean to give you a perspective for India, our growth in India in Q4 was 27%, so that’s tremendous. We have a big footprint there not just from our business perspective, we have our engineering centers there over 10,000 people. So, we feel very comfortable of our presence there. The opportunities now to go after the mass mid-market segment and that’s actually one of our core initiatives for 2019 and beyond. It’s just not to play in the top tier, the mid tier, but actually having a greater level of participation in mid-market segment. So India is definitely one of the economies, which we think is going to be a great story for us in 2019 and beyond.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I would say large probably not, because I think that we are still very much focused on bolt-ons and not the mega deals. So, I would say that is and will continue to be our focus. We got a deal done in Q4, which was good. Now, Transnorm was a deal of size, the kind of size we like, it was about $0.5 billion to capital to want to do that. But to be honest, on my commentary, that the pipeline continues to be good and we are working on the deal that recently fell through just because although there has been a little bit of a correction in the market as we saw particularly in December that didn’t really change expectations of lots of sellers. So we continue to struggle valuations and the expectations, which there is a very pronounced shift up and it’s got to work in our financial model. So we continue to be very active. The pipeline is good, but I also want to tell you that we are realistic, because we are cautious buyers and we don’t like to overpay. So we have to be certain about what we are buying and make sure that generates the right level of returns for our shareowners.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, no. The answer to that is yes. And I would say, there are some pinch points on the supply chain emerging not just in aerospace, those are there and prevalent, particularly in areas like casting etcetera, but we see similar challenge in smart energy and even in some elements of electronic supply chain. So, the pinch points on the supply chain are real. They are there. We are working through those and hope to resolve those. Frankly speaking, our results could have been even better, had some of those pinch points not been there.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, just to add to that, Julian, like Greg said, I mean, majority of that business is actually short cycle. Intelligrated is about the only business that isn’t short cycle. So based on what we are seeing now and today and our guides for Q1, there is no warning signs for us here where we are positioned is just uncertainty, particularly on the second half of the year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. No, I like the greater stability. What we saw in Q4 a little bit was a bit of a pause on the order rates just around the volatility of oil, but kind of given the right direction movement, we are much more bullish. But despite that, I just want to quote you a couple of numbers from Q4 and why I am bullish on PMT for this year. First of all, our HPS quarter rates were up double-digit. Second of all, our UOP backlog is up 8%. So I am very optimistic around PMT performance for 2019 probably the one segment that was pretty soft was in our advanced materials business, the electronics chemicals, which electronics has been a bit weaker, some of the other companies in that segment announcing and we saw that in our electronics chemicals business. So that’s probably the only sort of minus that we saw in Q4, but overall, book to backlog, the order rates were good. And to be honest, especially in HPS, our global mega projects log and quote are really strong we even book a lot of those orders in Q4. And our orders growth was up double-digit in the quarter. So, I feel pretty good about the PMT for 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: We are not putting you in the middle anymore on the call. You wind up grump, Steve. No, the – so, the short answer is yes on Investor Day, we are going to – it’s obviously going to be a segment of that presentation. We are going to give you a lot more detail, but I just want to be very clear that the next phase of the transformation is not just the ISC transformation. That’s a very big part of it, but we kind of talked a little bit about this deck about kind of the three legs of the stool, which are ISC transformation, Honeywell Digital and Honeywell Connected Enterprises, that’s sort of the next phase of the evolution of Honeywell. And one of those three is a business and the next two are going to be – are going for at least the next 3 to 4 years. So this is going to give us a lot more tailwinds in terms of margins, cash generation, more efficiency working capital, simplifications, better planning, lower capital intensity a lot of benefits. So we are going to provide a lot more color on that at our Investor Day.
Darius Adamczyk: Because as we kind of get deeper and deeper into the 20s which we are very comfortable that we are going to do and you look at our framework that we present in 2017, I talked about 30 to 50 basis point expansion as you see from our performance as well as our guide, and the top end of the range, it’s even greater than that number these are the kinds of things that enable us to kind of keep growing that margin machine is self-help and these internal initiatives and the good news is, we’ve got plenty of opportunities, because we’ve got a lot of work to do on the supply chain and Honeywell Digital so I view all of that as not bad news, but really a tremendous opportunity to continue to drive margins.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, the short answer is absolutely, because not only, because of the continued strength of activity in North America, which is continues to be robust but now, the Transnorm and our enhanced capability in Europe both from the beachhead that we’ve established by acquiring Transnorm, but also because if you recall, we put a lot of investments back in the ‘17 and ‘18 timeframe for R&D capability, we have a metrics-based offering that’s complete now so we’re very capable bidding on warehouses, etcetera. so we continue to expect another very robust year in our Intelligrated business.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think it’s, just natural reaction, when you see that kind of volatility like we saw in Q4 that causes people to pause but we’re actually seeing a very positive movement here in Q1 so I think that some of those decisions will get made, and we feel confident that when they do get made we are going to have some positive outcomes for us and even and I was encouraged by our bookings in Q4, because despite not having booked some of those GNP jobs, we still had a very robust orders growth.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. So maybe let me just maybe explain that when we say centralized, that mean sort of the platform, the IT stack that we call Sentience that’s what centralized, that all of our connected enterprises use but then the actual analytics to solutions that are provided, those are very much vertically oriented and the way we approach this is essentially each of those businesses, end customer-focused business, so whether it’s connected aircraft, connected plant, connected buildings, we developed and the MV0, MV1 which was called single pane of glass, which has a lot of value drivers solutions for end customers and we typically partner with a few key anchor customers to help us iterate and drive an optimize the solution so we’re very close to the end customers as a matter of fact, we develop a lot of these solutions with the end customers but we also don’t want to drive customization, but rather standardization so don’t think about this as something that’s sits in corporate a kind of a central level is insular and doesn’t work with end customers, that’s not the case what we want to do is have end customer intimacy, while driving leverage to the IT stack called Sentience that’s really the core of the spread.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, that’s a very good point, because what the gist was yes, the way this was organized before it still has sort of core reporting into the SPG Presidents in Que but we gave just a lot more authority and control to Que just because when you’re running a $10 billion or $12 billion business, and you have something that’s a fraction of that, it requires a lot of time, attention strategy changes, agility, it’s tough to manage that.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, the short answer Scott is now, we are ready as a matter of fact, we are quoting globally and as excited as we are about the North American market, we anticipate being securing some jobs both in Asia this year as well as Europe and we’re ready, we’ve invested from an R&D perspective the Transnorm acquisition is going to further help, but you should expect us to get some more momentum here on a global level in 2019 and a lot of those solutions are finished.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, it’s been as I mentioned, it’s our China business has been up nearly double-digit just shy of that for the year so another solid growth here, a bit of a slowing in, I would say in Q4, but there are some very clear reasons, and we understood that slowing so that we kind of take it segment by segment if we think about SPS, it was terrific it was up double-digit growth in China, no slowing, actually if anything, things are accelerating in PMT, we had some tough comps, we understood that and expected that we had some big, both orders and revenue growth so we expected that nothing unusual.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, exactly. So nothing out of the world of expectation for HBT, as you know, we’ve had some challenges with the air and water segment and frankly some of our distributor partners got a little bit ahead of themselves, given the robust growth that we saw in 2017 and that’s been a bit of a challenge for us all year but we expect that to grow again in 2019 so we think that’s going to be behind us and then with Aero, we had some take collections challenges, which actually limited our shipments, because our backlog was actually better than the revenues would indicate so all in all, we’re not building in a tremendous year in China, not kind of the usual Honeywell strong double-digit growth in China, where we think it’s going to a little bit slow but all of that is reflected in our guide, and we expect to grow in China in 2019 for certain how much that’s going to be? Well, we will see all-in-all, I feel pretty good about how the businesses are positioned.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think that’s a $1 million, it’s a bit of $1 million question Andrew, I think a lot of that depends, and we might know better answer in next 30 days, right? I mean, I think we’re watching carefully what happens on the geopolitical sphere, and with the broader economy because as I said, we’re very prepared from a tariff perspective, because that’s something we can identify and should be able to do something about what we don’t know and where we have some questions, which is whether it’s going to be the overall economic impact both on the economies of China, the U.S. etcetera. that’s I think, at this juncture, it’s worth being a month into the year that’s tough to call, and we’ll see what happens.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, yes, there is some cyclicality, there is also some stability I mean, we have our Spectra business there, which is doing quite well, our Aclar business, which is acyclical, our Electronic Materials business, which is more cyclical, so it’s a bit of a mixed bag. Probably we’re given some of the challenges in the Electronics segment probably on the lower end of the curve than we are, but I think like anything, I mean we’re we like a lot of those businesses, they perform for us, but as always, we’re and as we pointed out during our speaker notes today, we’re always assessing everything I think some of the big things, that we wanted to do that we didn’t think that fit our portfolio within 2018 but everything is always under assessment, we’ve never done, and we always want to kind of add and also subtract potentially so I don’t there is no specific update to the to the SP business, but like I said, we’re always assessing and we’re going to do what’s we’ll make adjustments as they fit our portfolio.
Darius Adamczyk: It’s a mixed bag. I mean, there is really a variety of different businesses, and that’s why it’s kind of tough to talk about, sort of any given one trend, because you have electronic materials, you have some Defense spend, and you have healthcare in there, you have consumer goods so, I mean you have a entire variety of end markets that there’s exposure in speciality products so it’s tough to say what that total blend ends up to but yes, there’s sort of eclectic mix of various end markets.
Darius Adamczyk: Okay. I mean, if you look at our HPS business, which is probably the best indication of kind of the commercial activity up double-digit bookings in Q4, so actually very, very strong that’s good we also want to make sure we captured a service, that’s the opportunity that business is stabilizing I think Vimal and the team have put the business on the right path, we’re seeing good signs and sort of the secret to the growth there is revitalization of the NPD pipeline and I see a lot of good things in the various segments, whether it’s building products, whether it’s fire, whether it’s our BMS systems so we actually expect a pretty good year and if you take HPS as a leading indicator, that’s also been a pretty good sign in Q4 so we’re little bit cautious in the outlook, but given the stability that we have now, and it should be a nice story for us recovery story first in 2019.
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you. Our end markets continue to be strong, and we’ve got simpler, more focused portfolio, following completion of the spins. We continue to execute well, as evidence by our sales, margin and cash performance, and we have a significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. We have a strong performance culture. Our say will continue equal our do. And we are focused on continuing to outperform for our customers, our shareowners, and our employees. I continue to be encouraged by what I see in each of our businesses and our people. I’m excited for what I know will be a strong 2019. Thank you for listening.
Greg Lewis: Yes. John, Europe continued to be strong. In the fourth quarter, our European businesses were up 6% which capped off of 4% organic growth for the year. So I still think we are seeing good strong growth there and it’s a pretty broad based, to be honest SPS probably the strongest of the bunch, but each of the businesses is growing in the mid single-digits or higher in Europe at this stage. And as we look forward we expect that’s probably going to be still low mid single-digits – low to mid single-digits. But as Darius mentioned clearly they are concerns out there, I mean Brexit in particular will have some sort of an answer in the next 60 days is what occurs with that and we have got a meaningful size business in the UK. So definitely back to the concern aspects of macro signals, Europe is an area where we are waiting to see what’s going to happen with Brexit in particular and what impacts that may have on us.
Greg Lewis: Well, again I would tell you that each of the businesses is performing well. So it’s not like one is I mean SPS being the strongest of the bunch, but each of them is up mid single-digits for the year. So it’s the strength across our entire portfolio.
Greg Lewis: Yes. Thanks, Julian. I think it’s a little bit of both. I mean, obviously, we continue to be very excited about Intelligrated and the double-digit growth rates that we achieved this year and with a very strong backlog expect that to continue to be strong. We did – our retail business though not large grew over 20% in 2018. So that’s probably going to dampen a bit with some of those comps. We still feel very positive about productivity products and sensing and IoT with the new product introductions that they have, but those and the industrial safety businesses, they are short cycle. And when those things change they can change quickly. And so I think that’s where we are trying to be a bit cautious, because we have seen it, we have seen it happen before in terms of the speed at which the short cycle can turn on us. And so it’s not a matter of having seen it so far and being concerned about anything with our business specifically, but I would just call it a bit more caution with the environment we are in.
Greg Lewis: So Steve, I mean, oftentimes, we get asked about how long of a runway do we have for margin expansion. And to me, this is continuing to fill the portfolio of things that keeps that runway alive and well. And so that’s kind of the way I am thinking about all of these things are going to continue to contribute to our ability to drive that margin expansion well beyond 2019.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I would expect Aero and HBT to probably lead the pack in terms of the rate of expansion in ’19 but each of the segments will have a very respectable margin expansion profile but clearly with the rate of growth that we’re seeing in Aero and leveraging the fixed costs that we have there, that’s probably got a pretty sizable opportunity and again HBT, with a return to growth and some new products, we see that is also having a fair amount of opportunity but each of the businesses, I think will expand margins in a meaningful way in ‘19.
Greg Lewis: And maybe if I could just add to that with the leadership from Que, she is applying that customer go-to-market approach across all of those connected enterprises, such that, each one of them individually isn’t having to develop those muscles and skill sets independent and while these businesses are still embedded inside of the for four SPGs those four SPG Presidents wouldn’t possibly be able to give it the amount of time and attention. That Que will be able to do as the President of HCE so centralized really means focus much more so than corporate.
Greg Lewis: Well, I would tell you, so as you mentioned, our Defense business has been growing mid-teens all four quarters of 2018, and as we look out for the next six months, the backlog growth there is also very strong it’s strong double digits over 20% in Defense and Space so for the next 6 months, as you mentioned, I think, our visibility is very good to continued strength in that area.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So we have taken actions that we will have eliminated about half of those costs already as we exited 2018 and as you saw in the fourth quarter with the corporate number of being flat to slightly up, that reflects the first quarter of not having the ability to allocate about $45 million or $50 million to those two spin businesses that are now gone so that’s a little bit of why you saw maybe a heavier number than you might have expected but we expect that to come down over the course of the year from the first to the fourth quarter, and we will exit the fourth quarter at a run rate by which all of those costs will be gone so that’s you should expect to see a bit of a stair-step down and again, keep in mind, that two-thirds is in our net corporate costs, about a third of that was sitting in HPT, so you’re not going to see a $300 million number per se but it’s reflective of a step down as we go through the year.
