Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone. Today, we reported another quarter of strong performance in each of our businesses either meeting or exceeding the sales guidance we provided in April. Organic sales growth exceeded the high end of our guidance range at over 3% and good results in all four business segments. Our performance in the aerospace after market continued and our U.S. defense business improved as we anticipated. In advance materials, when performance materials and technologies recorded another quarter of double-digit revenue growth driven by the continued adoption of our Solstice line of low global warming products. And in the Home and Building technologies, we exhibited strong revenue growth at approximately 4% organic. We also expanded margins by 50 basis points this quarter driven by commercial excellence and productivity leading to earnings per share that came in at the high end of our guidance range of $1.80 and up 10% from 2016 on a basis consistent of our guidance. Our second quarter tax rate was lower than initially anticipated and this enabled us to invest more than $115 million in restructuring and other projects that’s $90 million higher than we contemplated in the guidance. These projects start delivering cost savings for us later this year and ultimately result more than $150 million in run rate savings. Excluding this additional $90 million of restructuring funding in 2016 earnings from last year’s divestitures on a normalized for tax basis, earnings per share grew 10% year-over-year. I’m pleased of our continued performance especially organic sales growth momentum, which is a testament to the growth investments we made new technologies, platforms, production capacity and M&A. We are raising our full year sales guidance to a new range of $39.3 billion to $40 billion up 2% to 4% organic and again raising the loan of our earnings guidance today. 2017 earnings per share is now expected to be between $7 and $7.10. Tom will take you through the details shortly. Each of our businesses made significant progress in our key initiatives this quarter, and I’d like to provide some brief highlights. Let’s turn to Slide 3. In aerospace, our suite of connected aircraft offering continues to gain traction. We announced that GoDirect connected maintenance, which combines our connectivity, in depth product knowledge, and data analytics to predict when mechanic parts need to be fixed or replaced will be used on the auxiliary volumes [ph] of 60 of Cathay's Airbus A330 aircraft. The agreement was a result of a successful trial, which saved Cathay Pacific several hundred thousand dollars in operational and reactive maintenance cost per aircraft and reduced APU related delays by 51%.  In Home and Building technologies, we launched the Lyric C1 Wi-Fi security camera, the latest in our growing line of do-it-yourself offerings that can help make them smarter and serve our faster growing segment of the market. The C1 can be setup easily using a Lyric app on your mobile device and it offers intelligent sound and motion detection. Since its launch last month, the C1 camera has already generated more than 1 million in sales and more than 80% of reviewers are recommending it. We are in exciting pipeline of other new products in Home and Building technologies, that will roll out over the latter half of the year. In performance materials and technologies, we announced the agreement to acquire Nextnine, a leading provider of CyberSecurity solutions for industrial sites. Nextnine has an impressive installed base of more than 6,000 sites around the world and is especially strong in the oil and gas, utility, chemical and mining manufacturing sectors. We are exciting about the combination of Nextnine of growing CyberSecurity business with Honeywell process solutions. Nextnine broadens our offerings for an installed base while complementing our broader offerings in connected plant.  Lastly, in safety and productivity solutions, we introduced connected freight which was developed with Intel and third party Logistic companies. Connected freight can help shippers and logistic companies monitor a high value in perishable goods to prevent damage and loss.  Sensor tags are fixed too pallets [ph] or packages and they send real-time information about the location and condition of critical freight while in transit. Our connected offerings continue to gain traction and feedback from our customers have been extremely positive. Our evolution as a software industrial leader is well underway and I'm encouraged by our progress.  With that, I'll turn over to Tom to discuss our financial results in more detail. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, I think, clearly we are investing both in R&D [ph] and really reallocating our salesforce as well, because frankly, we’ve had some places where fundamentally we under invest and I think as a matter of fact I would say in our developed markets we under invest in terms of sales force and in HGR although we've had very aggressive investments, we also want to make sure that those investments are paying off and they are, because by the way as I look at what happened in HBT in Q2, part of the issue here is the mix and just to give you a couple of facts, our China, EVNS business was up 45% in Q2 and that’s a little bit part of our margin mix challenge that we had here in the quarter, but overall continue to be very bullish. The other thing is that we are working on this what I call kind of second tier value offerings for ENS and HSF as well as investing in our DIY platforms that’s how characterize most of investments.
Darius Adamczyk: I mean think you know obviously [indiscernible]. I think that some of it is a mix and some of it’s we got to do a little bit better on couple of elements. You know the two places I found too is I think we have an opportunity to drive material products really. I have higher expectations there and the second one is around prices and commercial excellence, because I think frankly some of those areas that we haven’t done as well as we could have. Having said that, I think overall, it’s a pretty positive story, because as you look at our markets, we grew faster than our markets particularly on the residential side. So all-in-all, yeah, I’m slightly disappointing by the margin rate but we have some actions that Terence and his team are working and I don’t want to also forget about our 4% top line growth with tremendous growth in China just well north of 20% for HBT. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, Steve I'll just point out that, we've had some headwinds both in the first half on cash [indiscernible] well north of $300 million and then we got some more coming in the second half. So that's why I think -- but by the way, that's how we selected on our outlook for the year, and that's why it may seem like we're being a little conservative, but we've got some real headwinds. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think as any kind of high growth age geography its slightly diluted to the overall average. And obviously when you blend it in at a 45% growth, it has an impact.  In terms of margins, we think we're with those pretty aggressively appearances all over this both on the productivity side as well as the commercial excellence as we have some opportunity with some new products coming. So, I expect some level of recovery and we are going to grow margins in that business this year. We're probably a little bit aggressive initially and that's why we had some puts and takes in the overall Honeywell portfolio. That happened to be one of the takes. But we expect growth there, the margin growth for 2017 and further enhancements for 2018. And I can also tell you that, a good portion of the structuring funds that we allocated in Q2 went to HPC. 
Darius Adamczyk: The answer to your question is no, this was not there at the time of the deal, the pipeline is grown substantially and certainly there is an inherent Honeywell benefit, I mean frankly the Honeywell brand is really well known throughout of the industrial and logistics world and its benefited from the current relationships that we've had and as you recall the premise behind this business going into SPS is our scanning and mobility business its strongest vertical is transportation logistics. So, there is a lot of benefit in terms of cross selling and leveraging that sales force to generate leads for Intelligrated, so we're certainly seeing the benefits from that and that pipeline Intelligrated is extraordinarily robust. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, the new factory, the Apollo factory that Tom referred to, it's not fully utilized yet, that just came online, it started up in May. So, I think about 50% like utilization which is kind of normal at this stage because it's still ramping up. There is more leverage there to come and we’re going to be shifting our supply a bit from an externally sourced and so on to more internally produced obviously that’s been accretive which is good news. So, the short story here is that there is more leverage to comment. As you saw Jeff really, really nice story in TMT, I mean it’s both in terms of orders, leverage under revenue and Solstice continues to deliver. And strong backlog too, I mean we had a nice backlog, we had in the second half of the year in all the businesses.
Darius Adamczyk: Joe, I would like to just add, I think the mix is such that we kind of know the visibility on [Indiscernible] we know what that looks like and so when we are actually getting much more into the shorter cycle business for aftermarket especially on the VGA side. So frankly we don’t have as much visibility as we normally in aerospace, because that’s what we are counting and as Tom pointed out we want to kind of see that rate of aftermarket activity both on the ATR and DJ side maintain, let the guidance be where it is. 
Darius Adamczyk: Sure. I mean it's a couple of points. The first one is, we definitely are seeing the benefits of restructuring come through. And that's certainly there. I think might be your questions talk more on HPC and yeah, it is a competitive environment. However, we also have a very strong competitive context position there. And we're seeing that in our growth rates in particularly in high growth regions but also in the end.  So, part of its mixed, but part of it is we got an opportunity to do a little bit better, like I said on a mature productivity side, commercial excellence and so on as well as some new product launches that we're doing and kind of offering having the Honeywell premiums here as well as the values here, as well as expansion DIY. So, there is some now help things that we're embarking upon and were started in Q2 and I expect to see some benefit of that towards the end of this year and even more so next year. So yeah, it's a competitive environment, but given our brand, product positioning, overall value to customers, I'm bullish and how we're going to perform here. 
Darius Adamczyk: If I could just add even more color because we're very pleased with what we're seeing there, if you think about backlog for all of the PMT up double digit, think about order rates for PMT for Q2 up north of 20%. And the best part Q3 outlook, high single digit outlook for order rate. So, we’re really, really pleased how that business is performing and this is going to get maintain and that time momentum is out there for us.
Darius Adamczyk: All right I would say that the pipeline is very active and probably has three to five things we're looking at very, very seriously. But, we're going to continue to be cautious buyers and I think part of it is just the discipline around purchase price, there is certainly things out there that we're very interested in but sales have to come at the right price. So hopefully, I cannot guarantee what will happen, but hopefully will have some additions to the portfolio in the second half, we certainly have some interesting properties that we’re closely examining. But it also has to happen at the right price, so we will see what happens and we're not -- I think the tax environment regime, I think there is more uncertainty in that now than may be even before, so I can't let that sort of rule the business and I'm not going to hold that up, I've indicated before we have a slight reference for overseas M&A, versus domestic, but certainly we'll look at anything. So, we'll see what happens.  And then in terms of share buyback as I indicated depending upon what happens on the M&A front and we’re going to be looking to add as a lever as well. But I'm not sure we really exhaust those possibilities first and I'm still hoping we will have a little more clarity on the tax front, maybe even before the end of this quarter. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think the one thing that’s important as you think about SPS, I think it's important to put in context where the issue is, the issue is in one business and one segment of the business called mobility and it’s even more regional than that which is called North America. As I pointed out, the issue on the last call which is you know sort of our array of products in the Android, at the Android operating system, frankly we’re not, where we need to be in terms of our range and offering. We did launch a good product in Q2 which will help I don’t think it’s the full solution. The team has very robust launch plans, but frankly those won’t happen until about Q4 of this year. So, we’re expecting some improvement in the second half but really full improvement will really happen in 2018 as all those products come to the market. Although, I will say, we are encouraged by the product launch that they did in May, we don’t really have a lot of that revenue yet generated from those offerings.
Darius Adamczyk: China is still very attractive and very profitable. The product segments that happen to do especially in HPT this quarter was sort of a mix which is -- we mentioned slightly delimited with the overall HPT rate. But overall, we are very, very pleased with the China profitability and overall on a Honeywell basis, it compares to our overall margins and where we are seeing the kind of growth we are seeing, that’s a great thing for us and we are very bullish there and I think, if I could point to a market that I was extraordinarily pleased with in Q2, that would be it, our China growth was spectacular. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah obviously it's very important for the Chinese economy to do pretty well until that November timeframe. But overall, we continue to be bullish on China. I think whether this pace is maintained or something slightly lower than that, I don't think that changes our calculus as it relates to China because we expect growth there to be both five times what it is in some of our DM markets. And we're showing those kinds of numbers.  And by the way, as Tom talked double digits, its not10%, I think as a number that's well 2X times that number. So, we have the right momentum, we have the right presence, we're very comfortable with our strategies in terms of what we're doing [indiscernible]. and I still think it's maybe early innings for us in terms of building out our China business and actually using it more as a hub for a lot of the other economies. So, I continue to be optimistic whether it's going to get better or slightly worse. The business changed our investment profile and our bullishness overall on the market. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. Have to about automotive. Again, automotive grew, that business grew for us this past quarter. It was bit of an interesting mix, diesel was down and was down high single digits, but more than offset by growth in gasoline, growth in commercial vehicles and high growth regions really, really pick off. I talked about China again, but again a great story, you talk about double digit growth in China. We grew over 40% there, in Q2. So, a really nice growth rate and we're really well positioned globally, so even though some of our markets in U.S. and Europe were down slightly they were more than offset by our presence and our growth in HGR, so really nice positioning of that business and we continue to be very, very bullish on its outlook. Even a country like Brazil grew well double digit, so nice story. 
Darius Adamczyk: We certainly like the space, if there is the right acquisition there, we have we certainly look at it, it's an interesting market for us, we do have a strong presence between our scanning and mobility business, between Intelligrated, even our industrial safety and safety gears as that we sell into that market although together and create a very coherent and valuable proposition for our customers. But certainly, look at some other segments, there is something of interest there, so we will see what happens. 
Darius Adamczyk: There is a lot of directional movement, one-minute U.S. inventory was down and you know today not such good news there is talk about Saudi holding back production, every day there seems to be sort of a different data point which has an impact on oil prices. But you know the punch line for us is that, something north of 40 and if we get some stability like we've had then things are fine, if price of oil drops below 40 and stays there for a bit that would concern me. You know we’ll see what happens, there’s is a lot of moving pieces between continued expansion of the U.S. shale production, between what OPAC is going to do with, what’s Libya and Nigeria, what are they producing, what’s Iran going to do. So, there is a lot of moving pieces here, it’s hard to say for exactly what decisions are going to be made. I think this next OPAC is going to be very, very important one, in which case we can set some directionality.  But overall as of right now and as you can see from our order rates for both HPS and UOP, the market is good and the activity is very good, very good second quarter and we are bullish on the third quarter as well. 
Darius Adamczyk: I just want to make sure everybody is on holiday. We are still targeting what I said was late summer, early fall, we are very much tracking to that and that’s what I anticipate to have some further clarity here on the portfolio.
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you. The second quarter was another strong one for us with strong organic growth, margin expansion and continued free cash flow momentum which is up nearly 40% on a year-over-year basis. And we're able to undertake some sizable restructuring projects that will benefit our future performance. It was not a perfect quarter and we have several opportunities that are well within our control to improve. There is a lot more upside for Honeywell and we'll continue our focus on improving organic growth, maintaining our productivity vigor, becoming a best-in-class software industrial company and aggressively deploying capital. We also remain committed to investing in our future and we're looking forward to sharing more great results in October. On behalf of the entire Honeywell team we wish you a pleasant and relaxing summer. 
Tom Szlosek: No, I think we're fine on cash. When you draw the market at the end of the first half overall conversion is right aligned with where we were last year. But in the second half some of the initiatives that we've got going are going to drive that strong performance. Frankly, I think, we should do better than overall 5% to 7% and to your point on the first half growth. But we've got a little bit of a track record of not necessarily being entirely accurate on our cash forecast and so we want to be sufficiently conservative as we head into the second half, big effort for us.
Tom Szlosek: So just for 2017, Nigel it will be more or less about three quarters are more locked in on FX rates and as you know our hedging program is intended when you consider all the aspects of it, the net result is to hedge the operating income and not necessarily the topline, definitely not the topline. So, our top line will definitely flow as the FX flows and so, if you see the euro strengthening as you have over the last few weeks, our topline should improve. However, our margin rates, our margin dollars are more or less locked in from also the major currencies as for the year given the hedging that we did at the beginning of the year. So, if you start to see a strengthening or weakening second half that’s not going to have a material impact on our margin rates themselves given that we've had to lock the rates in. So, 2018 we're taking a similar approach, we don’t necessarily disclose all the positions but we're keeping a strong eye on the currencies where we have major exposures euro of being a big one and taking risk off the table as we see the opportunities arise. 
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, it’s about I say 50 basis points margin impact year-over-year and as you know that the 2000 overall incentives for the year are going to be probably 40 to 60 basis points down on most of that coming in second half and most of that being in the third quarter. So, this is where you will see the biggest impact and that’s why those aerospace margin rates for the third quarter will be so robust. I mean they’re already robust without the incentives. I mean but up to 300 plus of improvement is pretty strong. I think the other [indiscernible].
Tom Szlosek: Yeah, I think we want to build up some momentum here, we had a strong commercial aftermarket 5% in the second quarter and we kind of want to see that momentum continued. I mean that, that we sort of factored in low single digits for third quarter, I think the defense in space we got a comparable quarter-over-quarter. The incentives do come through and if they do -- I mean that they will come through, if the aftermarket comes through like it did in the second quarter we should be definitely at the high end of that 2% organic if not pushing higher.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, it's really strong. When you look at both HPS as well as UOP, I mean they are both north of 10% -- I'm sorry, in total they're north of 10%, UOP is pushing 20%, HPS as I said strong momentum. And we think that’s going to continue. When you look at the character what's in UOP, its particularly encouraging because you see it across all of their product lines which means that it's not just an aftermarket where getting catalyst sales, but we're getting the full gamut of things. The engineering, the new projects, the equipment. And that means that there is more investing going on than we had seen over the course of last year. So, the good prospects and good character comprehensive character backlog across the UOP businesses.  And HPS, same thing. I mean even more skewed towards the higher profit service side for HPS. I mean that’s pushing 10% up, and then one reason the HPS backlog isn't where UOP one is, in terms of double digits is that we've been carrying and we've been very successful in some of these megaprojects in HPS. And as you execute those and they came out of the backlog obviously you see the impact. Those projects carry a lot of third-party content however. They're not necessarily the most profitable. But they do an installed base and we find them overall to be very attractive long-term. So, when I look at HPS backlog even though it's mid-single digits growth, the character of it from a profitability perspective is quite different than that you would thought a year ago, or you would have seen it a year ago. 
Tom Szlosek: No, I mean, when you look to go back 18 months or couple of years, you're seeing heavy double-digit declines on the DGA OE, remember in the fourth quarter we're --second half we’re down over 30% on the OE side. Those declines have moderated, was mid-single digit decline in the second quarter for the BGA OE business and we kind to expected to moderate around that. I mean the orders can be a little bit lumpy and the timing doesn’t necessary correlate to what our customers would report for their shipments. But I'm not going to say we've seen the bottom but the rates have declined are significantly less than what they were a year ago. 
Tom Szlosek: And Andy just to add for a little bit of dollar on that, you remember Gary has said at the Investor Day that from a capital allocation perspective, U.S. we would look to deploy $5 billion this year, between dividends, share buybacks, and M&A. The dividend is more or less understood to be about 2 out of that 5, that means $3 billion between share buybacks and M&A. So far, we done about $1 billion of share buyback and so we’ve got a couple of billion less and Gary says we are going to watch that. So, that’s the $5 billion in the U.S. outside the U.S. and as we said at a time there is close to $10 billion of capacity is ready to be put to use immediately, let alone excluding even the leveraging capability. So, I think we are on track on both fronts but I don’t think there is an impending rush of deal that you are going to see after we get off this call. So, we’ll keep you guys in the loop.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah just to accentuate that a little bit, the GDP -- whatever the right GDP is for China say its 7%, I mean every one of our business was well north of that. Aerospace is doing fantastic on the [indiscernible] side, TS has got new launches taking advantage of the quality opportunity with their HPT and a lot of new products particularly air and water up double digit, safety and productivity up double digit, and PMT up double digit, I mean you'll see HPS in fact all of them were just outstanding in China. We get more momentum there, and we leverage the capacity and we have from a production perspective the profitability continues to grow. And it's already very healthy. 
Tom Szlosek: The other thing I would add to that, Julian is the -- some of this is just timing related as we complete platforms or our customer are OE customers, discontinued platforms that we're on, that can have a short-term impact on rates and we've seen a couple of platforms that come to completion in the second quarter but as you know our win rates, our new platforms for the business has been in an all-time high, I mean we think we're pushing 50% of the win rate on new platform. So that will start to come through as well, so I wouldn’t read into the 1% as indication of any challenge, we're in pretty good shape on transportation. 
Tom Szlosek: I think the warehouse automation space is going to be really nice one for us to continue to invest. And you got the building blocks but there are lot of both agencies geographically as well as software wise that really, we can enhance the model with. So, we're excited by what we're seeing. 
Tom Szlosek: I think those portfolios have proven to be fairly resistant to massive movement in the oil prices. And what I mean by that is, if you look at what the nature of where we participate, I mean we are in the midstream and downstream, all of exclusively in the downstream for UOP so refining and petrochemicals. I mean those are areas that stood up very well, in the when oil was down at all-time low. HPS a little bit more midstream, but still I think the positioning of our portfolio makes them fairly resistant, I mean not immune, not trying to put that out there, but [indiscernible].
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I mean I would see that where the markets comeback this year, it’s unquestionable, but I don’t think it’s come back in a big kind of fashion, I would say the HPS and UOP teams are just doing very, very well in terms of their performance. I mean the kind of booking rates that they’re getting and we’re seeing, I haven’t seen for anybody else, so I am very pleased with how they're performing but I definitely think that provided the oil price stay stable or maybe upticks there could be a bit more tailwinds here to come. So, I’m optimistic and the pipeline that we have in terms of our [indiscernible] makes me optimistic. Now that could change, but right now, I’m fairly bullish on the market.
Tom Szlosek: Yeah. I'm not really sure yet, because we haven't seen some of those planes, yet we're allowed by Boeing. Boeing is a very well respected within the Honeywell as a customer, partner of Boeing, a number of things, they're great customer and we're going to do whatever we need to do to support them as a customer. In terms of exactly what's going to happen and how they're going to be going after their services business I think that's yet to be find out. So, to me there isn’t that clear whether it's an opportunity or a threat. I will tell you that our connected aircraft which I think is something about [ph] to Boeing and a lot of the other OEMs. It's something that's picking up pace very, very quickly. I talked about the connected ATU in my opening and that's giving tremendous traction of customers. And by the way that's only the beginning in terms of our offerings for connected aircraft. We have many, many more coming. So, I think that that's complementary towards Boeing -- and some of the OEMs. So overall, I'm very positive on our continued strong relationship with Boeing going forward. 
