Elena Doom: Thank you, Stephanie, and good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. We want you to note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. So this morning, we're going to review our financial results for the second quarter of 2012, as well as share with you our guidance for the remainder of the year. And, of course, we'll allow time for your questions at the end. So with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Maybe just the build on that, the book-to-bill ratio at the end of the second quarter was 1.6, so record backlog at UOP of $2.1 million.
Elena Doom: If I could add, for PMT, I think we did see some favorable mix in UOP driven by some record-level licensing and stronger petrochemical catalyst sales in the quarter, which contributed nicely to the margin upside.
Elena Doom: Yes. We had about $20 million, Scott, in the quarter of higher R&D spend. And that's a level -- starting to level off given what we've seen in previous quarters.
Elena Doom: And actually, I think we have some upside relative to our full year guided range for Aerospace margin.
Elena Doom: All right. Thank you again for your participation in today's call, and I'd like to just turn it over to Dave Cote for his closing remarks.
David M. Cote: I would say it's been pretty consistent, Shannon, in terms of the rate of change there. In Turbo, we saw what I call, Dave, was a fairly just steady erosion of the order rates but in line really with what we expected. So Shannon, I would say really, it's kind of played out as we expected, as we talked to you at the end of the first quarter.
David M. Cote: No, not yet. But we certainly don't want to preclude the possibility that it could happen, so we just wanted to factor that into our thinking. But we haven't seen it yet.
David M. Cote: The new stuff that they've been developing helps also. I mean, you've heard Andreas talk about some of the wins that we've been able to have. I mean, the new technologies are making a big difference here.
David M. Cote: I'd point to 2 things. One is we're doing the stuff that we always did, and a lot of that seed planting finally does come to roost at some point, whether it's the restructuring work that you've done, the new higher margin products that we've invested in. I mean, that all works. But the second thing is, I would say having the -- putting in the growth plan the way we did and making margin rate one of the components of it, that certainly helped to get everybody's attention and focus even more on a lot of that, again making sure that we got the results of all that seed planting that we did. And of course, the important thing to do is make sure that we're still investing for the future, doing that seed planting that's going to make sure that we make not just this year, but next year, the year after, et cetera. So I think all of that together helped to really just kind of take it up a notch.
David M. Cote: But I would say in terms of the fundamental changes, Jeff, I think the things I was referencing are the overall drivers and why you can continue to expect it.
David M. Cote: Well, for us, China for us, as you know, has been a focal point for 10 years. And we -- I think we started off from a weaker position, as you know, but we've been accelerating rapidly. And we've got about 12,000 people there now, with the opportunity for it to just continue growing. Starting with the macroeconomic side, yes, they are going through some difficulties now. But at the end of the day, GDP is still growing pretty well and we're able to, given our low shares, I think, continue to just grow very well. And you saw it in the first quarter, second quarter, we expect that'll continue. I'm one of the guys who believes that China is going to continue to make the right decisions. They'll have their ups and downs, of course. They're kind of going through their down now. But overall, we expect that China's going to continue to do well, and that we'll do well within that macroeconomic framework that they're developing. And I think you've got to bet on them. Historically, they've made the right decisions. And I think you'd continue to see them doing that now, whether it's how they talk about the SOEs, what they talk about in banking, what they try to do to manage the real estate inflation that they've seen. I think you should bet on them, not against them.
David M. Cote: Well, the story really hasn't changed for us, Scott. Same sort of thing, we're going to make sure that we pay a very competitive dividend, recognizing the significance of that to our investors and we're a good cash generator. On the M&A side, same thing. What we always keep a very full pipeline of opportunity, more than we have money for. So we can be very selective about what it is we want to get, because as you know, price makes the difference. The -- you don't have a strategy regardless of price that price makes the difference. So we're going to continue to stay very disciplined in anything we do there. And when it comes to buybacks, same thing. We'll continue to be opportunistic with what we think makes sense.
David M. Cote: Well, actually we're going to be running into some of that over the next 2 or 3 years. And I view this more as opportunity than a problem because the -- what we've been able to do in that business to really build on what was a good portfolio, just unrealized, continues to -- just our possibilities there continue to grow, that's not going to change. However, none of those investments of the sort of thing that are -- break the bank when it comes to how do we think about our cash flow, our cash deployment. I mean, none of this stuff is untoward or creates any kind of cash prices for us.
David M. Cote: Well, we expect Aerospace to continue improving margins just like all the businesses. I don't expect to see a degradation.
David M. Cote: A lot of it -- to summarize Dave's point, it's just better execution in an area that we didn't really focus on as much as we could have in the past.
David M. Cote: Sure. Cause you just can't know. They're -- after what we saw happen with the debt ceiling, you can't assume that reason is going to prevail, so it's important to be able to plan accordingly. The good thing about our situation is it's not really -- none of our businesses are solely focused on Defense generally. It's same products, same services just going into the different sales channel, which gives us a lot more flexibility than others might have. So yes, we're fully prepared in the event that happens.
David M. Cote: Well, it doesn't really affect our planning, it affects our obligation. So what it does is it reduces the required Orissa-based funding over the next 3 to 5 years. But in terms of what we're planning, we're going to continue to be prudent here, to be out in front of this in a low-interest-rate environment. We think it's smart to be able to do it on that basis. So it's certainly -- it's a favorable event, but we don't see it as changing our basic plan of being prudent and being smart and basically measuring this a quarter at a time.
David M. Cote: We’re just doing what's required and what's smart here. We've tried to always stay on the side of what's smart and we'll stay there.
David M. Cote: I don't think it -- you can't -- you got to think about it, but I don't see something here, if you went to $1.10 or something like it used to, I don't see that having a big impact on us competitively around the world because we're everywhere as it is. So it's not something I worry about, let's put it that way.
David M. Cote: Yes. No, I get the point. Yes, I'd say that there's a range of possibilities there, and the 4% is likely as the 2% depending upon how the second half evolves. So it's tough to know. I would say one of the things that we do have, as you know, is last year was a very warm winter. And as result of that, the comp is lower in some of our key product lines. So if it doesn't develop that way this year, that'll make a difference.
David M. Cote: I would say it's tough to know how things are going to evolve in a political environment. But this is -- as you know, I've been very vocal about CEOs need to speak up here because just seeing how the debt ceiling discussion evolved a few months ago, none of us in the business community ever expected that they could be that reckless overall. And as we look at the fiscal cliff, that's an even bigger looming issue. And it's important for all of us to be speaking up now to make sure that politicians get it, that this is not just a political advantage issue they're dealing with, but they're dealing with lives of a lot of people as they kind of to and fro on this stuff. So I think that's one of the things that's contributing to uncertainty amongst all companies when it comes to do you want to hire, do you want to invest. So I think there's a greater chance of an overall slowdown if we don't start to see some thoughtful movement and discussion about what they're actually going to do. So I would say it's less of a specific Honeywell item than it is an overall tone that starts to evolve in the economy if everybody starts thinking they could be reckless again.
David M. Cote: Well, consensus historically hasn't been all that accurate, as you know. It seems like if global GDP is growing 3% to 4% a year pretty consistently, the forecast are pretty good. When you run into something where it varies one way or the other, they're not very good at handling the, let's say, the variability of something like that. So we find that, second-guessing where it's going to go, is actually been more productive than relying on those consensus forecasts. And it's why in the first half, we've prepared for something that was worse than what everybody was saying, and I think we were right. And in the second half, we think it's reasonable -- one of the reasonable outcomes here is that it could be flat. But we're going to continue to plan for -- think of this as a decline.
David M. Cote: It's not that big a deal. We already have, as you know, an extremely good cost position in that business. It does get enhanced at some with natural gas pricing being low. But it's going to be -- our cost position globally is the best in the world, and that's not going to change.
David M. Cote: Well, as you might expect, we're very happy with how we've performed in this difficult environment. And we expect that difficult environment to continue and think that's the right way to plan. But you can also expect that we'll continue to outperform, and the root cause is the same it's always been. A planning for a difficult environment is, of course, an important element, but just as important is all the seed planting we've done over the years in new products and services, new geographies and process initiatives. And we're going to stick with that game plan. We'll continue to plan conservatively and we'll continue to invest in the seed planting that positions us to perform well in good times and the tough times. So we're pleased of what we've been able to accomplish, and we look forward to a lot more in the future. And for Honeywell, the best is still yet to come. Thanks.
David James Anderson: We've -- we never expected much, as you know, Shannon. And fortunately, we planned for it. Unfortunately, it worked just the way we expected.
David James Anderson: We're seeing -- Shannon, just to add to Dave's point, we've seen continued strong activity. I have referenced the strong orders and backlog for UOP. So knock on wood, those projects will be financed, and we'll execute against those. But the overall macros continue to be very favorable in that business.
David James Anderson: Just to add a little bit, given the importance of it. Just -- Jeff, just a couple of numbers, which I think help. We had mentioned, David mentioned, the growth that we experienced in the second quarter, 12% organic. It's 14% for the first half. And what we've seen and the theme it’s really been or the underlying factors there have really been continued strength in our long-cycle businesses. So that's again really reflective of those favorable macros and the business positioning that we've done and the investments that we've done, in terms of globalization that we've made. The second thing is that we saw sequential improvement one quarter to second quarter in our short-cycle businesses in nearly every one of our businesses. And we also saw some notable pickup, it's not a trend, but we saw notable pickup in June. And we've seen, and in discussions with our business leaders, they're seeing clear evidence of anywhere -- you could call either stabilization or improvement in terms of what they're seeing in terms of their markets. So we think that we've got it prudently planned for the second half. But to Dave's point, if really viewed more over time, and from a macro standpoint, this is going to be -- continue to be a huge opportunity for Honeywell and becoming the Chinese competitor, executing like we are with our technologies to deal with the macro trends, there are favorable macro trends that'll continue to play out there. I think that's the way you want to look at it.
David James Anderson: Well, the R&D spend. And what we've guided previously, obviously is higher R&D spend, Scott. This year, as we mentioned, when you look at the second quarter results for Aerospace, it really was favorability in terms of volume favorability, as well as strength in productivity really, offset by -- partially offset by higher R&D.
David James Anderson: I think the absolute level is going to stay high. And I think the rate of the increase is going to continue to moderate. Because we saw the big increase, as you know, 2011 compared to 2010, further growth in 2012 compared to '11. And we'll see some moderation of that growth in 2013. But against the backdrop of a very robust pipeline of wins and successes that we've had, it's an opportunity-rich environment in Aerospace. And we just continue to face significant opportunities.
David James Anderson: Yes, and I think the guidance, just to add to that, Elena, the guidance that we've given for Aerospace in terms of full year margins remains, absolutely.
David James Anderson: Very, very good point. Yes, it's a very good point. When you look at -- Peter, at the guidance that we've provided in terms of stronger margin expansion for Honeywell for this year in terms of the guidance that we just went through for 2012, really a lot of that strengthening is attributable net of some other adjustments is attributable to Aerospace.
David James Anderson: It's really a number of things. The way Mike Madsen I think would describe it is a series of singles and doubles. That -- he's just really executing very, very smartly against a set of opportunities, frankly, that really are available to us both again domestically and internationally. There's a lot in the aftermarket. There's a lot in key offshore markets, Peter. And that's really what we're doing. There's nothing we would point to in terms of any major program win or...
David James Anderson: Well, I think what Dave maybe answer it this way is what Dave has asked each of the business leaders to have, and this is nothing new, is to have in their top right hand desk drawer, this test that they would take in the event of, and fill in the blank in terms of volume decline or assumption change. That's just smart, and we think executed very well and came out stronger as a result of the '08, '09 downturn. And we've put that and enhanced -- put that into our playbook and enhanced our capability and our leadership plan as a result. So I think the fact is we've got the response to be able to do that.
David James Anderson: It's really, it's really -- Nigel, it's really a function now of the global economy and the demand drivers there. I mean, obviously, on ammonium sulfate, the overall continued growth in terms of agricultural demand, the team there has just done an outstanding job of developing new customers, new markets. So we'll just continue to do that. But as long as those macro factors stay positive, we're, as Dave said, very, very well positioned.
