Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Greg. Let’s turn to Slide 7 and talk about the more aspirational approach we’re taking to our ESG commitments. ESG has been part of Honeywell’s DNA for decades. And we have an established track record of success in this area. Since we stood up our sustainability program in 2004, we’ve achieved every one of the ambitious targets we have set for ourselves, reduced our greenhouse gas emissions intensity by approximately 90% while spending over $4 billion on remediation projects to restore thousands of acres of land for our communities. While we’re thrilled in the successes we have had in the past, we believe we still have much to accomplish in the future. We’re currently on track to deliver on our 10-10-10 target set in 2019, further reducing our greenhouse gas emissions while deploying renewable energy projects and improving energy efficiencies at our sites. In addition, last year, we committed to achieving carbon-neutral facilities in operations by 2035, a full 15 years earlier than the Paris climate accords. While these targets are successful in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, we didn’t stop there. Earlier this year, we submitted a commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative to address our Scope 3 emissions across our value chain. Lowering the environmental footprint of our products, we continue to innovate with products and services that help our customers reduce their own emissions. In addition to our ambitious sustainability targets, we’ve also enhanced our ESG disclosures with additional metrics on our Investor Relations website. These include an ESG data sheet that has metrics for diversity, water, greenhouse gas and more, a defense and space fact sheet that includes more detailed information on our sales makeup and a document that breaks down Honeywell’s many ESG-oriented offerings, which comprise more than 60% of our revenue today. Now let’s turn to Slide 8 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. As always, our value-creation framework helped us successfully navigate the quarter and over-deliver on our commitments. Most of our end markets will continue to recover, and we are optimistic about our future. Despite the ongoing geopolitical challenges, including approximately $400 million of lost Russian sales, we raised the midpoint of our full year sales range and increased our earnings per share expectations. Our value-creation framework is working. With the ongoing recovery of our end market, we remain optimistic about the future of our business. While there is a heightened level of macro uncertainty at present, we remain confident in our ability to execute on the pieces within our control. With that, Sean, let’s move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: I think, Julian, that’s really impossible to quantify. I mean, what we’re assuming in our guidance range for Q2 is that essentially things come back to kind of normal state in May. That’s the best data we currently have. If you think about our 20 manufacturing facilities that we have in China, about half of them are operating more or less normally and the other half are kind of impaired, to some extent, by either supply chain challenges inbound and/or the operation itself. But we do expect that to improve in May and get back to normal with normal production certainly in June with a steady improvement in May. And to quantify that right now would be impossible. But that underpins our guidance for Q2.
Darius Adamczyk: And as Greg pointed out, timing does matter. I mean, we expected a slightly softer April due to the outages. And with these outages kind of happen in month 1, we have time to recover. We get outages in month 3, it’s going to be a much bigger problem. And frankly, we’re not anticipating that. We’re anticipating a recovery.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, let me maybe start on the second of your two questions. So in terms of defense and space, our orders in Q1 were actually quite good. They were double-digit orders growth in defense and space. But I wouldn’t tell you that we’re seeing a big uptick yet due to some of the geopolitical situation. But we do think it could happen. But we’re not going to call it that it’s going to happen until we see it. So the orders growth in Q1, although good, is not really tied to any of the geopolitical situation. And particularly in HPS, we saw good orders growth in Q1. We actually anticipate some strong orders in UOP particularly tied to some of our gas portfolio. So that looks good. So that’s sort of your second question. Greg...
Darius Adamczyk: And just to add to that, I mean, if you take a look at our backlog, which you’ve just provided, commercial activity is not our issue. I think commercial activity is about as strong as we’ve ever seen it. You see the improving backlog positions, orders positions. And I think this is all about supply chain. And there is still unknowns around supply chain. I think on the semiconductor side, we probably have seen the bottom. But I would tell you the aerospace supply chain is still challenged. And our de-commit rate from our suppliers is high. And that’s why it’s so hard to call this thing because when you get a pretty high de-commit rate, it’s difficult to call exactly what that’s going to look like in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So we remain optimistic that it’s going to continue to improve. But we’ve got to kind of see it in the numbers.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, I think it’s a couple of things. So I would characterize it the following. And we don’t release specific numbers to that project. But think about it as two dimensions. The first one is licensing and the technology itself, which can be recognized in one or two different ways, either an upfront paid-up license or a license that’s recognized as a royalty rate as SAF is produced. And then the second stream being the use of the catalyst itself to actually drive that SAF conversion. So this is not the only project that we’re going to be involved with. When we look at SAF and green fuels, we’ve won something like a double-digit number of projects in the last, call it, 6 to 9 months as we’ve been on an incredible run. It’s just one example of what we do. At some point, we’re going to give you a bit of a framework. We’re not ready to share that yet in terms of exactly what it looks like. But it’s going to be definitely margin-accretive. And you should think about it, very much like you said, as a recurring revenue base based on the catalyst reloads, which are going to be required to drive either SAF or green fuels and green gasoline.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. No, see, now we are ongoing working our price. I mean we basically are bumping up sort of the benefit of price by 1 percentage point. I think the one thing that, Scott, that I think you picked up, I mean essentially in this guide, it is a substantial raise to our guide range. I mean we didn’t explicitly say that, but it’s obvious. Because we are basically absorbing a $400 million hit due to Russia with commensurate margin rate of over $100 million. So, this is a fairly significant raise to our outlook. The way we can overcome that hit is through price. And we think now we are basically projecting an incremental point of price to a range of 5% or so.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And because we started doing this price increase a bit more aggressively in Q4 and Q1, obviously, as we get later in the year that starts to lap itself. Although I will tell you that we are going to stay on top of this thing, and we are continuing to chase inflation and trying to stay ahead. And obviously, we have to do more price increases here in Q2 to continue to stay ahead of it.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. No, I mean I think as you saw in the quarter, we had very good order rates, I mean double-digit, north of 20% order rates in HPS. UOP was a little lumpy. Frankly, our LST business was strong. Our UPT was a little bit less, so we expect a strong booking quarter in Q2. We will be – overall, particularly for UOP, we see strong orders growth, particularly as it relates to our natural gas-oriented portfolio. So, think about absorbents, gas processing, midstream, LNG terminals and all that business, it’s – we are a big partner of Venture Global to some of the projects that they are completing and their expansion. So, overall, we are very bullish in terms of what’s going on, particularly as it relates to the gas infrastructure that’s currently being built up both in North America, the Middle East and Europe.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. UOP gets disproportionately – I talked about the 1% hit for our revenues for the year. That’s disproportionately UOP-related. And you saw that already in Q1. So, that’s just to help that frame it up. As it relates to your second question, I mean essentially, in terms of Russia oil, I mean simplistically said, instead of flowing less, we think it’s going to start flowing south. And I think the good news about us is that we have a global presence across the West and the South. And I think that benefits obviously a lot of our PMT businesses. And as I mentioned earlier, kind of the gas infrastructure build-out in Western Europe, which will take place both in Western Europe, but also in the Middle East and in the U.S., will also have positive benefit to our business. So, all-in-all, I mean I think we are well positioned there.
Darius Adamczyk: I mean that’s hard to answer right now. I think we are still kind of weeks into this conflict, so we will see. I mean we are obviously involved in a lot of the discussions of the new projects and so on, but – and I am very, very confident that any of the build-out that’s going to take place, particularly of our modular design concepts, which really revolutionized LNG, I am quite confident that we are going to be a player in that space.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean there is – yes, there is a lot of variables here. Let me try to unpack it a little bit. I mean HBT and SPS, the supply chain is complex due to the variety installed base of our products. It is somewhat contained primarily to the semiconductors. And when you think about semiconductors, you are talking about the 5 to 10 core suppliers that we are monitoring. So, it’s actually a little bit easier for us to get our arms around the situation and know when things will come in, when they won’t come in. And we are cautiously optimistic about an improving supply source coming through for Q2, Q3 and Q4. And frankly, looking into Q2 from the beginning vis-à-vis Q1 or Q4, we actually looked a little bit better than we did in the other quarters. So, we have reason to be cautiously optimistic, provided we don’t get de-commits on semiconductors. Now, when you get into the Aero segment, it actually becomes a bit more challenged. And to give you some very specific numbers, our level of de-commits, which is sort of last-minute cancellations or push-outs, was at a level of 22%. I mean that’s what makes it so difficult. It was actually worse than in Q4, where it was about 19%. We are counting on some improvement in Q2 and Q3 and Q4. But now you are not talking about less than 10 suppliers, you are talking about tens, if not hundreds of suppliers. And trying to really figure out exactly how well they are going to deliver and when it becomes more challenging. Obviously, we have deployed our own people, our resources to that supply base to help them through some of their capacity challenges. We have got a program around that. But it is challenged. And I can’t tell you that we have a full and perfect view as to exactly what’s going to happen. We are working through it. And as you can see, we certainly have the backlog more than to support the business. And we are not just watching. We are actually doing and we have got a substantial force of people to just work there at aero supply chain.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, that target keeps moving. But we think in the – certainly in the first half of May, we expect some ease-off in terms of the Shanghai lockdowns. That’s what we have built into our guidance, if you will.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And to be – just a couple of other things here, I mean, yes, I mean as Greg pointed out, wide-body travel has been still constrained and limited. And that’s still upside to go for us, given particularly our installed base on those aircraft. But the fact is if you look at our backlog position, we are in tremendous shape in Aerospace. And probably, the biggest issues we see is in defense and space, where we have a growing past-due backlog at a faster rate than even some of the other segments. So really, we don’t – we are not that worried about the commercial inbound. And we saw just an incredible order rate, strong double-digit order rate in Q1. All our focus is really on output in the supply chain. We get that going, I think very, very good, very, very quickly because…
Darius Adamczyk: Well, because we are really not seeing a lot of new orders yet to some of the geopolitical conflicts to replenish the inventories. I mean I think – and by the way, checking with some of the other OEs, that’s not necessarily unusual so that could be an uptick. When we talked about at Investor Day, there was some built-in optimism around that coming in. And I still think it will happen. I am just not going to call it yet until we actually see the orders coming through. Having said that, we did see double-digit orders growth in defense and space in Q1 just naturally without the addition of plus-ups in the defense budget. So, I think it could still be at that level. I am just not going to call that until we actually see it more pronounced in our orders rate. And I am still optimistic that it will happen.
Darius Adamczyk: You just nailed it, Andy. Yes, that’s exactly – you have got it exactly right, which is as we look in, because we look at short cycle and long cycle. And you see now a little bit of a transition from its slow, because short cycle is still very good for us, but now we are starting to slowly see that long cycle coming through. You see it in our backlog. You see it in our order rates. And now it’s the time of the cycle where the long cycle businesses will start to have a bit more traction. And a lot of people are saying there may or there may not be a recession in the next 6 months to 12 months to 18 months. But I certainly hope it doesn’t happen. But if it does, I actually think that Honeywell can weather the storm quite well, given the kind of backlog position in the markets we are in, which is energy and aerospace, which frankly have been hurt disproportionally hard during the pandemic and now are starting to come back strong. So I am very, very optimistic about kind of the position, the backlog we are in. And I think you said it exactly right, we are seeing kind of a transition occurring slowly, but surely. And it’s not because our short cycle is weak, but the long cycle is now starting to slowly pick up.
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong first quarter results in a typical Honeywell fashion and have and will continue to navigate the numerous uncertainties with operational rigor and agility in order to drive superior shareholder returns. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Greg Lewis: Yes. Well, let me start by saying the margins don’t need to turn around. They are actually quite good at 27.4%. So we’re pretty happy with where they are. And yes, they were in line with what we had expected. We do see them coming down a bit in Q2 though, because as we’ve talked about, the OE equipment margins are not favorable to us. And so we are facing some mix headwind, which those will continue to challenge us as the year goes on. And we also talked a lot about in our Investor Day, our investment increases in R&D, in particular, which again are very important for some of our longer-term programs. So we feel good about where we are. But that is going to be – we do expect a little bit of a sequential tick-down there in Aerospace, in particular, probably get a little bit of a tick-up in SPS. But those are really the – those are probably the two main movers overall. We will also have – our corporate expense generally starts out a little slower in the early part of the year and ramps up again. That’s not big dollars. But as you know, every $10 million is about 10 basis points for the company. So those are really the three things I’d highlight.
Greg Lewis: Yes. And if I just would add to that, I mean, how this all continues to happen in China, obviously no one can say for sure. If things like what goes on in Shanghai happened early in the quarter like they are right now, it’s going to impact our April. We’re already seeing that. But assuming everything comes back, as Darius mentioned, as things open back up after the first week of May, then we’ve got plenty of time to sort of make up that volume and recover the shipping. But how will that present itself throughout the quarter and the rest of the year really is kind of unpredictable.
Greg Lewis: Yes. I don’t know. Steve, we don’t guide individual segments any longer. As you know, we’ve not done that for a while. So we do expect to see margins tick down in Aerospace less than 100 basis points but more than zero. And there is a range around those things as well, which is why we don’t guide it any longer. And as it relates to IGS, that is a low single-digit margin business. We expect that to go up each and every quarter by – think about it as maybe 100-ish basis points per quarter as we work our way through the 2021 job that we took the charge on for last year, which the completion of those will be at zero margin. And we continue to get the benefit of the new projects and our execution improvements throughout the course of the year, which is why again we see both between that as well as volume leverage that we ought to get from our products businesses and the rest of the portfolio. That’s why we see a pretty consistent margin expansion sequentially quarter after quarter after quarter in SPS, which is why our best – it’s going to be our best grower of the year.
Greg Lewis: Minority interest, you are probably seeing the full quarter impact of Quantinuum, because if you remember, we closed that in December. And so now we are getting a full quarter of that minority interest. We get the consolidation of that, which you see in the P&L, which is all the OpEx. But then we get the offset for our partners, 46% share, going the other way.
Greg Lewis: We can look at it separately in our call later. I am not sure I have that right off the top of my head.
Greg Lewis: 5%. Yes, we had talked about 4% in the original guide. We now see it as 5% as you saw from the release. I mean we were up 7% in the first quarter.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So again, just simplistically, we lost a point from Russia. We picked up a point on price. We kept the overall organic number to 10%.
Greg Lewis: Sure, Andrew. I will take the first one. And from a short-term perspective, two simple things to think about. I mean first off, the way we had our plan set up was we were going to be completing some projects in UPT that had already been in flight. So, we are going to have – as that winds down, we are going to have a year-over-year comp in the equipment business in the early part of the year that will be negative. And we see the catalyst business growing throughout the remainder of the year, which is going to support the growth rate more beyond that. So, it’s – and the other aspect of that is back to Russia, as an example, the biggest place we are going to see the impact of Russia is going to be in UOP. And so UOP being down, I think it was 9% in the quarter, roughly 7% of that is from the loss of the Russia volume in 1Q.
Greg Lewis: Yes. The only – to your point, just maybe expanding on your contractual obligations and also protections, so we have some protections as well. So, as you could probably guess, the price equation is greater in SPS, HBT, PMT. And we are a little bit more constrained, but also a little bit more protected in aerospace, where we have more of the longer term contracts.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So, it absolutely is going to be a constraint on the aftermarket part of the business. I mean certainly, our MSP power by the hour is going to be rev/rec just based on flight hours. But the bit of that, that’s tied to spares and repairs is going to have a physical constraint for sure. And that’s also, by the way, exactly what creates a little bit of our margin pressure as well because we have got firm commitments to our OEs. And so that creates a bit of a squeeze between where the products will go in the chain and what the profitability around that is. So, that is for sure an issue. Are we seeing some return to wide-body travel, we are. I wouldn’t call it dramatic at this point in Q1. But we are seeing a little bit of a sequential move there. But we have said all along, that is really going to be tied very much to travel across the globe as opposed to domestically. And so when – particularly with China locking down, and that curtails, of course, anything in and out of China even longer.
Greg Lewis: And just again to put some numbers behind it, we talked about our past-due backlog going up $0.5 billion in the quarter. About $200 million of that was in Aero. About half of that was in defense and space, but the other half was in commercial. So, there is clearly an impact in both areas. But as Darius said, as that unlocks, then the volume and the leverage that will come along with that are really attractive.
