Dave Anderson: Okay. Well, I think it’s probably instructive to go back to the framework that we reviewed with you in February. That’s still intact. What we said at that time is for Honeywell, pension expense is clearly going to be a headwind in 2011, and it’s going to probably continue to be outsized in terms of our peers. They just have to deal with our shorter smoothing and amortization periods.  The chart that I showed you, though, and I think this is very instructive and helpful and will be good for you to visualize, is that chart that showed 2011, 2010-2011 and then out to 2015. I dubbed it, by Body Miller Chart.  And what it showed is that the pension expense continues to rise in 2011. 
Dave Anderson: You bet, that’s right. And then decelerates and in fact creates relatively significant tailwinds for us. That’s essentially built in. I mean, the fact that we’re going to have headwind in 2011 and we’re going to have tailwind in 2012, both of which, by the way, are going to stand out relative to our peers. That’s kind of a given.  The other thing that we talked about, and numbers you know well, Scott, are the guidance or framework, the matrix if you will, the intercept between discount rates and asset returns.  And just to revisit those numbers a little bit, at the time, we talked about a 575 discount rate. That is essentially the rate – that is the rate we used at year end of ’09. We talked about a 9% return on assets. That’s our targeted return. You know, if you do those intercepts and look at those in terms of our actuarial numbers, that’s about $200 million dollars headwind on a year-over-year basis.  Now, the sensitivity is every 25 basis points, and this is the biggest sensitivity, 25 basis points of change in the discount rates equates to about $15 million of pre-tax. So you know, it’s either 6% which translates to $50 million less expense and 25 basis points lower, let’s call it 5.5, which translates to $50 million more of expense.  One-point change on the return on assets equates to about $10 million. So again, you could take that 9% return, if it’s 10% or if it’s 8%, you know, add or subtract $10 million.  So that’s really the framework. You know, the numbers are kind of where they are today, you know, probably low single-digits in terms of return on plan assets, certainly lower than 5.75 in terms of discount rate. Those will all be marked at year end. That’s the framework. You can do the sensitivity analysis from there.  Now, the other thing to tell you is that we will clearly do everything right in terms of the intelligent prefunding the plan, every dollar that we put in on an accounting basis contributes 9%, so $1.00 of additional funding contributes 9% of that in terms of income. So that will be something that will mitigate assuming that we do more funding and we’ll continue to valuate funding in the pension plan through the rest of the year. The other thing to keep in mind too is the stronger-than-operational performance. There’s other things that will mitigate pension. If you look at just our performance this year, and how we’re doing against that “$800 million” of guidance for pension expense this year. I mentioned, for example, $63 million of repositioning on a year to date. That’s going to generate higher income than we anticipated for 2011 when we began 2010.  So all of those things are in the mix. Hopefully that’s helpful to you in terms of thinking about pension. 
Dave Anderson: Jeff, if I could just comment a little bit. The big change here, we really initiated significant labor cost actions in second quarter 2009. That’s really when the market – really we saw the market begin to turn. Dave had all of us on our toes with preparedness in terms of the actions that we would take. So we commenced furlough actions, work schedule reductions, and other actions significantly in the second quarter of last year for all of our businesses as I cited.  That is a headwind for the second quarter. That is the answer fundamentally to your question in terms of what took place for ACS.  If you look at it kind of setting that aside, as I said, operationally, tremendous performance in our products businesses, solutions were not up as much, but were good performance in the quarter. So it really if you point to a single item, it’s really that. 
Dave Anderson: Yeah, and that’s it. When I talk about the sequential, the second quarter is when we took those actions. That’s the same answer, the same answer as year over year as you have sequentially. 
Dave Anderson: Yeah, that’s exactly right. Yeah, we’re seeing it in schedules, we’re seeing it in other activity. You know, we’ve got forecasts in terms of utilization, etc. So you know, it’s in that kind of range. I mean, we’ll see plus or minus on the Flight Hours and plus or minus on the aftermarket revenue, but we feel good about those kinds of directional numbers. 
Dave Anderson: We haven’t done that. We’ve taken it down moderately from the prior starting point. We always get a fine tune on our form plans as we progress through the year. Nigel, that’s just kind of the state of play. And that’s mostly what’s reflective of these numbers.  I mean, a good number to use now is around $800 million for the full-year pension expense. 
Dave Anderson: Seeing that you’re probably looking at, and you might be combining, is OPEB. And when I talk to pension number around the $800, that excludes other post-employement benefits. Those OPEB numbers have improved over the course of the year as we’ve gotten the benefit of curtailment gain from some of the plan-design changes that we’ve successfully executed over the course of this year. 
Dave Anderson: I would say the majority of that is European, but it’s a nice mix and it includes Asian business, and it includes also North American business. But the majority, just given the significance of our European business, which represents about 65 to 70% of our total turbo revenues, you know, the majorities of those wins are for European OEs. 
Dave Anderson: Just with the transportation systems revenues for the full year, that will translate into some improved margins. And you know, it’s TBD on the foreign currency. We’ll see how that plays out. 
Dave Anderson: The big item though, Steven, we talked about this in the past, is growing volume and controlling fix spots. It’s really as simple as that. 
Dave Anderson: You know, I’d say – just the only thing that I would add today, it’s a big item. Just think about it as volume leverage and then the other thing is productivity is a result of the repositioning actions that we took in prior periods. That’s all living through in terms of that volume leverage. 
Dave Anderson: Yeah. So the 29.5, again, I’m giving you kind of a precise number, it’s going to be plus-minus in the third quarter. That same number is going to be 22 and change in the fourth quarter. So we’ll be at around 26 ½ for the full year. 
Dave Anderson: It absolutely does. It includes the additional healthcare charge. It includes the Varian acquisition. And it includes the higher repositioning that I mentioned early. All those are baked in. 
Dave Anderson: You know, corporate expenses run in the neighborhood of $50 million, $45 to $55 million dollars per quarter. It’s sort of depends in terms of things that we may want to recognize or proof in the quarter. I think, you know, Elena talked a little bit about some of the things, we talked about some of those things previously.  So you know, it’s always going to be kind of in that range. If you use a guidance somewhere in the 190 to 200 range for the full year for that, it’s a pretty good number. 
Dave Anderson: No. Nothing unusual. We’re always just looking at – we anticipate things like accruals for incentive compensation. We anticipate all kinds of things. And those will always move around depending upon the period. So comparing that year over year, it’s going to always be in that kind of range. 
Dave Anderson: We didn’t really change any aspects of the forecast. It was really just pointing out for you that from a planning standpoint we continue to be prudent and appropriately prudent or conservative. We didn’t have a lot of expectation build in for European growth for the year. We had some recovery obviously in the automotive market Turbo related. We’re seeing better-than-anticipated performance there. But we’re being cautious as we look forward to the second half.
Dave Anderson: Yeah. So hopefully, John, we’ll see better than this. But we are, you know, we’re maintaining – I’ll call it a flat, slightly range for Europe expectation in the second half. 
Dave Anderson: The Cash for Clunkers in Europe really drove low-end gas, and Diesel Pen dropped a bunch. And as soon as that went away, Diesel Pen has been growing very well. 
Dave Anderson: It all depends on what the markets end up doing. But I’d say certainly when you look at the dynamics of diesel penetration and new launches around the world, we’re in very good shape. 
Dave Anderson: The color is that we had a pretty precipitous decline in the second quarter, as you recall, Bob, as we went through the numbers. It’s the timing of deliveries and the overhang of prior orders in the first half of 2009. We’re now at a more stable level. And what we’re seeing is, now on the OE side is an up check on some of the higher-end platforms, so we’re seeing improvement in terms of Gulf Stream, Falcon, some of the Bombardier’s etcetera. And that’s all driving, as well as obviously Embraer an that’s all driving our performance outlook going forward.  And it’s against very, very low numbers. So it’s very, very easy comp that we’re talking about on the Business Jet side. But that business will have turned and will see improvement in terms of year over year in the second half of 2010. 
Dave Cote: I would say we’d find a way, if we come across something that makes a lot of sense for the company, we’ll find a way to do it. 
Dave Cote: I’m proud of what they did, Jeff. I’m not sure – I have a tough time finding any bad new on anything that they did. I have to admit, I haven’t really thought about it that much that way. 
Dave Cote: And I’d say it’s tough to read it. It’s kind of blog trying to read into how much inventory is there. It’s more, I’d say, by feel than it is data, Jeff. 
Dave Cote: These guys are on fire. They’re just – they’ve done a very good job of having the lowest cost, highest technology, best flawless launches in the industry. And it really shows, and you see a lot of the growth coming from the new launches that they’re getting. They’re just on fire. 
Dave Cote: No. I think those numbers are, you know, those numbers are very much still in range. I’d say the one thing that we have is a little bit upside in the transportation systems, just as a result of their enhanced volume leverage. 
Dave Cote: No so much. It’s certainly not happening in Aero. I’d say ACS would be the next one. And the same thing, it’s tough to see into what those inventory balances are out there. I would say most of what we’re seeing is flow through, we believe. Maybe some restocking, but I wouldn’t say restocking is a big number yet. 
Dave Cote: In more orders than anything else. Orders has started to pick up, but I wouldn’t say we’ve seen big spending from it yet. 
Dave Cote: Well, you know volume was obviously a big driver. We really benefited in terms of volume leverage in a quarter. That’s really the key driver. And then I’d say the other thing is just – we would sort of contribute a porton of that to what we would call commercial excellence. Just executing very, very well. And then we had the offset, as I mentioned earlier. Each of our SBGs, each of our businesses offset from the labor policy cross actions. Those not reoccurring both sequentially to Jeff’s question earlier, as well as year over year. 
Dave Cote: That’s a good question, John. And just to clarify what we did in that walk is said, okay, here’s going to be the reported, $0.57 to $0.62, but we wanted to just show you the strength of the underlying operational performance that’s really driving it. 
Dave Cote: But you’re right. We’re both affected by the overall production rates, and in some respects we disconnected from the overall production rates because of our strength in terms of Turbo penetration and that we’re not on the lower-end vehicles, which are the more subject to the influence of the scrappage programs, whether they were there in ’09 or gone in 2010. 
Dave Cote: Bob, every market has its ups and down and the evolve over time. And every company has to be able to evolve with it. China is going to continue to be a big and growing market. Nothing ever proceeds in a straight line, so I’m sure it will have its ups and down also. It’s important to be there, to be the local Chinese competitor and not just the multi-national who’s kind of coming in from overseas. And we work pretty hard on that. That’s not going to change.  I’d say everything has it’s ups and downs, you work your way through it. We’re very good at not giving anything away, but rather working with partners and making sure we develop the market. So yeah. I mean, there will be ups and downs, but all in all, it’s a place we’re going to stay and a place we’re going to – 
Dave Cote: No. I would say nothing beyond anything that we’ve ever expected. As the market evolves, you have to find a way to work with the local guys, local partners. I think we’ve come up with a very effective way of doing that. I don’t see that changing. 
Dave Cote: Okay. We’re off to a great start, as you’ve been able to see. And I think that reinforces our ongoing strategy having great positions in good industries to focus on Honeywell, our five initiatives, and that continued focus on feet planting.  And I think it’s also a demonstration of what happens when you stick with a strategy over a period of time. Good times, and bad times, you stick with a smart strategy and it really is surprising that in the relentless execution of that strategy, day by day, quarter by quarter, year by year, it’s amazing where you can get to.  So we’ve executed well. I think we continue to execute well. And you can count on us to continue. 
