Darius Adamczyk: Yes, Steve, a couple to that – I mean in terms of Q2, yes, I mean I think we expect our worst decrementals for the year in Q2. I mean, obviously we’re in the middle of some cost actions, we’re doing that. We expect Q2 to be the most depressed from a GDP perspective or sort of underlying assumptions here, and I emphasize the word assumptions, is that GDP Q2 will be the worst, improve in Q3 and improve in Q4. So obviously, our margins will kind of follow that trend. Q2 will be the bottom, we expect some level of improvement in Q3 and further in Q4. That’s sort of the overall trend. We can’t give a level of precision on this because obviously some of the cost actions, timing of that, that’s still a little bit not totally within our control and – but we’re taking aggressive actions, not just with the Phase 1 that was discussed, but we’re also looking in Phase 2, which is going to be deployed – well, finalized and deployed within the next 60 days for certain.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I mean, clearly, our Q2 decrementals will be worse. I mean that’s – and then they’ll start improving from that. I don’t know that I can give you any more precision than that, I mean it’s...
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, obviously, we have the liquidity and cash is not a concern for us. I mean, given our position, balance sheet, the term loan we took on. So I mean, we have a lot of optionality in the second half. I mean, I wouldn’t expect much in the second quarter. I mean, I think this is the time to kind of assess the situation, see what’s happening, see what’s going on in the medical arena, see if the markets are turning around. So I wouldn’t expect much here in the Q2 timeframe, but we have a lot of optionality in the second half to potentially get back in the market. But we’ll see. I think that we’re going to kind of hold – tap on the brakes here in Q2. See what happens, implement our – both our growth plans and I emphasize the growth plans, because I think that there are some opportunities even with this crisis. Obviously, also execute the cost plans as well, because that’s what you have to do in this environment and it’s the reality and then we’ll relook at capital allocation as it relates to buybacks and so on as we move into Q3 and beyond.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think it’s too early to tell, Steve, because we still haven’t fully quantified the Phase 2 impact.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. So the problem with giving you a number here is that we’re operating with two or three different variables, all of which could move dramatically. So then you get down to a guess and, as Honeywell, we don’t guess. I mean, when we say something, we do it, which was evidenced by our Q1 delivery of segment profit.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, well, I mean as you can imagine, a lot of the M&A activity is kind of a little bit of on pause. I think, as being a buyer, that’s probably a good thing, because I don’t want to be necessarily be buying off of 2019 comps. I don’t think that makes a lot of sense. But given our balance sheet, which is in great position. Yes, I think that this is an area which could be an opportunity in the second half of the year. I think the valuation should and will change, and that’s pretty obvious. But whenever you have a sudden change in economic conditions, like we do now, which really flipped, I mean, they literally flipped from the beginning of March. At the end of March, we’re sitting in a dramatic position. It takes a little bit of time of reality for [dollars] [ph] to sink in terms of what the valuation should be. I mean everybody still wants to value their business off of 2019 figures and that’s just isn’t realistic anymore, and you kind of have to look forward rather than look backward.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, let me give you a little color on that, which is, don’t think of that as mostly short-term. Think about that $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, 30% to 40% of that is roughly short-term, but the rest of it is permanent. So that’s – it’s not all just short term stuff. And I think you should think about the Phase 2 actions. It’s not all permanent, but majority permanent.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, on SPS, I mean, you should think about a couple of businesses accelerating for a couple of – next couple of quarters, one being Intelligrated. I mean, our backlog there is tremendous and continues to grow. So that’s – we expect to see growth in Intelligrated, obviously, the demand on e-commerce is going to become more acute, not less acute, and we have an orders positions in the backlog and even our frontlog, that looks extraordinarily appealing. So that’s a business – obviously, we’ve captured a tremendous amount of business in PP&E, it’s – and that business is going to accelerate more or less every single month as we move forward through the year. So we expect to see growth. And then modest decline in some of the other businesses, all those sensing and IoT will see growth and some of the healthcare oriented sensors. There are other segments that it’s exposed to like Aerospace that are obviously going to be a decline. So that’s going to be – our Productivity Products business, kind of, low-single-digit, kind of, decline is, kind of, what we’re expecting. Some of those segments are going to do pretty well, transportation, logistics and healthcare, retail is not. So that’s kind of how we see that one. So, overall, I mean, we do expect SPS for the year to be our healthiest and strongest SPG and I think it’s – we could even see growth in that SPG even this year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. PMT is going to be challenged for the segments that are oil and gas oriented and obviously we have exposure in both UOP and HPS. I remember the 2015, 2016s, because I ran that business at that time, it wasn’t that much fun. But I do worry about a couple of factors here. The first one is, there is just no demand. I mean, if you think about what comes out of refinery, whether it’s jet fuel, whether it’s gasoline and so on, the world needs to go back to work and start functioning again. Because no one is flying, very few countries in the world are reopening, so there is very little gasoline and fuel consumption. Price of oil is highly depressed if you look at it. If I remember correctly, the lowest price of oil that I seem to recall back in the 2015, 2016 timeframe was about $27, $28 a barrel. We’re substantially south of that. So it’s going to be a challenging time for PMT. We’re going to be taking some – we already are taking and we’ll be taking even more cost reductions to align with the demand. And you even heard some recent announcements as early as today with Exxon and Chevron further cutting back CapEx. So we have to adjust to the reality of today and focus on a lot of our services and a lot of our digital business to drive growth and the segments that are still growing because we do participate in the pharma segment, we have some play in food and beverage, pharmaceuticals and so on. So it’s not all doom and gloom. I mean, clearly it’s going to be a challenged time for PMT for a portion of that business, not the entire business and we have to align that reality and adjust our cost base to what we anticipate it will be.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And then maybe just one other thing to add to that is a portion of that cost savings is also in indirect costs. So as we think about 2021, obviously, as you reduce your indirect costs, that doesn’t require really much of any restructuring. So we don’t anticipate going back to 2019 indirect spending levels in 2021. That’s probably not realistic. So part of that savings that we’ll see is going to live through in 2021. It’s going to be someplace between what we’re going to come back in 2020 and what it was in 2019. So part of that is going to be a carry-over.
Darius Adamczyk: No, I mean, look, we wanted to do, back all the way in the March timeframe is react quickly and decisively because the world really changed in the month of March. So our Phase 1 plan was things that we could do it very quickly, very decisively, some – moving up some restructuring, some of the reduced work weeks, pay reductions, all those kinds of things. The Phase 2 stuff is because we don’t think that things like Aerospace are going to return to normal next year. I mean, I don’t know if it’s a two-year window or three-year window, you’ve heard others opine on that, but I don’t think that that’s a short-term. So particularly in Aerospace and PMT, we’re going to have to align our cost base to the realities of what we’re likely to experience in 2021 and hopefully not beyond, but maybe beyond. So Phase 2 results see a further realization of what the markets may look like in the future and our realignment of cost base, more of a permanent realignment to adjust to that reality.
Darius Adamczyk: One other thing, Nigel, though, I will tell you, though, that we are not planning on cutting growth CapEx. We’re in a strong cash position. Those projects are high return projects. I’m not planning on sacrificing the future just to cut back on CapEx and I – that’s probably something that we’re going to continue to fund.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean, there might be, because obviously we’re not operating our facilities as much as we do. Some of them are operating at reduced work hours obviously to align with some of the volumes that we’re seeing, obviously the maintenance part just might be a bit smaller somewhat. There might be some trims around some of the maintenance budgets just – that’s totally aligned to production, but there’ll be probably some modest reductions in CapEx, but we are not planning on reducing investments in future growth and future MPI projects.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think it is a little bit too early to tell at this juncture as to what we’ll do, but you have to remember that our strategy always has and is kind of a regional for regional or local for local production change. I mean, if anything, I’d like to accelerate that. I’d like to be really local for local. I mean we’re mostly there and I think that’s still very much the right strategy. You got to produce in the countries in which you operate and leveraging those supply chains and operate locally. So I’m not sure that’s a dramatic change from where we have been, if anything, it’s probably an acceleration of the strategy that we already had.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, well, I think, a lot of that depends upon how quickly we think the air traffic will return. And there is a little bit of a trade-off where airlines want to dispose of cash to acquire new aircraft or will they want to operate the current fleet to maintain cash flexibility and retain those cash. So – and then also the timing matters, too. So is that something we are thinking about? Sure, absolutely. But exactly in our – there’s kind of two different theories. One theory is you retire more aircraft in bringing new ones, okay, because of the efficiencies and so on. That makes sense. But another theory is, okay, you may not want to necessarily, as an airline, part with a lot of cash and further spend it right now when you are in cash distressed state. So we’ll see which way it goes. I think the most important thing to remember and where we’re spending all our time and energy is providing solutions for airlines and even airports in terms of how we can regain passenger confidence to fly again. Because when people start sitting at home and we probably start opening up the economies, the single-most important thing that can happen for this industry is people gaining the confidence to fly again. And that’s really where we’re spending our time and energy.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think there is just a lead lag effect, right. I mean, I think there is clearly a correlation on the aftermarket to the flight hours flown, both on the BG and air transport side. There is probably a little bit of a delay in terms of recurrence and growth in flight hours and that being exhibited in the aftermarket consumption. But other than that, I think that correlation is generally there. And as you see flight hours return to whether it’s in the business segment or air transport, you should start to see aftermarket return, probably with some lagging effects.
Darius Adamczyk: No, I mean, I’m just going to answer your second question first, I don’t see any structural change for commercial demand. I mean I actually think there is an opportunity for our HBT business because what CEO of any commercial building isn’t going to want to provide a safer cleaner environment for his or her employees. So I think that in terms of overall commercial construction, I don’t see any structural change. Short-term is a little bit tougher to predict, as you can imagine throughout the world, you have different rules and regulations. Some region, some states, some countries are allowing construction to keep going. Others have put more tight restrictions and it’s not allowed and as the world kind of comes back, we’re going to have a little bit better visibility and actually access both to service on these buildings, as well as to products and solutions. So it’s a bit of a mixed story, but it’s more or less realigned to the world, kind of, returning to some level of normalcy and it’s – it really vary throughout the world in terms of – in some places construction is moving, others it’s in a pause state.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think it’s a little bit of a mixed story and maybe I’ll use China as an example. So as you can imagine, in China, January and February were extraordinarily slow, the business was – there wasn’t really much of anything happening. March was better. March, we saw a bounce back, which was encouraging, but April has been not horrible but soft. I mean, think about negative single-digit kind of business. So I think the assumption that China is back to normal, at least based only on April data point may not be correct. Aviation is just starting to pick up in China and this is a little bit of what I talked about before, which is, we have to get the passenger comfortable to fly again because just because you lift some of the restrictions, that doesn’t mean that people are going to jump on airplanes the second day after that. So there’s got to be a real level of focus and effort to make sure that they come back and that’s what we’re working with a lot of our airport and airline customers on some of the solutions. And we have some really good ideas to help them to think through that.
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareowners for their continued support of Honeywell. These are challenging and uncertain times for all and we remain focused on continuing to perform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees. While we cannot predict how the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately impact our business and the global economy, we are well-positioned to weather the storm with our balanced portfolio, track record of execution and strong balance sheet. We’ve managed through uncertain times before and we will do so again. While 2020 will be challenging, I continue to be excited about the future for Honeywell. Our operational rigor will serve us well, given the near-term economic outlook. Thank you all for listening and please stay safe and healthy.
Greg Lewis: So what you’re seeing for us, of course, is that we’ve got 40% roughly of our Aerospace businesses, Defense and Space, and that’s continuing to grow. They grew 7% in the first quarter and we see a nice growth trajectory in Q2 as well. And it really is in the commercial side of the business that we’re going to see a substantial acceleration of that growth rate coming down. So – and again, relative to the back half of the year, as Darius described, we expect the second quarter to be the worst it’s going to get, but to be honest, we don’t really know. And that’s again part of the reason why we’re not giving full year guidance. We’re telling you the best we can see here out in the very short term, 90 days and all of the aspects of what happens with the health crisis, when do people go back and fly again, that is not something that is very clear to anyone, including us.
Greg Lewis: It was mostly receivables. Our collections were down year-on-year. Again as – particularly, as we got down to the last few weeks of March, they slowed dramatically. You can imagine there were some places where people weren’t there to actually be able to execute payments and other customers are beginning to get a little bit skittish with their payments as well. So that’s really the major story for the quarter and we absolutely are going to do all the things Darius described on working capital, including readjusting our supply plans to these new realities from the standpoint of our inventory plan and that’s going on as we speak.
Greg Lewis: Sure. So, Jeff, couple of things. Number one, the $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, about $200 million of that is carry-over restructuring from the prior year. So it’s not a 100% incremental. And you’re right, I mean, we guided a pretty sizable repositioning capacity as we always do, because we’re always building pipeline around repositioning. That’s been one of the things that’s continue to feed our Productivity delivery over many, many years. And so what you’re seeing here is, we just accelerated a substantial amount of that into the first quarter and the second quarter mainly to drive direct and indirect cost reductions to combat this situation. So that capacity has always been there to deal with the pipeline as it gets created. We’ve just now deployed it or about to deploy it into some very specific things around direct and indirect cost reductions in the near-term.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I would say, Jeff, from an aftermarket perspective, it’s definitely accelerated in the first – I would say, the last six weeks, for sure. I mean, the end of March, in particular, started to see some pretty substantial slowdown. So when we think about it, in the second quarter, we’re going to have some substantial reductions, probably greater than the flight hour reductions that I mentioned earlier in the discussion. So probably greater than 50% types of aftermarket down in the ATR segment in particular.
Greg Lewis: Yes. Yes, so I can tell you that we are in active dialog with our customer base and particularly in those two segments, as you mentioned, because they are hurting. So they’re – customers are coming back to us and talking with us about ways in which we can work together to ensure that they are able to navigate through this environment. And so we’re going through what you would expect a disciplined company to do. We’re doing, not only direct dialog with some of those larger customers but we’re also doing a substantially deeper credit risk assessment on our whole portfolio, and in cases where we need to do things like pay-before-shipments or require cash before orders are taken, we’re doing it. But we’ve got a – that’s a nuanced strategy because you’ve got to be – you have to have consideration about the strategic customers that you’re dealing with. So that’s – it’s an ongoing activity. I will tell you that it’s got the senior most leadership attention. These are not decisions that are being taken down in low levels of the organization. Each of the SPGs, Presidents and CFOs and Darius and myself are having direct dialog on some of these larger customers in particular. So it’s going to be a challenge. There is no doubt about it. I don’t think we’ve seen the impact in the markets yet of what could happen from solvency risk standpoint and I think that’s yet to play out, but we’re taking appropriate actions as you would expect us to go do to manage through that.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I mean, the two biggest areas we’re focusing on, as you can imagine, is inventory and receivables. So we’ve got full court press on with our receivables teams and the SPGs, as I mentioned, to make sure that our collections activities are robust and then Torsten and his team, as Darius highlighted, have instituted a weekly executive sign up all the way to the Honeywell level and that’s going to be a big focus for us and I’ll let maybe Torsten say a few words about what we’re doing there.
Greg Lewis: Yes. And the N95 masks is a good example. I mean you can imagine we’re putting capital to work right now to go do that. So again, absolutely going back and scrubbing our capital plan and making the appropriate adjustments, but to Darius’ point, I mean, growth is going to continue to be funded.
Greg Lewis: Yes, Josh, it’s actually – it’s really hard to parse it and be able to say for sure. I mean, we think, we probably lost 2 to 3 points of growth in the first quarter due to some of these issues. And to be honest, it’s not like I know what they’re going to be. Until people movement becomes freer, we’re going to struggle with service and project execution in the Solutions businesses. While social distancing norms become clear in the factories, that’s going to have an influence over capacity and attendance and so on. But it’s near impossible for us to put a number on that, which is probably why we shared greater than – down greater than this type of a number as opposed to some level of precision, because it’s changing almost daily and it’s different in every region of the country. It’s going to be different in certain States in the U.S. And so I wish I could provide you something more precise, but frankly that’s part of the reason why our level of visibility is precluding us from giving more precise guidance.
Greg Lewis: Yes, I think as you described earlier, Darius, that the bigger variable will be the new plane, old plane situation. If people are buying lots of new planes, that’s going to have a different effect. If they’re running the older equipment and not taking new deliveries, that’s going to affect that as well. So these are some of the variables that we’ll have to see how they play out here over the coming quarters.
