Vimal Kapur: Thank you, Greg. I'd like to take a minute to zoom out from the quarterly results to emphasize the long-term journey, Honeywell is on. As you can see from the chart on slide, Honeywell has made tremendous progress, whether it's accelerating organic growth, expanding gross margins and segment margin, or growing free cash flow, we have come a long way, but we are not closed down, and we have identified a critical lever that will enable us reach even higher level of financial performance. We remain committed to our long-term growth as good term that we discussed during our May Investor Day and during 2023 guidance closely aligned with this framework. We carefully track our progression towards achieving our targets and remain confident in our ability to accelerate growth, achieved 25% segment margin and expand gross margin to above 40% and free cash flow margins to mid-teens and beyond. As I said in May, my priorities as CEO include accelerating organic growth and enhancing our innovation playbook, growing our sustainability and digitization capability and maintaining our leadership position in high growth regions. I also plan to evolve the accelerating operating system to drive incremental value through business model optimization. Additionally, Honeywell has undergone substantial internal transformation, the result of which you can see in our top line and bottom line improvements over the last decade. I plan to further optimize the portfolio through strategic capital deployment and reduce exposure to non-core areas. [3Ds] (ph) announced this quarter demonstrated the strength of our M&A pipeline and our commitment to deploy capital. I'm excited to lead the change for this next phase of transformation for Honeywell, and I'm confident in our ability to deliver superior returns for our shareholders, as we deploy our global design model across our portfolio, we are uncovering substantial opportunities to capture value whether it is expanding margins, driving incremental sales growth or generating more cash, and we will continue to update you as these efforts translate increasingly into enhanced financial performance. Now let's turn into slide eight into closing part before we move into Q&A. Honeywell executed very well in what remains a very dynamic operating environment. We'll continue to effectively manage through ongoing external factors by delivering on our commitment by relying on our value creation framework. The macro economy remains challenging, and the timing of our short-cycle acceleration is uncertain, but with ongoing strength in our two biggest end markets, Aerospace and Energy combined with operating rigor you have come to expect from Honeywell we are confident in our ability to weather near-term challenges and meet our performance targets. Thank you all to our Honeywell colleagues who continue to enable us outperform in any environment. With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. So, I think the key is the comps of Advanced Materials to 2022, we grew more than 20% last year. So, combine that with some of the weaknesses we see in electronic material side, we are having a moderate year for the Advanced Materials this year. We do expect markets to turn better during second half and more importantly in 2024. To your question on capacity expansion, we remain very excited. In fact, in the next trough cycle, we expect more capital investment increase our capacity for Advanced Material for some of the existing offering and potentially some new offering. So overall, we remain very bullish on Advanced Materials portfolio.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So Steve, we are conscious of our margin rates in HBT and make careful selection of our projects which have adequate margins and strong service. So, I think given that choice we make, you can see impact of that in margin expansion of Building Technologies, and that comes to a certain degree at the organic growth rate. So, it's a choice to be made, and we want to deliver both an ideal word but we remain biased more towards growth in margin expansion versus the top line growth.
Vimal Kapur: So Sheila, our deliveries for the year are pretty well aligned with all OEs, both on the transport as well as on the business jet side. We have our commits to all key OEMs on for Q3, Q4, and our projections are based upon those commit rates. So I can't comment on their commitments to their customers, but we are pretty well aligned our commits to them. And our revenue growth and our volume growth is linked to that. And it's going to be pretty strong. I mean, we expect the momentum in Aerospace not to change, in 2023 or for that matter even in 2024. Our backlog is extremely strong and our supply chain continues to improve every quarter.
Vimal Kapur: So, Scott, I mean, we have publicly stated that we would like to monetize value of the quantum investment we have made in Quantinuum. And as the markets are more ready for IPO, which probably are here for a while, we are getting prepared for that. So, we are doing everything towards that endgame, and the strategy hasn't changed to create more value for our shareholders at appropriate time through an IPO for that business.
Vimal Kapur: Look, I mean, we are definitely seeing better bookings for Forge for buildings. But one fact I would like to state is that business runs on a SaaS model. So even a large booking, the revenue recognition process is different from traditional perpetual license-based model. So the revenue accretion is going to spread over multiple years for that. And we are consciously make that decision because rather than showing a short-term win, we are more biasing out ourselves towards more recurring revenue model there as I've chatted before. So that's why you see lesser impact, but we are scoring wins in Forge for buildings. And I continue to remain very bullish on that segment.
Vimal Kapur: So I'll start with HBT, turn to Greg for respond to SPS question. I think HBT from a geographic perspective, Europe continues to be where we want have better outcome. I think that's a bit of a drag at this point. The strength is in high growth regions. We see strength in Middle East, India and China in buildings and North America is more of, I would say, sequentially no change within the business. So that's kind of our overall dynamic. On the channel side, I mean, the channel demand will be determined by the end market demand. So we -- it's a very short-cycle business. So we don't see any dynamics of channels having less or more inventory at the in the HBT business. Maybe Greg, do you want to respond to SPS question.
Vimal Kapur: If our business model and HBT is combination of serving the market both through direct and channel. So we have to make choice what business we want to serve direct and what business we want to serve through channels. And in direct, we want to pick projects which have a strong first party content and aftermarket services. So given that algorithm, we make choices with that rule. And I -- we are sensitive to drive top line growth, but we are not going to compromise to book projects which are lower margins and show shining top line growth without any margin expansion. That has been our principles. And the reason we are quite determined on the principle is it takes one bad project to deteriorate the entire business and the portfolio. So we remain committed to that model. And I'm not suggesting that we will not see growth in Building Technologies. I do believe that as energy efficiency becomes more prominent across the board, our energy business there will do well, and we will deliver more growth in the project side of the house too. But that remains our overarching --
Vimal Kapur: Okay. On total Honeywell basis, I mean, organic growth on the top end of our range is my biggest priority. I stated that in Investor Day, it's something I want to make my contribution in my tenure is how we growth at a higher rate. Now we are having favorable macros in two of our biggest SPGs, both in Aero and PMT. So on the strength of that and if we couple that with the right new products, I see no reason that we should be delivering our growth in upper end of our four to seven algorithms. And that's what I work on every day and continue to drive our new product execution and then M&A accelerating our overall growth algorithm. That remains my top commitment.
Vimal Kapur: Sure. So, Josh, if I look at each of the three segments, our Automation Business Process Solution has increasingly reduced its dependence on oil and gas. It has diversified very well in other end markets, energy storage, the gigafactory, metals and mining, etcetera. So we can see that in the growth rate of revenue generation for Process Solutions, and we remain very bullish on that business for 2023 and 2024. The UOP segment, our strategy has been to grow our business into sustainable technology, renewable fuels, clean hydrogen, carbon capture, and we see pretty strong bookings in our sustainable technologies business. Just as a data point, now we have licensed 40 renewable fuel projects till Q3, and on a path to be 50 by I would say Q1 of 2024, which I mentioned in couple of earlier Investor meetings. So, UOP Business is becoming also less linked to traditional refining petrochemicals, but fast moving towards renewable technology. And in Advanced Materials, our business is very specialty chemicals, our product line continues to grow. We see some pressure in electronic materials, which is reflected in our overall growth rates. But we do expect that to turn back into normalcy in 2024. So overall, the extremely positive outcome and bullish view on PMT for second half of 2023 and 2024. The booking rates remain strong, backlog is very strong, new innovation pipeline is very, very strong. So, all good news there.
Vimal Kapur: So, the way we have guided it, we are short-cycle orders have stabilized and we're expecting similar trend over the next few months and our guide is based upon that. We are expecting stronger performance in warehouse automation orders because our pipeline has become better, but that will really strengthen 2024 position given the long-cycle nature of the business. And that's our forecast right now, and we'll continue to update you if things change.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So in Defense, our bookings remain very, very strong. So, we are working our supply chain constraints there, and we do expect our delivery performance to be better in second half versus first half. So we had low-single-digits in the first half of the year. We expect the year to finish more in the mid-single digits for the Defense business.
Vimal Kapur: And also, I should also mention we see longer term for the defense business, pretty strong demand outside United States. As you can all imagine, the recent war in Ukraine, has created more higher budgets by different comments. And we clearly see those signals coming to us in terms of demand from NATO Countries, other friendly countries, and that will play out even more stronger for the Defense business in the times to come.
Vimal Kapur: Sure. So, the pipeline is growing very nicely and that gives us a little bit more optimism on better orders performance for the business in the second half of the year. And the part of where the pipeline growth is driven by much more diversified end markets we serve now. So we are not limited to e-commerce. We are diversified into retail, into fashion, into logistics. So that wider coverage is giving us better pipeline and we are anticipating good progress in the orders in the second half of the year. On the aftermarket flywheel, I would say it's been working now. We are growing double-digits in aftermarket in 2023 and will cross our aftermarket business more than $0.5 billion in bookings and pretty much nearly the same revenue for the year. And we don't expect the momentum to stop. That's our strength. Honeywell has strong playbook on how to drive aftermarket services, and that's the value we'll continue to add into the business. And our strength in that business in 2024, therefore, we anticipate low to moderate growth, but very strong margin expansion because we continue to build more business with more first party content and very strong aftermarket. And we couple the two together, we do expect pretty healthy margin growth in warehouse automation business in 2024.
Vimal Kapur: So orders, orders remain pretty strong in first half for UOP and HPS and we expect to finish here strong in both the businesses, I would say, high-single-digit orders growth in both UOP and HPS. And I explained the rationale of it. In HPS, it's more diversified end markets, and our strength of our aftermarket business there. And in UOP, it is diversifying to renewable technologies. And as they become more and more important part of our portfolio, it continues to grow the business. And UOP, the catalyst business continues to have a lot of strength in both refining and petrochemical catalysts. Advanced Materials, as I mentioned, 2022 was an outstanding year 20% plus growth. So our comps year-on-year are tough. The margin rates are driven by some of the launch shutdown, which we had announced earlier. So that certainly put pressure on our cost positions, and then some contraction in electronic materials business, which is depressing our margins. But overall, let's say still highest margin business in the PMT portfolio, and as mentioned before, with the potential capacity expansion coming in years to come, this business is poised to perform very well in our portfolio.
Vimal Kapur: Look Andrew, the pipeline remains extremely strong. We are actively working more outbound activities in M&A and remain very optimistic if we can get the deals done at the right price. Because one thing we're not going to compromise is our deal metrics. We want to stay disciplined to create shareholder value, but at the same time our number of opportunities in the play are at the much higher elevated level compared to this time in the past. So, Anne if you want to add any comment from your perspective,
Vimal Kapur: Thank you. Our value creation framework is working. We are deploying our rigorous operating playbook to navigate near-term uncertainty. Honeywell remains well positioned to outperform in any environment as we capitalize on recovering end markets combined with solid operational execution. Thank you all, our Honeywell colleagues, who continue to drive differentiated performance for all our customers and shareholders. Thank you for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So, the OE incentives, we haven't disclosed the exact amount of them, but first half is going to be a little lighter than the second half in terms of those OE incentives. So, that's why when we talk about the full year margins, still being flattish, even though we had a pretty strong Q2, I think that's really what's going on in that regard.
Greg Lewis: Sure. So I would say if we take IGS first, our order rates are down meaningfully as we've talked about as -- but when we look at overall pipeline, we're starting to see the pipeline are build back to a little bit better levels. That may not occur immediately, but we see if there is a chance that we've maybe growing again in 2024 that will really be dictated by how the back half orders really come in. But we are starting to see a little bit more strength in the pipeline, which I think is a positive. As it relates to the short-cycle businesses, what we talk about, it's down year-on-year because the first half of the year was particularly high, but we're seeing stabilization in the last two to three quarters have been either going up sequentially or staying roughly flat. So, I think we've reached this stabilization point on a short-cycle. And as and when some of those markets begin to recover then we'll see some growth. So as we think about SPS overall, I would expect it's going to grow in 2024. It's probably not going to be at the high-end of our growth rate for our SPGs, but that's how we see it with the data that's coming through right now.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So, SPS is likely to be down in the fourth quarter. So I would say it's not going to be flattish, it's going to be probably more like down. I think 3Q and 2Q are going to look pretty similar to one another, and then we'll get a little bit of a normal seasonal bump in the fourth quarter. So, that's the way I would think about the progression for SPS top line overall.
Greg Lewis: Yes. And I would just say, Joe, we have -- the teams have resized their costs envelope to the current reality, and as and when the short-cycle businesses reaccelerate, you can imagine those are very high margin at the BCM level and that will create a lot of acceleration from a margin rate standpoint. So the margin rates that we’re going to be printing now or going to be within a higher band until we see that acceleration come, but their business is poised for it. And we'll see, is that going to be Q4, is it going to be Q1, remains to be seen, but we've sized the business properly and there's going to be a fairly substantial leverage opportunity when that acceleration happens.
Greg Lewis: Yes. I mean that business was around $200 million of the total in [‘18] (ph) by 2022, it doubled to roughly $400 million. As Vimal said, this year is going to be over $500 million.
Greg Lewis: Yes, Nicole, if you think about this year, we're literally going to progress each and every quarter sequentially a little bit better we picked up about 110 basis points sequentially from 1Q to 2Q. We expect some additional sequential improvement in Q3 and then again in Q4. So I think as we get to the end of the year, it'll look like modest year-over-year for the full year, but it's going to be a nice sequential step up quarter-to-quarter.
