Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 9 to discuss an important topic, Honeywell 's culture, inclusion, and diversity. Our commitment to inclusion and diversity, enables better decision-making, helps build competitive advantages, and further long-term success. Inclusion and diversity is 1 of our foundational principles, and Honeywell expects all employees to exemplify these principles. We continue to build on our initiatives to promote racial equality and inclusion and diversity, including employing mandatory unconscious bias training through our global workforce, establishing our Global I&D Steering Committee, co-sponsored by me, and fortifying Honeywell 's I&D governance structure by embedding I&D councils into each business group. We also established 2021 goals for each of my direct reports that include an annual objective for driving diversity with his or her organization. These initiatives had yielded results. Women and people of color represent a higher percentage of the workforce at Honeywell compared to our peers. In addition, representation of women and people of color in Honeywell has increased each year since 2018, which is a testament to our ongoing commitment to hiring, developing, and retaining diverse talent. Now let's wrap up on slide 10. We delivered on our third quarter commitments despite a challenging backdrop. As always, we remain laser-focused on executing our strategic objectives and investing in growth opportunities that positions our business well for the next phase of recovery. We're executing on our proven value-creation framework. It's the rigor you can expect from Honeywell, which will continue to consistently drive shareholder value. With that, Reena, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, the short answer to your question, Steve, is that yeah, we do expect our first half to grow. And I think how much, it could be a little bit dependent upon some of the supply chain challenges that we pointed out that we're seeing in Q4. Frankly, we see it this way, which is on semiconductors, we actually see some positive tailwinds as we head into the first half next year. So that's good. I don't think it's going to be completely alleviated, but it's going to get better. When it comes to some of the other components, particularly for Aerospace and some of the tier 2, tier 3 suppliers, particularly castings, forgings, things of that nature, we're not sure where we are in that improvement cycle, because it really just kind of popped up in Q3 in a more space, so we're a little more cautious there. But the short answer is, we do expect growth in the first half of 2022. what I will say is that we have -- we'll have some headwinds in SPS due to what I call COVID -related math. But I think those are going to be particularly in Q1 of next year. They're evident here in Q4 of '21 and to a lesser extent, Q2 of 2022. And then it's going to -- we're going to get back to that normal run rate. So we -- as you can see, I mean, the year '22 is setting up terrific. I mean, we're up double-digit orders growth in each of our SBGs. One exception, SPS has sort of call it mid single-digits. But if you exclude the impact of the COVID mask, we would be up double-digit as well. so the only constraint that we see, to some extent, the supply chain. And at least in semiconductors, we think that Q4 is the peak of those challenges. That's the way we see it today. Now, I will say this lastly, which is, it's a dynamic environment. There were some puts and takes here, for you to read that were probably more takes than positives. So we're going to monitor this closely as Q4 evolves.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think it's -- all I can say is we expect growth in the first half and when we get together with you in January, February to give you our outlook, we'll have a better view. But we certainly expect growth. The backlog supports that. And our story hasn't changed from really the end of Q2 earnings report. I think the setup for Honeywell for '22, '23. is terrific. There's nothing here that makes me want to change my mind. Yes, we're going to have to deal with some supply chain challenges. They're here, they're real, they're probably understated in the market. I think that, frankly, it's only recently that they -- it's been realized how severe they are. But we've incorporated that in our guide for Q4. And I think we're working diligently to try to resolve but, I mean, we've been at this for 12 weeks now. And it's not just one way, it's not just pushing suppliers harder. It's also doing redesign, alternative products, finding different ways to generate revenue. So I think we've got a pretty good playbook, but I won't understate this. The challenges are real and very substantial.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. Okay. So, Julian, a couple of points. On Defense and Space, as you saw, we head up frankly a bit of a disappointing double-digit negative for Q3. But remember that had we not sort of had some of these supply chain challenge, which really became very evident in Q3. Because think about these as Q3, Q4 suppliers, which are smaller, which reduced capacity during the pandemic. And now we're getting a lot of demand, not just from us, but probably some of the other Aerospace players. It's going to take some time to work through that, but we would've been down mid single-digits in Q3 had debt not happen. We have, unfortunately, more pass through than we want. Defense and Space that went up substantially in Q3 and we've got to work our way through that. What I will tell you about Defense and Space is if you look at our bookings or where we are at this cycle, early Q4 versus where we were at the same period of last year, that gives us some -- well, quite a bit of confidence that we're looking at flat to low-single-digits. That could get even better; I don't know that they are going to get a lot worse. What we're seeing here is, if you recall, if you go back to 2020, we had very strong orders and revenue in 2020 in Defense and Space. Then you see the effect of some level of usage and destocking by some of those Defense and Space customers and distributors. So we're optimistic about normalizing that in '22. And based on what we see today, and this is important to say today and that could change, we see flattish to low single-digit growth. And let's now switch gears and talk about commercial aftermarket. We see that continuing improvement. You saw that strong growth in Q3, we think it's going to continue to get better. We're still nowhere near the 2019 levels, but it continues to get better. As you know, November 8th, we're going to open up the borders and more international traffic is going to step up. So as more international comes back, as COVID abates, which we think were going to happen here in Q4 and Q1 next year, we see continued growth in our aftermarket coupled with stronger growth in OE, both in air transport as well as BGA. So the setup for Aerospace, I think for '22 is quite good. Greg, I don't know if you  to that.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I know, that's -- I can. So think about the impact in Q3 about 300 million plus or minus, and think about what's embedded in our Q4 outlook of an impact of 300 to 500. Now in terms of loss forever versus pushed, it's not lost forever. I mean, as I talked about, some of our -- fortunately some of our pass throughs going up, and that went up 200 million to 300 million just in Q3, so it's not lost. We've got to be able to get our supply chain to function more effectively and efficiently, and that's exactly what Torsten and his team are working on. And -- but it's -- we don't envision that as loss. The customers still need for those products. And frankly, I think when this earnings cycle ends, I don't think we're going to be that unique in terms of some of the bottlenecks that we're seeing.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. Well, yeah, first of all, Nicole, I don't -- cost cutting is not what we're doing. We're actually investing this year, particularly in businesses like Intelligrated, which are growing at clips that probably no other business has seen before. And just -- but on the biggest  here, and I think one of the best operational stories for Honeywell that you see here in Q3 is our pricing discipline. I mean, we think we gained in terms of price cost, 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion. And that's what you're seeing come through in our margins. I mean, I think that was a terrific commercial execution by the team and they did a great job. So this is not so much a function of cost cutting, this is more of a function of commercial execution.
Darius Adamczyk: And just to add to that, Greg, this is an important point. Honeywell digital kind of has two elements. Number 1 is, it helps us to operate the business better, and Torsten and his team have done a great job instrumenting, exactly how do we uncork some of these bottlenecks that we're seeing. It's not perfection, it's not that we're going to completely avoid on. But I think we're doing a nice job. And second of all, which is continue to drive productivity as Greg pointed out, through automation. Automation is a big lever for us and one that frankly we're using aggressively both in our manufacturing facilities but also in the office . And it's been enabling us to drive productivity.
Darius Adamczyk: It's a very good question, Jeff, and we've thought about that one. And you're right. With aged backlog, you got to be very, very careful. Because if you don't go back and revisit your backlog and re-price it, then you're going to have a problem. And I can tell you that's a very active exercise we're doing because as you can imagine, I mean, whether -- just to quote some figures, steel is up 198% year-over-year, nickel 25%, copper 46%, aluminum 66%. I mean, these are fairly substantial increases. So what we've been doing in more or less all of our businesses, in particularly long-cycle ones, is trying to go back and re-price some of our backlog. You kind of almost have to do that because -- and that's even mentioned labor inflation, which we're also seeing. So it's part of our playbook -- part of our exercise, and exactly we've been trying to do.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, let me start at the UOP question, I'll turn it over to Torsten for the other. I mean, UOP's bookings remain very, very strong. You saw that both in revenue and booking rates here in Q3, so we're optimistic. And keep in mind, which really gets us excited also, and I talked about this before, HPS follows UOP by a 12 - to 18-month cycle. So if UOP leads, HPS follows. And so that sort of gives you another good indicator that we should see a nice impact on -- in HPS 12 to 18 months from now. We've done this analysis before, and that's the typical lead-lag cycle. So not only is this good news -- and let's face it, we all read the same articles that world needs more energy. Some of this is going to come from renewables, but frankly, some of it is going to have to come from hydrocarbons as well. So we think that that's overall the world right now is energy short and there's going to be a reinvestment cycle, both in renewables and to some extent, hydrocarbons. I'll turn it over to Torsten.
Darius Adamczyk: First of all, we actually -- just to give you a data point from Q3. Our growth in China continues to be robust. We were up high single-digits in Q3 and we actually don't see that abating, so our position in China continues to be very good. Our orders rate continue to be -- as you know, there's probably a focus in China right now to actually generate more energy, particularly to support the industry right now that's happening in Q4. So we actually think that's going to create a very favorable investment environment and business opportunity for us. And the other business opportunity for us which we're very excited about, is a focus in China on sustainability. And when we think about some of the UOP, HPS solutions in our sustainability technology solutions business, that's going to create a giant opportunity for us in China, and, frankly, one we're very excited about. So we think that there's going to be a two-fold opportunity here. I think there's going to be a reinvestment cycle, what I call a little bit more of the traditional energy. But really an accelerated and more pronounced investment cycle in renewables. And as you know, we have a really strong position in China. And we think we could be a major player in that sustainability by.
Darius Adamczyk: I think M&A is still the desired way to deploy capital. I mean, we just -- we have done Sparta this year, although it didn't require cash, we think the CQC Honeywell Quantum Solutions is a very important and meaningful transaction. Yeah, it's a merger, not a deployment of capital, but never the less, it is a transaction that's critical for us, we just didn't perform . It's a smaller acquisition, but it's a critically important one. And you see a little bit of a pattern, right? Sparta, Life Sciences, performance -- Performix, Life Sciences, we like that segment and we're going to continue to look. with this level of -- with this kind of interest rate environment that we have today, the M&A market is overheated. It is what it is. But I've said, we're not going to stay on the sidelines forever. I mean, yes, versus any historical metric, the multiples are hot. But -- and I don't love it but the market is what the market is. It doesn't mean we're going to stay on the sidelines forever and wait for some turn. I mean, it's been this way. If interest rates go up, I do think we'll probably cool off a little bit, so which may allow us to be even more active. But we are active, we're looking at numerous deals and nothing is a 100% the role of M&A s but we're hopeful we're going to be able to get something done. And certainly, once we deploy our capital in that way but it has to be the right business. It has to fit our technology orientation. It has to be at the right value for us, going over nothing is cheap these days. And we're thrilled in what we're doing it with Sparta, I think that's been -- looking back at this, it's been about 6 months plus since we've acquired that Company. It's going to be a winner. I'm very confident of that.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, well, as you know, the fastest-growing business in SBS isn't calibrated. It is margin-deluded, we've been talking about that. And look, that business grew 60% this quarter. Any business growing at that kind of pace is going to have some challenges. But you coupled that kind of level of growth, which pulls on things like electronics, steel, metal, With the supply chain challenges we have, it's going to have some efficiency challenges, particularly since it's -- there's a strong correlation between third party by, our own manufacturing, and installation. And when those things don't work together well, there's some challenges. I can tell you we're investing heavily in that business to really prepare it to be a $4 billion, $5 billion, $6 billion business, which is the path that it's on. There's an investment play, there's an efficiency play, and so on. Having said that, a lot of our other businesses, such as AST, such as TSS have been absolutely terrific for. PSS has been a great success story for us. It's winning in the marketplace. So we think that this sort of margin challenged going to abate over time, particularly as we made some of the process improvements and investments in Honeywell.
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I think this is becoming fairly obvious, and we all read the same articles and see what's going on, which is -- there's going to have to be a reinvestment cycle. As much as we all want sustainable and renewable technologies to take over sort of energy needs tomorrow, it's probably going to be a little bit of a longer-term. And it's very clear to me that there's going to be a reinvestment cycle. We're seeing a good reinvestment cycle when I call some of the shorter project refurbishment, focused it in the installed base, but we're strong believers there's going to be fairly strong reinvestment cycle in '22 and '23 here. I think that's necessary. So we're bullish on that segment. And certainly the price of oil, price of gas support that kind of investment. I mean, when you look at gas and oil, they are very, very attractive levels. What we nee now is some level of stability. So that's good. But let me give you a couple of other specific data points, Deane. Our renewable fuel orders this past quarter were up 86%. And I think we forget sometimes that we just characterize UOP as oil and gas. It is not just oil and gas, it has an incredibly strong Green Fuels portfolio, which is winning in the marketplace, where we can see an 86% growth. Also, some of our energy storage controls orders were up 64% this past quarter in our HPS business. So those are just a couple of data points for you that we are very excited about the energy future. We have a portfolio that's going to play on it. Having said that, there is going to have to be a reinvestment cycle and in what I call the all-energy infrastructure.
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong third quarter results and we continued to navigate effectively through uncertainty, while gaining traction in key strategic growth factors in positioning ourselves to capitalize on improving key end-markets. Thank you all for listening and please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
Greg Lewis: And that's why we have such a wide guidance range for the fourth quarter, $400 million of revenue range is wider than we're typically doing and it's exactly for those .
Greg Lewis: Yes, I would agree. I mean, if you think about it, Nicole, last year, obviously, we were in a substantial cost-cutting mode and our repositioning pipeline and the projects around that reflected it. This year, we always say that we continue the productivity playbook, fix cost power one, create operating leverage by growing sales and holding fixed cost flat as just a mantra of the way we work. And so to Darius' point, we're not doing massive cost cutting. We are being smart about where we're putting it back though, and we are using the things that we spoke about last year in terms of automation in our digital capabilities to help us deliver. I mean, I'll be honest. This -- the supply chain work they were doing, the Torsten and the team are doing are very much enabled by our Honeywell digital tools and capabilities, and some of the visibility that he's put into his own capabilities and supply chain to manage. So this isn't about cutting cost, it's about managing them properly. And we are investing back in the business, as Darius mentioned. But we're going to be doing it diligently. So I feel pretty good about the margin rate expansion. You would see the implied margin rate expansion is a little bit lower than what our guide was previously, simply because the sales numbers are down. So we have a little bit less operating leverage from an opportunity standpoint, but still very healthy margin expansion in Q4.
Greg Lewis: Yes. I would just echo that. I mean, we've always talked about this as creating end market for ourselves for -- to follow later with service as a software, that's still our expectation. As Darius mentioned, when the material availability doesn't match up with the installation, labor, it becomes challenging. And that's really what we're facing right now. We'll get through it. But this availability of material throughout the supply chain creates some big challenges when you're seeing this type of growth.
Greg Lewis: Yeah, this is one of the places where the electronics shortages are very acute. And so just the Fire business in particular uses some very specific semiconductors, which have been extremely short. I think Doug Wright and the supply chain team have done a very good job of trying to free up capacity from other distribution points. They've also been doing -- we talked a little bit about the re-engineering work, they've done a lot of re-engineering to try to include different chip sets into some of their platforms. So this one is really pretty acutely tied to the whole capacity expansion that's going on in the fab industry. So I think we're going to feel this. We talked about the fourth quarter and into the first half of the year and this is one of the businesses that I think we're going to feel that probably more than others. But it will come to an end. I think it's a very -- it's not a thousand parts. It's measured in like tens of parts here.
