Elena Doom: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and welcome to Honeywell's first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. This call and the webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at www.honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of this presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change, and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. This morning we will review our financial results for the first quarter, as well as share with you our expectations for the second quarter and our revised guidance for 2011 and, of course, allow time for your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Great, Dave. Thanks. Stephanie, if you can open the line. We'll take our first question and would ask that we try to answer as many Q&A as possible, and we'll plan to stop at 10:30.
Elena Doom: So, John, in the repositioning in other line item, in addition to be $44 million of repositioning that Dave talked about, we also had our normal run rate expenses for asbestos and environmental, which comprised the $133 million. And then the gains on sale of businesses were partially offset by the debt redemption costs.
Elena Doom: Yes. So, John, to build on that comment a little bit, turbo penetration in Japan is really less than about 10%. So reduced production rates at the major Japanese OEMs, which is primarily where you're seeing the disruption in the OEM build schedule, isn't going to affect us.
Elena Doom: Sure. So, Bob, I mean, I think, what we're seeing is an improvement in residential retrofit, primarily in ECC driven by some pent-up demand given that we're in the crux of the home renovation season, which really stalled in 2009 and even in the beginning of 2010. And, in addition, we're benefiting from some of our share gains on the Combustion Valves business and also in the Security Products business, which is contributing to growth in the quarter, Bob, and we see that, obviously, sustaining itself. And then lastly, I think you're seeing, obviously, the benefit on the commercial retrofit side from favorable macro trends in energy efficiency with good pull-through of new products.
Elena Doom: We put a CAGR on it, right, in terms of 16% growth, and we're already tracking above that at the 20% clip that you mentioned, Dave.
Elena Doom: All right. Let's just hand it over to Dave Cote for any final comments you may have before we end the call.
David Cote: Thanks, Elena. As you saw from our press release last night, lots of cabbage this quarter. We had a tremendous start to 2011. We had better-than-expected performance across the portfolio yielding EPS above the guidance we provided you early last month. Sales of $8.9 billion were up 15% and above the high end of our guidance reflecting continued improvement in our end markets, growth from new products and geographic expansion.  We generated EPS of $0.88 reflecting an impressive 40% increase over 2010, which was also good as you'll recall. Segment margins expanded 120 basis points to 14.5% in the quarter, reflecting margin expansion in every business. This really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance, volume leverage and continued cost controls while maintaining our growth investments, our seed planting for the future.  We generated $433 million of free cash flow in the quarter excluding the $1 billion pension contribution made in January. In the quarter, we had a higher segment profit partially offset by higher working capital to support the sales increases we're seeing in the businesses and the higher CapEx as planned. Given the strength of our first quarter financial performance and improving end market conditions, we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect earnings in the range of $3.80 to $3.95 a share, reflecting a 27% to 32% increase in earnings over the prior year.  The strong momentum we've seen across our end markets is being supplemented by the results of our seed planting initiatives throughout the portfolio. While our early cycle businesses including the Advanced materials, ACS products and Turbo continue to show record growth, our longer-cycle businesses including Process Solutions and UOP are really kicking in with double-digit growth in the quarter.  Aerospace's commercial aftermarket saw spares orders increased 28%, significantly outpacing flight hours. Further, our investments and focus in emerging regions are really paying off. Sales in Asia-Pacific were up strongly, reflecting good growth in China and minimal disruption from the situation in Japan in the quarter. Fortunately, all our employees and sites are okay, and while we have virtually no direct impact in our businesses from Tier 1 supply chain issues affecting our production, we continue to monitor potential future risks from the electronic components that could impact global automotive OE and aircraft production rates.  Our strong quarterly performance and improved outlook for 2011 reinforce that our strategy is working. Having great positions in good industries, the power of One Honeywell, our consistent focus on improving every year in each of our 5 initiatives, the seed planting, it really does make a difference. With that, I'll turn it to Dave.
David Cote: I think it's more of a case, Scott, where we might just got a little ahead of where we see the sales going. And I fully expect all this to convert and then will get us get -- as they do a better job there than we did in this first quarter. So that's all it is. HOS is still going along swimmingly.
David Cote: Yes, it's not going to -- I suppose you could say it puts some pressure on having to do 2 things at the same time. But it's not the first time our guys have been confronted with something like that. Just like you could say is the recession a tougher time to be getting HOS done because you got all kinds of cost pressures. We did it then. It's just a different kind of problem you have to manage. That's all.
David Cote: Our strategy hasn't changed here, John. Onetime gains we always use -- we always redeploy and use as a way to make the business better in the future.
David Cote: I'd say, John, another thing we don't know yet that we did talk about in the earlier comments, just to reinforce is, you don't know to the extent that somebody is a Tier 3 or Tier 4 supplier in Japan, the Western auto manufacturers, and we don't know that yet. I mean, we don't think there's an issue there, but we don't know yet.
David Cote: I would say if there's something there, John, it's not enough to move the needle. I would say it's given us some very nice publicity for our T-Hawk,, that remote-controlled helicopter, which, as you know, has been used extensively there now to be able to take pictures and do it in high radiation areas. And I think we're going to see more attention there. But even there I wouldn't say it's going to move the needle.
David Cote: I'd also add, Jeff, that like all our businesses, there's opportunity to get operationally better here, and each business continues to just get better and better, quarter-by-quarter.
David Cote: I think the way to think about it is the way we always say is it's going to depend upon where the opportunities are. And if M&A is too rich, we're not going to do it. We haven't lost our discipline there. And to the extent that we have the reserves and we don't see opportunities, then share repurchases come into play. But at the end of the day, we're always going to be opportunistic about what makes the most sense for the company and the share owners.
David Cote: Well, the funnel always looks good. We work pretty hard at keeping up a good-sized funnel. As we pointed out at the investor conference, one of the things that makes us, I'd say, more adept when it comes to not overpaying is making sure that you have lots of other opportunities. That being said, we're going to continue to be very cautious because it's an area where we like being 10 for 10.
David Cote: No. And, certainly, we don't encourage that. I would say that one of the commercial practices we've worked very hard to purge throughout the company going back 8 or 9 years ago. So we don't encourage that with either terms, price, anything else. We certainly don't encourage it, and we haven't gotten that sense from our customers.
David Cote: Well, as far as I'm concerned, Honeywell is still on the top of the first. We've still got a lot of opportunity left to go. And, also, I like my job, and I'd say the difference you're seeing in terms of let it rip is not so much that as it is if you went back 6, 7 years ago, there really was no pipeline. We didn't have a pipeline of products. We really finalized our great positions in good industries. We didn't have a great geographic presence then. All those things have changed. And the thing I could promise you is the results you're seeing now are not a result of trying to shortchange anything for the future. If anything, we're accelerating that because we now have more resources to do it with. So [indiscernible] here we are and where we're going, and it's my intent to own my shares 10 years after I retire because things are just continuing to go well.
David Cote: Well, it was a wonderful start for the year, and I think a real validation of our consistent focus. Our strategy, our focus, our seed planting, none of this has changed. And I say this a lot, but relentlessly executing, day-by-day, quarter-by-quarter gets you to amazing places over time. And I think our first quarter performance and our total year commitment are really just terrific evidence of that point. Thanks for listening.
David Anderson: Great. Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide #4 entitled Financial Summary. To start at the top, again, reported sales of 15% to $8.9 billion, 11% organic growth in the quarter, so another strong organic growth quarter for Honeywell. We saw greater-than-expected growth in every region, the Americas and Europe were both up 10%, China and India were up 23% and 43%, respectively. Acquisitions in the quarter contributed 3% growth. Currency was a slight tailwind that rounded to just 1%. Segment profit up 25%. Segment margins just terrific, 14.5%, reflecting good conversion in the quarter. And as I take you through the business highlights, you'll see the businesses are doing a terrific job managing in this higher inflationary environment, while also continuing to invest for growth.  Earnings per share at $0.88 were up 40% over the same period last year, considerably higher than the estimate that we gave you back in March. And just a couple of comments on that. The better-than-expected earnings performance was driven by higher sales, better conversion in the quarter, primarily in Specialty Materials, also Commercial Aerospace and our short cycle ACS products businesses. Repositioning spend in the quarter was $44 million net. That was 100% funded by below-the-line gains, mainly the sale of the Automotive Sensors business. In addition, we absorbed a $29 million charge in the quarter related to the early redemption of debt that otherwise would have matured in 2012, a smart move lowering our overall interest expense carry, and you saw the evidence of that in the very successful bond offering in the first quarter. Free cash flow came in as expected. Dave mentioned that $433 million in the quarter reflecting higher working capital to support online growth and also higher CapEx investment. Dave, I think it's probably fair to say the only thing we would say that was disappointing to us at all in the quarter was just inventory, and that we've got opportunities as we go through the year now that we know that's going to work itself out.
David Anderson: Well, I think we saw a good contribution from reloads. It was the majority of the catalyst sales in the quarter. It's about 2/3 of the catalyst sales in the quarter. And I think that trend's going to continue. And I think standing back from the reloads and just kind of reinforcing what the themes for today is, we had good growth in UOP in the quarter, but we're going to have even better growth in UOP as we progress through the year.
David Anderson: So it's really going to be a leader in terms of when you look at our organic growth. That's going to be a strong contributor to our organic growth profile over the rest of 2011.
David Anderson: Yes, well, what we had was we had about a $40 million gain, pretax gain, on Automotive Sensors business. We also had another minor, minor gain during the quarter. Essentially think of it this way, John. Those gains on sales on nonstrategic business essentially funded the repositioning. That's sort of a 1-for-1, so just think of it that way. And then obviously in addition, the other thing that we had during the quarter was the debt retirement that we spoke about, which is a net positive, will be a net positive for us. When we look forward in terms of the interest expense guidance for the full year, we'll benefit from that. So that was also in the non-operating piece of the quarter. There really -- Elena, I think there was much movement beyond that from the other pieces.
David Anderson: I think that's a key contributor, John. I mean, that's a very, very good point. I think the other thing, and to the degree that we can't really quantify this, but it just makes sense, that to the degree that Japan built automobiles were in shorter supply. Obviously, that has created an opportunity for some of our customers, more significant in terms of Turbo customers, to sell their products. So we're going to see some of that actually as we progress through the second quarter, which will mitigate some of the supply disruption that we saw. The other thing is, it's against the backdrop of improved macros, overall automotive production up nice, a higher diesel penetration, stable diesel penetration particularly in Europe and very successful consumer pull, very positive consumer pull, for Honeywell products. So automobiles with Honeywell turbochargers. So we had a number of factors working in our favor, and we think will continue to work on our favor. As I mentioned, we're looking at minimal disruption we think in the second quarter, probably Elena, something like 100,000 units would be our best estimate.
David Anderson: Well, we think about it just a little differently. The way that I think about it is that we have a fairly significant surge in input costs in the second half of 2010. This is particularly in our Fluorines Products businesses. And we smartly procured in advance of or concurrent with those increasing costs. So we were in a good position coming in the first quarter. We had an imbalance in terms of supply-demand conditions, overall, for finished product, and that was really on a global basis. And so we were very well positioned. We were well positioned in terms of ability to supply into that market. It gave us particular strength, and the imbalance, if you will, created, we think, a non-sustaining -- a level of conversion, revenue conversion. So that's going to be normalized as we progress through the course of 2011. And what it's going to translate to, as we said, John, is margin guidance for Specialty Materials in the range of 17% to 18%. Very attractive. I mean, still very good run rates, but much more where we would have expected. So it's really that phenomena that really characterized the very positive performance in the first quarter, and we hope to see that sustaining.
David Anderson: Yes, I think so. And we're holding guidance obviously for the full year in terms of Aero, overall. What we're going to see I think, John, is that in the Aerospace, it's actually in the near term, we're going to see the continued benefit of the continued recovery in the Aerospace commercial aftermarket. That's going to be a tailwind for us. As we progress through the year, we're going to also be spending a little bit more in terms of R&D as a result of the major program wins and the success that we've have. So the balance of those two is really what translates to the consistency in terms of the margin rate expansion that we think will be there or the marked consistency in terms of margin guidance that we've given you for the full year. The other thing that we'll have when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, as you will recall we had fairly sizable launch contributions in business aviation in the second half of last year. It will be -- within the second half of this year, we will be lapping that period. We won't have those. So first quarter, there was essentially no change, first quarter of '10, first quarter of '11, no change in contributions for BGA, and we'll have that as a positive as a tailwind as we progress through the year in Aerospace.
David Anderson: Well, I think what we're seeing is -- let me give you maybe a little bit of or complicated answer to that question. Number one, as we said, Commercial Spares were up 28% in the first quarter, and we're expecting Commercial Spares to be up about 20% for the full year. And that's against the backdrop of an estimated 5% growth in flight hours. So I would say we're still seeing the recovery and the rebound on the spares side, Jeff. On the other hand, when you look at inventory levels compared to overall revenues of the airlines, while compared to profitability of the airlines and use that index against historic levels, it's not rising. So what we're seeing is there clearly is a need, a catch-up need relative to utilization that we're going to see through the course of this year.
David Anderson: Our view, I'd say probably, David, it's fair to say a strong view, is that we just had underlying very good demand across the portfolio. You've heard some of the numbers, Nigel. I mean, it's across all of the regions.
David Anderson: Well, as you know, we don't provide specific quarterly guidance in terms of individual business units, and we provide, obviously, provide you with full year guidance. But I think we're going to continue to see pretty good numbers out of SM in the second quarter. And I would suspect that what we're going to be seeing for SM for the remainder of the year is close to that full year range, that 17% to 18% range guidance that I provided you, Nigel.
David Anderson: I think the answer is yes. And as we've done in the past, and as Dave is really -- another discipline that he's built into the organization is really ensuring that we're doing high payback on funding. We really look at things smartly in terms of those -- that redeployment. And, obviously, in this case, we've had some time to think about it, to review different options. We're still going through that. But you should expect a smart redeployment, overall of those games and looking forward then how that will translate to continued growth, continued earnings momentum in a stronger business for '12, '13, et cetera.
David Anderson: It will vary. It will vary by project. It will vary by specific item. But we'll provide you with clarity so that you'll be able to translate that into your '12 and '13 thinking.
David Anderson: Well, it was fairly significant in the quarter. So in total, if you take SM included, and I know Steve you'd like to exclude it, if you took SM in total plus TS for the quarter, you're talking about over $200 million in terms of inflationary headwind. So it was an important element to the quarter to be able to manage that and to be able to offset that in terms of our productivity actions, as well as our pricing actions in the quarter, to deliver the uptick that we did in terms of segment profitability.
David Anderson: Yes. I think we'll see even more challenges. As we talked about earlier, we've got a steepening curve, if you will, in terms of inflationary pressures. And in some cases, you go back to SM and that's sort of the prominent one, we won't have the same supply-demand, if you will, imbalance that characterized the first quarter. It's still going to be very attractive, but it won't be at that same level that we experienced in the first quarter.
David Anderson: Advanced Materials really led the quarter in terms of the sales conversion and was a major contributor to that outperformance, if you will.
David Anderson: Yes, we've got that built-in. We had, as Dave mentioned, $40 million approximately from the Petrobras project in the first quarter. That's going to -- it's relatively linear over the course of the year, relatively even in terms of...
David Anderson: Yes. So not quite the run rate of what we had in the first quarter, but close to it. And then UOP is going to as I mentioned, Bob, earlier, it's going to benefit as we convert its strong backlog to revenue over the course of 2011. We're actually going to see an increase in the top line growth. We had 13%, 14% growth in UOP in the first quarter. It's going to be well above that as we progress through 2011.
David Anderson: It's across the board. It's a projects business as well. As we mentioned we had a significant strengthening in the backlog of UOP in the second half of 2010. That backlog continued to grow in the first quarter of 2011. So it's across the full product portfolio, projects business as well as the products of catalyst business of UOP that we'll see the growth in the remainder of the year.
David Anderson: Well, the biggest growth that we had in those 2 markets really were ECC within the ACS business and also HPS, the process solutions business within ACS. Those were the really big contributors. But each of the businesses, actually, each had strong performance, emerging region performance in the quarter, which led to the kind of stellar numbers that we talked about. And emerging regions were up. In total, I think, it's around 20% in the quarter. So obviously, a key contributor and an increasingly important contributor to Honeywell's overall organic growth. I thought those 2 businesses stood out in terms of -- to your specific question, those really stood out in terms of the size and the growth. Those are, for an average, about 50% growers during the quarter.
David Anderson: No. This whole phenomenon is just related to -- phenomena, specifically, Ajay, that I talked to is really related to our Fluorines business. It's kind of, most particularly, our Refrigerated Products businesses within the Fluorines business. And new products. That's a very good question, Dave. And the other thing is globalization of that business now, and what we're doing in terms of just growing our global customer base.
David Anderson: Yes, and by the way, Resins and Chemicals, not to ignore that, R&C had a very strong quarter. Continued growth in caprolactam and also ammonium sulfate was very strong in the quarter. Now we expect some of that to, again, demodulate over the remainder of the year, but still very, very nice numbers for that business.
David Anderson: Yes, I'm sure there'll be some. Yes, that wasn't a significant driver in the quarter, but I think your point is a good one.
David Anderson: I think, again, we don't provide quarter-by-quarter guidance, but I would suspect, Steve, that we'll see something in the range of what we just experienced in the first quarter for Honeywell.
