David M. Cote: You know, I wish there was. Interestingly, at least from the talking I did around the horn [ph] we weren't alone. I mean, this was kind of a phenomenon that some even saw in the banking community. There was just something about January that caused everything to be a slowdown, and I'd have to say I was a little nervous as we were in January, and then things turned in February and turned bigger in March. So I can't explain it. It just happened.
David M. Cote: Yes. Well, it is pretty meaningful I'd say being able to get there. We don't have that many units that are actually there at gold yet. That's one of the things that – that's why we think there's a lot more improvement left in the company. It's tough to quantify exactly what the dollar amount is that – or the rate amount that comes from HOS, but it's going to continue to grow. Because as we've tried to show in the past it doesn't just kind of raise your overall level, but it raises your improvement rate per year also So think of it is, it's not just a first derivative improvement. It's a second derivative improvement also. So I'm actually quite encouraged about what this is going to continue to be able to do for us.
David M. Cote: I'd say its more price now than anything else. Prices are just high. This is – we're going to continue to be disciplined and be smart about this. But prices are high right now, and you haven't heard me say that much in the past, but this time they are.
David M. Cote: On the expansions, Jeff, I'm more worried about making sure we hit the startup date than anything else because the demand for the product's there.
David M. Cote: I would say first of all, you characterized me correctly. I'm generally more impatient about things except when it comes to spending money, in which case I want to make sure that we're smart. The New Hampshire chief in me still would bug me to overpay with something.
David M. Cote: The – at the end of the day, though, we're still pretty much going to stick with what we talked about in that $1 billion to $2 billion net cash position at which point we'll start doing more on the repurchase side. And I think that's still a reasonable and a smart place to be overall. So it preserves fire power for those times when we can be opportunistic, but also says we're not going to let this get excessive.
David M. Cote: The way I'd describe it is that it's stronger than our overall organic growth rate, not as strong as we thought it would be, But it looks like a lot of that was, I think a lot of that might have been weather impacted and we're anticipating that it continues to strengthen during the course of the year, Tom anything you want to…
David M. Cote: I would say on the CapEx side, I mean the only real effect that we're seeing is on the oil and gas piece of this. I'd be hard pressed to point to something elsewhere I would – where I could say that currency was having an impact on those decisions. I don't know, Tom, if anything comes to your mind or anything else.
David M. Cote: So, those – that's the only one that I could see, that's more oil price impacted than it is currency.
David M. Cote: Yes, I would say in general when it comes to FX, the only effect we're really seeing is on the translation side, and as you know we hedged the income number there and so it shows up on the sales side. But preserves the income side, which is one of the reasons our margins look good, and jeez, I think we should be getting kudos for being smart on how we hedged this year and next.
David M. Cote: Well, I would love to see that myself, and as you know, margin rates are a combination of a lot of things, so we're going to continue to drive it. I'm very committed to that five year plan and understand what I promised I'd deliver there. So there's a whole combination of thing that go into it, and yes, I'd love to see that margin rate improvement continue and I don't see any reason why we don't continue with a triple digit increase this year.
David M. Cote: I don't know that it's going to be more volatile month-by-month. I would say, though, I really do believe that lower oil prices are going to play through bigger in the macro economy than what we've seen so far, especially in the US. And this is the – kind of the longest the consumer is gone historically with not spending kind of newfound riches, whether it's through oil price or tax refunds. So I think we're going to start to see the benefit of that sooner rather than later. I don't think it waits until next year. That being said, I don't want to count on it either because if I'm wrong, that's not a – not a good place to be. So I don't think that kind of what we saw January, February, and March continues, and then we'll see something that's a little more stable going forward.
David M. Cote: Provisioning didn't have that much impact on us that I'm aware of. And yes, airlines have been pretty consistent. And I actually think aerospace improves during the course of the year because of the timing on some of the shipments that didn't happen in the first quarter.
David M. Cote: I'd say ACS we're starting to see some improvement. I don't think it hit as fast as what you'd see on the aerospace side. But, yes, we're expecting that that's going to play through especially as that economy gets closer to 2%.
David M. Cote: I would just kind of – I'd say leave it as a general comment. The north is still stronger overall, and I think it's going to take a little bit of say a few more months before say some of the southern economies really start to feel it.
David M. Cote: I think it does – it will show up Howard. I don't think though this turns Europe around. I do believe that we'll see some short lived impact from all of this. But, at the end of the day they still need to address a lot of their social issues. And they are just – and my fear is that some of this is going to cause them to delay taking the actions they need to, to become more competitive as a region.
David M. Cote: Yes, as is typical with us and I know you hear me talk about this diversity of opportunity a lot and that there's never – while there's never any one big thing that's going to hurt us, which I think is a good way to run the place. There's never any one big thing that's going to make all the difference for us, either, rather it's going to be a series of products in a number of areas that are going to make the difference here. And I'm actually pretty encouraged in some of the gross margin rate improvement you saw was attributable to just being able to introduce new products at better margin rates because it adds more value. And I think you're going to – I feel pretty confident you're going to continue to see more of that.
David M. Cote: I would say 2018 is still three years away, and things have a way of changing, and of course we're trying to make sure that we end up in that range, that combination of sales growth and margin rate growth. And right now, last year and this year, organic sales were not as good as what we'd hoped for. Largely because global GDPs didn't even achieve the kind of conservative numbers that we thought we had in there. So I'd say, yes, we're going to make sure that we continue to work on both. If GDP growth isn't there to support that kind of organic sales growth then you'll probably see even more margin rate improvement and vice versa. If global GDP does start to take off and sales start to improve, well, you'll see more attributable to the sales side. So, we're still committed to those five year targets and we're going to continue to work both of those variables.
David M. Cote: That's a good point, Tom, and we've talked about that on Investor Day with those inflection points. Those definitely happening.
David M. Cote: The reason that we excluded Andy is just that it has no impact on operating income, and you want to use that as a proxy for volume and what's occurring out there in your actual shipments. So the shipments are actually fine. Operating income is just fine, and in fact, it increases our margin rates because of it. So that's why we excluded it because it just didn't seem to make sense.
David M. Cote: In a difficult first quarter macro environment, we were actually quite pleased with our operating performance, and I hope you were too. Our initiatives like HOS Gold, HUE and software are working, and our business model continues to deliver. Raising our guidance for the year is a nice display of our confidence in our ability to deliver this year, next year, and beyond. The diversity of opportunity resident in our portfolio really does make a difference in our ability to outperform. Our opportunities far outweigh any risks we deal with, and we're actually pretty excited about where we're going. So thanks for listening. Bye-bye.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. And I would add that the way we're defining HOS Gold, as we talked about at the Investor Day cuts across the entire business and enterprise, whereas once it was focused on factories and the supply chain, it now extends to engineering and product development, commercial excellence, dealing with our customers and the like. So all of those things were contributors as I tried to articulate when I explained that 140 basis point expansion in the first quarter.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. Well, the orders were roughly flat in the quarter for UOP, but it was – it was kind of a tale of two cities. The gas businesses are being impacted by delays. We think there was a significant amount of orders that were pushed out into the second quarter and third quarter on the international side. So we're expecting those to come back in. But on the other hand the technologies and equipment business, performance technologies and equipment had an outstanding orders growth, strong, strong double-digit growth. Catalysts were essentially flat to the year. So overall those were the contributors to UOP. Good activity and the backlog as well. You know, down a little bit, but overall in pretty good shape.
Tom Szlosek: And to answer the question on expansion that demand is still there. I was actually at the Jon Hegan [ph] factory in the first quarter, and it will be – it is starting to run at full capacity. So really excited about those investments that we're making. And the capital spending plans are all on schedule and we're going to hit the targets and get the market benefit.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, it's not just the euro, Scott – Jeff. It's all the currencies where we have exposure. We take a comprehensive look at our long – the currencies where we're long and the currencies where we're short. The currencies where we manufacture versus the currencies where we only sell. It's a comprehensive model, but in the end we end up doing comprehensive hedging in a number of different currencies, euro, GBP, Australian dollar, others. And we get some natural benefit from currencies that we are currently locking in. So unbalanced it's not just the euro.
Tom Szlosek: Well, it's a little tough to tell at this point, but we think it's going to be – I don't know that it's going to be as strong as it was in February and March, but it's certainly going to be a lot better than January.
Tom Szlosek: Happy to clarify that comment, Steve. It was more to deal with the commercial side and customers, you know, emerging market regions, particularly in Russia with the, you know, the impact that the global economy has had and the sanctions it had. Our customers, some of our customers are experiencing some funding delays. And so we've held up a shipment until we can get those clarified. We're 100% confident it's going to resolve itself and it already is resolving itself in the second quarter. So it's more a matter of risk management than any kind of demand issue.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I'd say it's a little tougher to say how big it could be because we're not quite sure ourselves. It's a lot bigger even than we anticipated when we first did the acquisition, and we continue to be pretty encouraged by the stuff we're finding. So what we're seeing is a much greater strength on the international side and of course less on the US side. So we expect that the international piece of this is going to be a really good positive for that business.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, Steve I would compare the $1.24 that I mentioned that were hedged after the euro to next year's rate which will be $1.10. And…
Tom Szlosek: Yes. It's reasonable to think about it as, like a penny for a penny. So it's reasonable to think about it that way, and I think it's important to think about it in the context of 6 bucks.
Tom Szlosek: Yes. If you look at the products that serve that or the businesses that serve that sector, the non-res sector Steve, they were between 3% and 4% organic growth for the quarter. So, I think it's very much in line with what we think the markets are doing.
Tom Szlosek: And on your first – your first question, Nigel, yes, you got it pretty much right in terms of the 7 March numbers.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I think also the – when you look at it by region, it's quite interesting Nigel, and we had mid-single digit growth in spares, ATR spares in the US, but because of those China issues we were definitely weighed down.
Tom Szlosek: Howard, just to put a little color on that. The – I mean, as we've continually said over the last two or three years, Europe and Africa for us have been relatively1%, 0, minus 1%, consistently quarter-over-quarter over quarter. This year was similar, to your point aero was stronger. We also saw good performance in the turbo business, good volume growth as that – the gas penetration continues to grow. So –but you know, it nets out to similar to the environments that we've seen in the past for Europe.
Tom Szlosek: And if I could add the – as we talked about the Investor Day, we are experiencing really good win rates and we are expecting inflection points at aerospace and in PMT given the investments that we've made and the new platforms we're on. So, I think that's going to be a nice catalyst and we still obviously – you know, obviously have our eye on organic growth as a big part of it.
