David M. Cote: Thanks, Elena. Good morning, everyone. You might imagine that we're pretty anxious to talk to you about how we did because there's a lot of caveats [ph] this quarter. As you saw from our press release, we had another great quarter with better-than-expected operational performance reflecting terrific execution and continued momentum in most of our key end markets, that yielded EPS above the high end of our range.  Now before we get to the financials, we're obviously pleased the progress we made in the quarter on new repositioning actions, smartly redeploying book gains and CPG sale proceeds in the third quarter. Dave will take you through more details in a moment but we utilize both the gain on the sale of CPG, as well as the OPEB curtailment gains to fund substantial business repositioning. That will deliver tangible benefits in 2012 and beyond. So our reported sales were $9.3 billion, up 14% or 8% organic, reflecting continued advancement in our new products, high-growth regions and continued healthy end markets overall.  Segment margins expanded 50 basis points to 14.7% in the quarter, which included a $30 million accrual to prefund a new employee health savings plan design. This new plan design is consistent with our overall benefit strategy to empower employees to take ownership and optimize their benefits by making smarter decisions about their healthcare cost and improving quality outcomes going forward. By implementing this plan design change, we'll see a benefit in our healthcare cost next year.  We generated earnings per share of $1.10, up an impressive 45% over 2010 and you'll all recognize that was a good quarter also. And it's above the high end of our guidance range even when you exclude the favorable $0.04 tax benefit in the quarter, which will be fully offset in the fourth quarter as Dave will explain. Free cash flow was $884 million, reflecting 103% net income conversion. This really reinforces the quality of our earnings performance, volume leverage and continued cost controls, while maintaining our seed planting for the future. Given the strength and continued momentum of our year-to-date financial performance and positive outlook for the fourth quarter, we are again raising our full year guidance.  We now expect pro forma earnings in the range of $4 to $4.05 a share, reflecting a 33% to 35% increase in earnings over the prior year. We think this is top-tier performance amongst our multi-industry peer group. Our early cycle businesses, including Advanced Materials, ACS Products and turbochargers, continue to show a healthy pace of growth although moderating. While our longer cycle businesses like Commercial Aerospace, Process Solutions and UOP are starting to kick in with double-digit growth in the quarter. Further, our investments and focus in emerging regions continue to pay off with sales in Asia overall up approximately 20%.  We had another quarter of robust new product launches and technical certification. So when you look at the commercial and biz jet and general aviation side, we have a number of large platform wins with high content and are driving terrific retrofit upgrades with our latest suite of cockpit enhancements. There are several unannounced business aircrafts scheduled to debut over the next few years where Honeywell has been selected to provide the avionics. In virtually every instance, we were selected based on our advanced technology capabilities. And in some instances, the cockpits are not even put out for bid as our competitors' technology did not meet the OEM's requirements.  Turning to 2012, while we're not denying the potential for another recession, we think the high probability outcome is a slow growth economic environment. We're still in the early stages of our planning. However, we believe we're well positioned for growth across all 4 of our business segments again next year, given what we're seeing in our major end markets, the size of long cycle backlog, the strength of our execution and what we've been able to do with advance repositioning.  Dave will walk you through an updated view by business and market when he discusses the planning framework for 2012. But from an overall Honeywell view, the key drivers will be traction on our key process initiatives, growth investments in new products and services, our acquisitions and our expanding global footprint. Based on all of that, we feel confident in our ability to generate good earnings growth at 2x to 3x sales growth again in 2012.  So our strong quarterly performance and once again improved outlook for 2011, reinforce that our strategy is working and puts us further ahead on achieving our 2014 sales and margin commitments, our 5-year plan. Having great positions in good industries, the power of One Honeywell, and our consistent focus on improving every year in each of our 5 initiatives, it really makes the difference.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Dave.
David M. Cote: Well, I think about risk not so much specific to any business as it is just the global economic environment. This is probably as amorphous a time to try predicting what's going to happen as any we've seen recently. When things were going really bad, it was easy to tell. When things were going -- started to get better, you can tell. This one is tough to know because it's really now dependent upon what government does both in the U.S. and Europe. And we think the high probability outcome here as we've tried to describe it is a slow growth environment, for a couple of reasons. One is when you look at things like non-res construction, res construction, auto build, they're kind of at a much lower point than they were, say, 3 years ago. And our guess is that governments in both regions will do the minimal amount possible. So that's the way we ought to plan it. And as a result of that, we think you end up in a slow growth environment. There is a risk of recession though, if governments don't even do the minimal amount possible, we can end up with a recession and then all businesses will get affected. On the other side, even though it's tough to imagine, there is a possibility for a robust recovery if governments actually went beyond that minimum and address the problems that they have. Because you look at the U.S. balance sheet, corporate balance sheet, best in 60 years. Consumers, the amount of income devoted to debt best in about the last 20 years in the U.S. So there's a real basis here for something better. But we don't think that's the high probability outcome. We'll stick with slow growth and we're planning all our businesses that way, while making sure everybody stays conservative but very flexible. Because you just don't know which way this thing is going to go, and that's that we're thinking about it. It will affect every business, that outcome, whatever happens with government is going to affect every business.
David M. Cote: At the end of the day, when it comes to repurchasing, we're pretty consistent with the strategy we've talked about in the past and that we want to be able to hold share count relatively constant. And when it comes to the cash deployment, we're going to continue to be, I think, pretty thoughtful about how we go about doing that. At the end of the day, I don't mind cash building on the balance sheet, especially when we're in an uncertain time. But we'll continue to play it that way.
David M. Cote: Well, please let me first take issue with the adjective sluggish because, while you could say the margin rate improvement has not been as great as we might have hoped initially because of the hiring ahead. When you actually look at the earnings growth, ACS has consistently grown earnings very well over the last 6 or 7 years. So I would take issue with that, while acknowledging that margin rate improvement has not been as great as we had hoped initially, but largely because of that hire ahead. At the end of the day, ACS is very much on track for that 5-year commitment that we talked about on margin rate growth and sales growth. And I think you're going to start to see the impact of that even more in the fourth quarter and as we get into 2012. The conversion rate, I'll let Dave address that further. But conversion rates been pretty low over these last 4 quarters, largely because of a point that I just mentioned. But we expect that conversion rate to be very much improving in the out years, '12 and beyond. Dave, anything...
David M. Cote: Well, you could have probably put that in TBD as well as putting it into headwind in terms of do any of us really know exactly what's going to happen there. But we're looking at it and thinking about it as a headwind just because you end up knowing this month by month really. So we just think that's the right way to think about it today. And I wouldn't -- -- I'd hesitate to put a number on what it could or couldn't be because we just don't know. To your point, it's held on better than we had expect it. So that could very well occur next year or it could degrade. We just really don't know.
David M. Cote: Well, you'll have to put it in the overall context that we still expect defense spending to be coming down over time. I just don't see how the U.S. ever resolve the debt issue we have unless there's some kind of tax reform that's coupled with entitlements and defense. I just don't see how that happens. So we think that's the right way to think about it. At the same time, we've had 1 or 2 contracts that have come to conclusions, so that will impact us some. And we just think that's the best way to think about it and to plan for it. This is not a time I think to ever think about Defense and Space as being a tailwind. We're going to continue to stay conservative. We've done better than we'd estimated this year but we still think staying conservative is the smart thing to do there.
David M. Cote: We feel -- I'd say, Shannon, another way to say it is, I feel very well positioned internally. The biggest issue that we're going to face is externally, and what does government do over the next 2 or 3 months to empower the economy to grow. Regardless of the economy, we think we've positioned ourselves very well to outperform.
David M. Cote: Well, as you might imagine we are quite pleased with our accomplishments for the year and the quarter. And I trust our investors are quite pleased also. Our consistent strategy, consistently applied, really makes a big difference. And while none of us can predict today what the 2012 economic environment globally will be, we do believe we are well positioned to outperform given our long cycle backlog, our growth programs with new products and emerging regions and our repositioning actions. Thanks for listening.
David James Anderson: Well, I would just reinforce what we talked about in the call this morning is the growth, Dave, in the orders that we've seen. You referenced the growth in the backlog. And importantly, Petrobras has obviously been a positive. But if you take that out of the numbers, the trend line of improvement in UOP is very impressive. So what you're seeing is just the underlying core refining and petrochemical pieces of UOP really, really coming on very, very nicely. And we see, Scott, specifically to your question on catalyst and catalyst reloads, probably, and again this is a little early, we'll cover this in more detail in December. But probably even more tailwind on the petrochemical side, which bodes very well for us. When you look at the composition of that backlog, that bodes very well for us for both '12 and '13. So I would say the macros right now are set up very, very nicely for UOP and we're going to see continued real strength in performance out of that business.
David James Anderson: Yes, I think the other thing we would say is that there's a portion of that repositioning, Dave, that we've done that's really going to benefit ACS and we talked broadly about that being a tailwind again for us for 2012, but it's going to be an important tailwind for ACS. And again, just to kind of remind everybody, we're going to see probably anywhere between 80 and 100 basis points of margin expansion for ACS, call it, 25% to 30% conversion in the fourth quarter. So I mean, you're seeing not only as you said, Dave, kind of really working through some of that investment we made but we're also seeing now the benefit of growing into those investments that we've done. So actually good organic, as well as overall growth in ACS this year.
David James Anderson: Well, I think a couple of things, Dave, to underscore your point. I mean, number one, we've seen on a constant currency acquisition adjusted basis 6% organic growth for ACS on a year-to-date basis. So I mean, we're talking about very good performance when you think about, again, some of the overall market conditions that are out there, I mean, that's very good execution. And second, 30 basis points of margin expansion on a year-to-date basis, which isn't shabby, again, when you think of the flow-through of both the investments they've made as well as the acquisitions, which we're now lapping. So the important thing, and to John's point, we're now lapping that. I would say in terms of expectations, John, particularly when you look at 2012 and again, this is moving ahead a little bit of what we'll talk about in more detail in December, we talked about the very strong backlog that we've got on the Solutions side of the business that's going to convert. We'll see the benefit in terms of the continued repositioning actions, et cetera. Depending on our acquisitions going forward at this point in time, there's nothing significant that's going to impact ACS. So I think we're looking at conversion rate in the 20% kind of range. I mean, I think that's what you should expect from us and that gets very, very good growth given the -- and performance, given the kind of continued investment we're going to make in R&D, marketing, global expansion in this business. I mean, this is a very much a growth business for this company and again, that's underscored by the year-to-date performance.
David James Anderson: Yes, I think that's the way to think about it. I think you have to look at us as smartly deploying gains and you can't always predict gains or the size of them. So we will continue to always be vigilant in terms of looking at opportunities, John. Now it's fair to say that given what we've done and what we've announced today, what we've already accrued for and what we've announced today, we've got a fairly full plate in terms of execution, right? There's a lot of things now to execute and get right. So again for 2012, what we feel so good about and Dave has really underscored this morning, is that we've really gotten out ahead. We feel really good about that. And, John, that's a real positive for us and positive business. We're obviously not looking just at 2012, we're looking at multiyear performance here, continuing to deliver value and delivering outperformance over time, and that's what we are committed to do. And these repositioning actions just falling very, very nicely in terms of timing and the way we think we'll be able to execute these to support that.
David James Anderson: First of all, let me just say that on the pension contribution side, it's very much to be determined. We would anticipate today, John, that we would make an additional cash investments in the fourth quarter. 2012 is very much to be determined. I mean...
David James Anderson: Well, I think what we're seeing is on the retrofit business, we're just seeing some pullback in the trade and distribution channels, we saw that in the third quarter. Specifically, what we saw, Nigel, is relatively weak July and August and then we saw a rebound in September. Now, so I'm really highlighting that as to be monitored, to be watched. It's just something that we want to be very, very mindful of. So it's really flagging it from that standpoint.
David James Anderson: Yes, that's good. And, Shannon, you noticed that we benefited from international spares sort of short cycle in the first half, where at today's point, where we don't expect that. So if you look at -- to continue with sort of the underlying growth rate or run rate, coupled with some of the program specific items that he mentioned, that really leads you to more of that down 4%, maybe down 5% kind of range in terms of our run rate. So that's the way we're planning and we think that's smart, as Dave said, we think that's the smart approach to planning for this business going forward.
David James Anderson: So just the thing is that I would say there's a little bit, if I could just sort of in the reverse, and that is the confidence that we have in the tailwinds. When you look at the Honeywell story for 2012, it really sets up very nicely. When you think of the strength of that commercial, both aftermarket and OE, this continued strength we're seeing in emerging markets, the backlogs that we have in our long cycle. We talked about UOP earlier, referenced some of the specifics of that, which will by the way, not only manifest themselves in terms of positive revenue growth for UOP but also positive mix for UOP. And then we think launches on Turbo will offset macros. So within a reasonable range of expectations, you take the range of analyst estimates for European production specifically for 2012 and that's the broadest range of any region. Within that reasonable range, launches are going to offset those macros, so we're going to see growth in that business. And then finally, what we really, really reinforce is the smart and disciplined redeployment of the gains for the repo benefits. So while we clearly got the known headwinds, the fact of the matter is, the highlight really of the message today is the strength of those tailwinds. And how well we think we're positioned to continue to grow in 2012.
David James Anderson: Well, a couple of comments, on the non-res side as we stood back and I said that, Steve, just briefly in my comments earlier. Really, when you look at the fact that we don't see any real signs of life on the other hand, we don't see a lot of risk further downside. So when you think about it in terms of a fee, what you should think about on a year-over-year basis, we took it off. The other thing on the OPEB is that when you consider that OPEB gains were fully redeployed into repositioning, fact of the matter is, the run rate then on OPEB is essentially even 2012, our current expectation compared to 2011. So it's really a refinement. We think smart requirements of the slide, which as you know, we continually do that. That's kind of the process of thinking through and trying to give you the very best judgment on these items.
David James Anderson: Well, I think what we said is that we're now lapping the investments that we made in the second half of 2010. We're also growing into those from a revenue standpoint. Also we had the Experion acquisition-related accounting expenses flowing through the P&L. So we're going to see very good margin lift and attractive revenue conversion in ACS in the fourth quarter. What we said on a run rate basis, all the puts and takes, the strength of the backlog in the Solutions businesses, the lapping of very, very tough comps on the product side, some of the headwinds that we'll have. For example, we think in the residential retrofit market, et cetera, that conversion rate in and around 20% for ACS in terms of modeling purposes and expectation purposes make sense.
