Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 12 and talk about our corporate governance at Honeywell. Integrity and ethics, inclusion and diversity and workplace respect are foundational principles that are core to our strategy at Honeywell. Our focus on these principles is evident in our corporate governance efforts throughout the entire organization from top to bottom. We have a diverse and independent Board of Directors overseeing the business, and an executive team that is committed to fostering a culture built on these foundational principles.  Through our annual training to all of our employees, we educate on our code of business conduct and promote honest business practices, compliance to all laws and regulations and respect in the workplace. We recently launched Honeywell Accelerator, a revitalized operating system that provides a centralized source of training programs designed to further develop our employees, enhance the way we manage, govern and operate the business. Accelerator allows us to educate and standardize around our best practices and will empower our employees with the knowledge and tools needed to perform their roles.  In January, we announced a new addition to our Board of Directors. Rose Lee was elected to join the Board as an Independent Director. Rose is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of Cornerstone Building Brands, a leading manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. Rose has a unique blend of leadership skills, deep knowledge of operations and technology and a passion for environmental, social and governance expertise. Prior to joining Cornerstone Building Brands, Rose served as President of the DuPont Water & Protection business, focusing on improving sustainability through the company's water, shelter and safety solutions. She's also spearheaded initiatives to advance minorities, women's and veterans. Rose's perspective will be a valuable addition to our Board as we further advance Honeywell's transformation.  Now let's turn to Slide 13 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. In the first year of recovery was not without its challenges. However, we effectively managed through these macroeconomic difficulties and over delivered our financial commitments. We didn't stay on the sidelines, but instead, we took action to grow the business, including increasing our capital deployment. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we'll continue to invest for the future of Honeywell. While several COVID-related headwinds will drag into early part of 2022, the macro setup is trending favorably for most of our end markets and we're optimistic about our future.  Our recent innovations, including new safety and sustainability offerings, will drive long-term growth and allow us to meet some of the world's most pressing needs.  One last item before we move to Q&A. I'm pleased to announce that our 2022 Investor Day will be held on March 3 at our corporate headquarters in Charlotte. At this Investor Day, I, along with members of the senior management team, will discuss Honeywell's business strategy, exciting new growth opportunities and an updated long-term growth algorithm. We look forward to sharing more with you about Honeywell's future at that time.  With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, I think, first of all, a couple of comments on that. We do have to take, first of all, masks into account, which adds 1 point to the growth rate. So now we're at 5% to 8% because, I think, frankly, the masks are a bunch of noise into our numbers, at least for the first half.  Second of all, the first half will be slow, which actually means that we've got to have substantial acceleration in the second half. And although we're bullish on improved supply chain flow, it is a bit of an unknown. And even with sort of the kind of a slow first half, that implies a pretty aggressive growth in the second half. And for us, 5% to 8% growth, which take 6.5%, 7% at the midpoint, I think it's a fairly reasonable guide to start the year, with a lot of uncertainty along the supply chain.  I am optimistic, and we have some very specific data points. For example, we have about just a shade over 90% of our semiconductor now confirmed for the year. The problem is that necessarily confirm when we want it, which will be in the first half. It's more certain for the second half. But you would have to be sort of betting on the future and sometimes the future is unpredictable until we see that.  So we came out with guidance that I think is fair. I don't know if you want to call it aggressive or conservative, but it does assume a pretty good step up in the second half, probably not inconsistent with some of those peers. But what none of us know, and that includes Honeywell and others, is exactly what will happen in the second half. So we've built in a ramp, but we also feel like it's a ramp that can be met. So we'll -- and we'll adjust as we go through the year.
Darius Adamczyk: I mean, let me kind of split that up, Steve. The first one is, I think you know from a CapEx perspective, we think that this is a bit of a higher-than-normal year by, call it, $200 million to $300 million. So I think that that's probably a bit unusual.  But look, I think there's a key point here that's missing. I think our investors should want us to spend money in CapEx and R&D. It is the highest IRR return we can have on anything we do. And with the pricing for M&A today, if you can get double-digit IRR returns on M&A, you're doing well.  So I think this is the point is that we have great projects, both CapEx and OpEx, which will generate tremendous return for investors, especially in Sustainability and Technology Solutions. I mean that business is poised to be multibillion dollars by the end of the century and -- or by the end of the decade. And I think some of the wins that you've seen here are proof points of that, and I see nothing but acceleration from this point forward. So I think that's the story on CapEx.  On OpEx, obviously, we have some items around Quantinuum. We're investing there. I mean we've got about almost a $200 million headwind just from OpEx investment in that business. But I mean, this is sort of another appealing thing to our investors. I mean, you can pick up the best quantum computing company in the world at an industrial multiple. Obviously, I think we're -- whether or not that stays within the portfolio, I think, is to be determined, but probably keeping it longer term in the portfolio is not the path we would go. So obviously, that will also create some headwinds.  And then sort of R&D investment, other, I think that's a little bit to be determined. I mean, we are going to continue to invest in innovation. And as long as we have good projects, that investment is going to continue. We have some great investments in sustainability, aerospace, forage, we're going to continue to make them.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Yes. No, I get that. I mean -- but I mean, there's no sort of instant gratification. I mean, as you know, quantum computing, we're projecting to do more than $20 million this year in revenue, could do more than that. But we're also saying it's going to do $1 billion by 2026. So that's sort of a pretty attractive $2 billion by 2026. So I'd argue that's a pretty attractive curve there.  Sustainability Technology Solutions, think about it as a $700 million business within 3 years, to give you some very specifics. Now I'd still like view it as a couple of hundred million this year, but it's going to accelerate very, very quickly to give you some curves.  On the big scope of Honeywell, are they going to show up dramatically in Q1, Q2? Probably not. But as you look at '23, '24 and '25, we're very, very confident these things will show up, and we'll talk a little bit more about at the Investor Day. I think the Sustainability Technology Solutions business has been on fire. And with all the wins, and some of them we can't even talk about that we've had, particularly in our green fuels, gives us a lot of confidence to invest a lot more money into that business given the kind of demand we're seeing and interest in our technologies.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. No, I think, Julian, as you saw in Q4, we were pretty active in the market, and we think that the shares are severely underpriced right now, and we acted, Q4. So we kind of did what we say.  In terms of cash conversion, I'll be honest, I talked -- I hate that metric. It's not a good metric. Because if you do a bunch of really expensive M&A and you have an underfunded pension plan, you're going to look really good on that metric. And it's kind of a meaningless metric.  I like cash as a percent of your revenue. I think that's a better metric. And I think we're going to be in the teens, some place in the teens. Some years, mid- to upper teens, some years lower. But one thing we're not going to do is not invest in the business when we have these kinds of growth opportunities. I think that -- I think it's a great sign that Honeywell has these kinds of growth opportunities that provide these kinds of returns.  And I wish that some of the revenue and returns would come sooner. I think we all wish that. But the fact is these are attractive returns. And whether it's Quantum or Sustainability Technology Solutions or others, you don't get this kind of margin performance year after year after year. And we're not exactly a low-margin company to begin with. I mean, we're in our low 20s. So we're kind of in top quartile of our peer group, and we have continued confidence in margin expansion. Reason is because we're investing in innovation, which is differentiated, where we can capture value, I think, we've proven.
Darius Adamczyk: And the short story is -- Nigel, is that if it does get passed, expect $400 million roughly, plus or minus, increase to our cash outlook for the year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Well, I think sort of the increment for this year is pretty much all sort of growth-oriented spending. And there's a couple of other elements that are embedded. So some of the classical sort of CapEx spending is going.  What it's getting replaced by is some of the spending that we're doing in things like automation. For example, our next phase of ISC transformation isn't so much a reduction in footprint and fixed costs and so on, but it's actually automation. So there's some CapEx that's embedded in there that doesn't necessarily help growth, but it helps margin expansion, efficiency and so on.  So there are some puts and takes and -- but the incremental spend has really been on really growth programs. And let me just give you a couple of specific examples where we've actually spent in development. We don't probably talk about it often enough, but our Forge business, which we've been invested in pretty heavily, they're recurring, their SaaS growth, 39% last year. Their recurring revenue base, double digit last year. Overall software growth, double digit last year.  Our Solstice business, which, as you may recall in the '15, '16, '17 time frame, we've invested a lot of capital into it. Now billion-dollar-plus kind of a business, and now we're investing even more because it's accretive to our margins. It's growing very, very quickly, and we're finding new applications. So I hope the investors trust us that we make these investments, they come to fruition, generate returns.  They're not instantaneous. We made Solstice investments 4, 5, 6 years ago, and now they're coming to fruition and they're flowering. Made the Forge investments 3, 4 years ago, that's grown. In 2, 3, 4 years, I'm very confident we're going to be talking to you about the kind of top line we're getting from Sustainability Technology Solutions or Quantum, whether it's part of Honeywell or not, but these are attractive things.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Let me start, and I'll turn it over to Greg. I think a couple of things. we are going to get much more OE growth in 2022 than we did in 2021. It was a favorable mix in '21. But nevertheless, we're going to still continue to see aftermarket growth. We're also investing in R&D. But given the volume leverage that we expect to see and still, I wouldn't say as favorable a mix is in '21, but still a good mix in '22. We expect to see some continued margin expansion in Aero despite further investments in R&D. That's the Aero outlook.  In terms of SPS, I think our big pressure was in the Intelligrated business because, as you know, that business grew over 50% last year, frankly. And I've said this from multiple calls, probably the worst here to pick that level of growth. So we have -- we will focus in Intelligrated in '22, not so much on growth, but there's more than enough that we could have if we wanted it. But we're going to focus on productivity and margin expansion because we really have to position that business much better for further growth, which we expect to see in '23 and '24. So that's really the business that really hurt our margins in SPS, especially in the second half of last year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Well, I think, first of all, I'd say that you got to take the masks noise out of it. So even at the low end, we're growing the business because I think masks will still provide some noise, certainly in Q1, worth 2 points, and even some in Q2.  The scenario would be that there's no real improvement or deterioration in the supply chain situation. I mean that is the biggest still unknown. And although we're optimistic that the supply chain is getting better and we have better -- that we've sort of bottomed out. Until we really see that, it's hard to lock that into those numbers, and that's why we kind of have the bottom where we do. But that would be the biggest sort of variable that's an unknown is really the supply chain performance.
Darius Adamczyk: No, the ones that where we're getting impacted the most, I think in PMT for the most part, the impact there has been very mild. I would say HBT has been impacted relatively heavily, particularly in Q4. And I would say, looking forward, that's probably the segment where we have the biggest impact. Aero also, and SPS actually is getting better. So that's sort of how I would weigh the 4 different segments.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, no. The short answer, Deane, it has not impacted orders. We're obviously working with both the OEs and the FAA to find a solution. And we're actively involved in those discussions. But in terms of orders and so on, no. And I mean, if anything, if there's a hardware and/or a software solution here, it probably will -- it probably improve our outlook for orders, not actually retrack from it, but we'd be very active in those discussions.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think I'm going to leave that answer to the experts. And I'm not an expert on this topic. So I think I'm going to defer that one.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And I think Greg said it right, which is when the supplies don't arrive on time, you cause inefficiency in the installation with them because there's -- people are essentially waiting on supplies. And that's kind of what we change going forward for '22 is we will really be staging the parts and the components needed for the warehouse before we actually apply the labor.  So the way we're going to execute these jobs, because generally, in a normal-flowing supply chain environment, you kind of do that concurrently. But with the unpredictability in the supply chain, it's really not possible, not prudent to do it that way. So we're going to be doing much more staging before we actually apply labor to do the install, which will dramatically improve our operating efficiency.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. No, we're very bullish on PMT this year. Just to give you a very specific -- some specific figures, our project business bookings were up double digit in Q4. So we actually see a substantial acceleration in our automation business, and that's reflected in the booking rates.  PMT overall was up double digits in Q4 and the year. UOP business bookings were up over 20% in Q4. So really, really nice positioning for PMT. We're very bullish on PMT for '22 and '23. I mean the investment cycle is certainly returning, and we're seeing that in both our booking rates and the kind of performance we saw even in Q4, and we think that that's going to continue. So I think PMT is as well positioned as any business we see for '22.
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong fourth quarter results and continued to navigate effectively through multiple uncertainties with the typical level of operational rigor you've come to expect from Honey. Our future is bright, and we look forward to discussing this further at our upcoming Investor Day. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Gregory Lewis: Okay. So thank you, Julian. And when you look at our cash generation capability, I think you've seen over the last 4 years plus, we have dramatically improved that to be right around, if not, above 100% and 16% to 17% cash margin, which we think is actually a better measure.  With this investment that's going in now, obviously, that takes it down this year, which would compute into something probably in the high 80s, mid- to high 80s, and probably, again, 13% to 14%, so call it, mid teens on cash margin. But our forward look is very positive.  I mean as we've discussed, I mean, the CapEx comes and goes. We're usually right around $900 million plus/minus. So this year, maybe we're going to be $1.2 billion or so, $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion, but there are some specific reasons why that is, and that will probably work its way back down. And we'll continue to drive income growth, which is going to fuel our cash generation.  So I feel very strongly about the strength of our cash flow. Will it be 100%? I don't know, but we feel like mid-teens cash margin for us is a very strong place and no reason to believe that we're not going to continue to be there.  As far as the share buyback is concerned, we've got our powder dry. That is -- we've demonstrated, again, once again in the fourth quarter that we're willing to deploy our capital against that. We did almost $1 billion in 4Q. I think it was 800 -- high 800s. And if that opportunity really shows itself, we'll go back in and do so. So I think that's one of the things we'll always have right in our radar on our capital deployment toggle. So I don't know, Darius, if you want to say anything more about it.
Gregory Lewis: Yes, 100%. listen, we could have -- there are some of our peers who left out the detriment of the extenders not occurring, we did not do that because...
Gregory Lewis: Yes. I mean, I could tell you that it's going to be $400 million to $500 million more cash flow. And then if they don't do the needful, then we're going to come back to you in April and take our guidance down. So that was not a position we wanted to be in. We're being very transparent with what it is. We really hope that, that legislation gets extended. We feel very strongly that R&D tax credit is important. It's important for us to invest here in the U.S. in R&D, protect jobs, et cetera, and it's underpinning of a lot of our technology that we then export throughout the world. So we're very hopeful that, that changes. But in the meantime, as it stands right now, it doesn't. And come March, we may be having to make a payment. And so therefore, we put it in our guidance as such.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. We talked about it in our last guide as $300 million to $500 million in the quarter in Q4 and having had experienced about $300 million in Q3. And that's kind of what it turned out to be. It was probably more towards the high end of the $500 million.  And you see that in our past due backlog. It continues to be at an elevated level in 3 out of 4 businesses. And through the course of the year, that's probably $1 billion more than when we began.  So again, that's not a -- it's not one for one exactly the number, but that will give you a good marker for some of what was left on the table here in 2021, which, again, we have high confidence that carries forward. And as the supply base opens up on the semiconductor side, that should help free up the past due certainly a little bit in PMT, but mainly in the HBT and SPS business. And then we've talked a lot about supply chain, and we're starting to hear more of our aero and defense peers speaking about it as well. As that supply chain ramps up, that should provide a lot of tailwind for us as we go throughout the year.
Gregory Lewis: Yes, and you pick the bookends. I mean we expect the most margin expansion in SPS for those reasons. And I think Aero is going to be on the lower end for exactly what Darius described between the investments we're making in R&D as well as some of the mix pressures. We'll get a little bit of that 40, 50 basis points benefit from Quantinuum moving out, but it will be on the lower end of the scale in Aero. And that's actually -- that's not a bad thing. I mean, we grew Aero margins dramatically in 2021. So it's not like we're slowing down off of a slow pace. It was a huge contributor to our margin expansion in '21. So I think it's right that this is the way. We want to make sure that we're always investing in that business because it's got a very bright long-term future.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. Yes. So think about that as -- again, that's specific to Intelligrated. It's specific to projects that we began in 2021 that are now going to carry over into 2022. And some of those costs are related to some of the demobilization and remobilization and the inefficiencies that come across.  So if you think about an installation project, materials come on site, people come on site and do their job in a certain defined time frame and a certain set of steps. And when that gets disrupted by material availability, you create havoc with supply of labor on time and so forth.  So these are very identifiable costs related to very specific projects. And we have changed our operating cadence with some of our customers to lengthen lead times and so forth to make sure that, that doesn't recur again in 2022. So this is really the carryover of completion of some of these larger jobs in '21.
