Darius Adamczyk: thanks, Greg. Overall, we are pleased with strong operational performance from our portfolio in 2019. We continue to execute our core priorities and we again, delivered on our commitment. We remain cautious on the macroenvironment of many factors, still very fluid for 2020 and significant uncertainty around short cycle demand of a balanced portfolio poised for continued performance despite macro headwinds and we continue to make significant progress of our transformation initiatives including Honeywell Connected Enterprise, Honeywell Digital, and our Integrated Supply Chain. Additionally, we’re bringing innovative and connected offerings to market to fuel growth, which combined of our strong execution track record positions us well for 2020 and beyond. With that Mark, let’s move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. just to add a couple of things, Steve. And maybe, just to add a couple of things on a year-over-year basis and these are not dramatic impacts. but overall, our cash outlays are going to be slightly higher in 2020 versus 2019 due to restructuring. So that’s probably another factor. I wouldn’t get too focused about a baseline of 2020. obviously we have some CapEx to spend, which is the driver in our payment cycle, that’s an extra one. So that’s just a math worked outside. It doesn’t necessarily mean that 2020 announced the baseline. But I do want to highlight something and I think it’s a point that’s been missed completely, which is if you look at the cash flow generation of this company versus what it was three years ago, we’re about $2 billion higher on 15% to 20% in the last sales growth. I think that point has been just missed completely and I’m extraordinarily proud of the team in terms of what they’ve been able to accomplish in terms of cash generation. After all, that gives us more firepower to extra reinvest in the business or pass back to our shareowners or likely both. And I think that’s the thing that really matters.
Darius Adamczyk: That’s exactly it, Steve. We basically are energy contracts or performance contracts primarily driven by the government sector, we’ve seen a substantial drop-off in that segment of the business in orders that has not been sort of the focus of the government sector lately and that’s been a problem. That’s been a significant business for us in the past and that’s dropped off. Yes, the orders there have dropped off double-digit. So that’s probably the one problem area that we’ve seen in terms of orders, but that – we’re always going to have an issue somewhere, but if we look at our long cycle orders for the quarter across Honeywell, 15% growth, I don’t want to sort of bypass that back in a book-to-bill ratio of 1.7. So, I think it was an incredibly successful quarter from a long-cycle orders perspective. And just to maybe, quote you another fact. In a place like China, orders up north of 20% and backlog up nearly 50%. So, I viewed this quarter as just an outstanding from Honeywell winning in the marketplace.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think it’s a gradual improvement. I think I was extraordinarily pleased with what we saw in terms of our inventory management. Inventory has been a bit of a bugaboo for Honeywell for a long time and we actually made some really nice progress in the second half of the year. I don’t think there are any miracles for us out there, but I expect that progress to continue and it was reflected in our cash flow for Q4. And also, we’re focused on our delivery, our quality and so on, and Torsten and his team are doing a really nice job driving those improvements and I expect a gradual improvement year-over-year and then transformation. I mean we dropped our fixed cost footprint in 2019. We have an even more aggressive plan for 2020 and 2021. So, you’re going to kind of continue to see that progress on fixed cost reduction, which obviously, makes us a much more variable cost company, which is something that I very much desire.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, we did do Rebellion in December, which is a big acquisition, but really an interesting one, which is basically, the use of imaging for advanced gas detection. So, it’s very much a technology-oriented company in the industrial segment, which fits really, really well with industrial safety, but also, fits well with Productivity Solutions and our HPS business. So, we’re very thrilled to get that one. In terms of M&A, we continue to be very active, I can tell you and the environment we’re seeing is, yes, the prices are elevated, but what I can also tell you is that kind of, because there is so much cash awash and so much capital to deploy, we’re seeing very aggressive sort of due diligence in the kind of terms that others are willing to accept. So, I think we’re assessing that because we’re going to continue to be a very cautious company and really study the market, but we also have to kind of look within ourselves in terms of, you know what’s risk that’s reasonable, what isn’t. So it’s – it’s a very robust M&A marketplace and we expect to do deals in 2020, certainly.
Darius Adamczyk: And by the way, just to add to that, the IRR in total on these investments, substantially north of 30%. So, I mean if you think about that kind of a return versus M&A, whenever we’re going to see those kinds of returns, I’m more than happy to deploy more capital because it’s going to make us a better company in the long-term. So, I think that this increase in capital, I think, should be viewed as a positive, not a negative.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean there it’s the markets. The industrial markets overall have been relatively soft. We don’t think that there is anything sort of unusual going on in that business, it’s a reflection of that. I mean it’s not – obviously it’s a market that’s flattish to down, some of the segments that we play in, we saw that. So this is probably one why we have some uncertainty about the short cycle, that’s one of the tougher businesses to call for us. We are concerned about what’s happening in China around coronavirus and so on and not just the impact in China, but really the impact on the global industrial production, because your global supply chain. So, I think you have to look beyond just China. But we’re optimistic that the markets are going to improve, but there isn’t inherently something unusual going on in those – in that business.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, the revenue impact is meaningful. I mean it’s – think about kind of a mid triple-digit impact for millions of dollars that obviously we can – we think we can offset some of that, both through RMUs and backlog reduction, but it’s from a revenue perspective, it’s not an insignificant – and by the way, we’re just – we’re completely aligned to Boeing’s perspective. So it’s – that’s what’s reflected in our current outlook.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Yes, interesting Q4, I mean, obviously, China was a highlight, both kind of on the orders growth rate. And by the way, China is accelerating for us. So, you have seen a higher rate of growth in Q2, Q3, Q4. Q4 is even higher. So we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing there, the orders give us. So actually, China is one of the really nice storage for us. The other place to highlight, and I think, I’ve talked about this before, which is Latin America. I mean, Latin America was also up high-single digits and obviously we have to be taking a lot of share there given the fact that a lot of those economies aren’t exactly robust and they’re struggling. So, I’m very, very pleased with what’s happened there. Middle East continues to be a region of strength for us. We had some tougher comps, but think low-to-mid single-digit kind of growth rate. Probably that the low light for us was Western Europe. That’s been kind of soft in Q4. I think a couple of the countries that I’d look to get that were particularly soft would be Italy and the Netherlands, which were weak overall. India was okay in Q4. Frankly, it was a little bit lower than we had hoped, the low-to-mid single-digit kind of growth numbers. There is some – we have – that’s a country of strength for us, but slightly below our expectations. And Russia actually did quite well for us as well in the segments that we play in. So sort of a mixed story but the highlight certainly being China both on the actual performance and the bookings growth.
Darius Adamczyk: So, to be clear, I am expecting a return to growth in productivity products. So, I think we – I think we’ve got our signals across somewhere. And just to give you some very specific data points. The sales out in the channel for productivity products has grown every quarter last year. More or less normalized our channel position now by the end of 2019. We actually saw growth in the scanning portfolio in productivity products and we’ve been able to secure a couple of good wins. The toughest comp still for productivity products is Q1. We anticipated that. It’s not news. But as we get further and further out the year, I do expect growth in productivity products. So – and I have the data to – that gives me that confidence. So that’s not a wish and a hope. I have some data points that says that, that’s a reasonable outcome to expect, unless of course something goes wrong with the market. But actually, I’m very pleased with the kind of progress that’s been made, the team that we now have there in place and the products that we have to the marketplace.
Darius Adamczyk: Well, Jeff, I think we’ve been pretty consistent in our approach in terms of forecasting and outlooks, which is, we’re not – when I’m not sure of something, or myself and Greg are not sure of something, we’re going to give you a wider range. And we’re not going to promise things that we don’t either don’t have visibility or can’t do. I would also tell you a couple of other things. I mean, there are quite a few unknowns, I mean the coronavirus right now is an example, is something that’s very difficult for us to predict around the impact. I mean if things go back and our factories reopen Monday or a week from Monday, which is kind of the schedule, then maybe it’s conservative. What if they don’t? What if this continues to spread? What if it gets worse? That impact could be substantially worse than what we’re expecting. The short cycle is a little bit unpredictable. We talked about – there was a prior question industrial safety, it’s tough to call that right now. As I look at a lot of the reports from a lot of the shorter cycle-oriented peers, they exactly have not been stellar. I mean, so we’re trying to call it, I don’t know about conservatively. We don’t know and we don’t know that much about short cycle right now. We’re going to kind of err on certainly, a little bit wider range and we’ll see what happens, and obviously like we do every year, as the year progresses, we’ll update you and we’ll refresh our guidance. I’m very happy with our long cycle. I mean a 10% growth in the backlog is very good. So that gives me some confidence and we’ll see how the year progresses.
Darius Adamczyk: No, it’s – some of it is beyond 2020. I mean, we sort of expect the normal conversion cycle. I mean, it’s – for example, some of the Intelligrated backlog just goes all the way into 20.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, 15, 18 months, so it’s longer cycle. But nevertheless, I mean, the makeup of it isn’t dramatically different in terms of execution versus 20 – end of 2018. So it kind of looks the same. It’s always more than one year. So it’s not inconsistent, what we’ve seen in the past.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Well, I think for us it’s probably three main components of strengths. By the way, HPS had a terrific quarter, double-digit orders growth, the business is doing incredibly well. We’re thrilled with their performance. But specifically LNGs coming through some of the mega refining petrochemical complexes is another place of growth and we’re starting to give you a bit more in the renewable segment. That’s actually one of the focus areas for PMT in general. And we’re seeing some improved activity for – in renewables. So I would highlight those three as areas where we’re seeing growth with a terrific bookings and orders outlook in Q4.
Darius Adamczyk: I want to thank our shareholders for continued support of Honeywell. We remain focused on continuing to outperform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees. We have delivered on our commitments, strong results each quarter and continue to make great progress on our growth and transformation initiatives. We have a great portfolio and we continue to execute well. I’m excited for 2020 and we expect another high-performance year for Honeywell. Thank you all for listening and have a great weekend.
Greg Lewis: Yes. So, we’ve always talked about our free cash flow conversion adjusted and we guided it last year, even in that, we have 95% to 100% adjusted. We highlighted the – both in our press release materials, both the way we had done previously adjusted and then we also adjusted for pension income, just to be transparent about both of those metrics, particularly with the increase in pension income going into 2020. So that’s really the – that’s what you’re seeing there in terms of – and both of those numbers are strongly above 100%. So, in terms of the 2019 into 2020 differences, what I tried to highlight in the – in the opening, Steve is really a couple of things. And first, we are going to spend a bit more CapEx as we go into 2020 and that’s in support of our transformation initiatives in the supply chain, some additional capacity for some new products. We also have just from a calendar perspective; we’re going to have an extra payroll cycle in 2020. So that’s just math and for us that’s, call it, between $100 million and $200 million of headwind that will come and go in 2020. And then in terms of our environmental and other liabilities, those numbers will move a little bit and so there’s probably a $100-ish million, maybe $200 million of flex that we have in there for 2020 also. So, those are really the major items that you’ll see, but our cash flow performance and the overachievement that we had in the fourth quarter relative to our own expectations were heavily anchored around our working capital improvements. We did a tremendous job with our commercial and collections teams on the receivable side; we’ve been doing a lot on transforming how we do credit to collections. And then we talked about inventory being our bugaboo for some time now and if you look at the free cash flow statement, you’ll see for the first time in a while, we actually were able to get cash from inventory as we’re specifically starting to tune some of those dials in a more disciplined way, with again, some of the things that Torsten and the team are driving from a transformation perspective. So Darius, I don’t know if you want to add.
Greg Lewis: Sure. So, we’ve been around $800 million, as you know, for the last couple of years and it goes, like in the $820 million or $830 million or so. And so, when I say elevated, this is not massive increases, we’re talking about $100 million, $100 million-ish type of increases year-on-year, and I would say it’s probably 50-50 split between increases relative to the transformation and increases relative to some new capacity for some of our new product launches that we’re doing. So, I wouldn’t – this is not like we’re making one massive block investment and something huge here. But as we go through this transformation, in the supply chain, it’s going to require – it’s going to require capital. So 50-50, I would say and think about it in sort of like a $100 million, $150 million type of potential increase year-on-year.
Greg Lewis: Yes. And again, we talked about our free cash conversion, just to get back to that for a minute. We’ve said many times, we are not like pinpointed on a $100 million, if we’ve got good investments, and we’re going to make them. So…
Greg Lewis: So, obviously the – what Boeing is doing with the MAX return to service has and will have an impact on the aftermarket performance and I think we were all – we’re all aware, they fly the older planes longer, and so therefore, has increased demand in that sense. When you think about our guide for what’s happening with the math, you should think about – we’re going to have probably a low-to-mid single-digit headwind to the Aerospace growth because of the production schedule changes. And so we talked last year about it being rather minimal because the numbers were smaller. But now with Boeing announcing the stoppage of production and their mid-year return to service and their ramp up, their re-ramp, we are going to be taking down our deliveries to them much more significantly than we did in the back half of 2019. So, as we talked about, we will try to utilize some of our other existing backlog. And hopefully the supply base can provide us some additional material inputs, so that we can defer labor and try to serve some of our other customers in a way to offset some of that, but it’s hard to say how that’s going to work out. That’s – that’s why we’re – we are being a bit cautious, because that’s all very fresh news, as you know, within weeks and so the impacts to even our supply chain is unknown. So...
Greg Lewis: I would tell you that as we – as we exited the year, it was relatively stable. But I would tell you that also January with the China situation is going to be one we’re going to have to read into pretty closely. So, no, I wouldn’t highlight a huge problem to solve at this point just yet, but certainly there have been some weakening trends as we exited December and into January in a few places. Again, China, on the short cycle is one we’re going to watch very closely. Darius mentioned a couple of areas in Europe in particular as well.
Greg Lewis: Generally, at the end of the year, we carry an accrual. The way the calendar falls that are repaid every two weeks on a Friday, happens all the time, the exact same way. It happens next year, the Friday is going to be ready for the year-end.
Greg Lewis: Yes, so let me unpack that. First of all, we’re not giving segment margin expansion guidance individually. We should expect, of course that SPS will improve, given the degradation we saw in 2019. They’ve obviously got a lot more room to run given that depression we had this year. The other three businesses, I think all have, I’ll call it, equal opportunity on margin improvement overall. So that’s the way I would think about – think about that from a segment perspective. As it relates to the restructuring, a high percentage of the restructuring that we have on the balance sheet is cash-oriented, and we do expect that is going to essentially get carried out over 2.5 to 3 years time. As Darius mentioned, a heavy amount of that would be in 2020 and then in 2021 and a little bit of a tail off into 2022. But as it relates to the projects, you can think about them really in sort of two categories, those that are really tied to, call it, site consolidations. Those are above the cost of capital, clearly the high-single digit, low-double digit type returns, those that are more associated with, call it, back office productivity and organizational redevelopment and so on. Those are carrying far higher returns to them. So that’s kind of what we are looking at.
Greg Lewis: Yes, that’s in the ballpark. Again, we are at a minimum going to buyback 1% of our shares for sure. And then as we discuss this, if the year progresses, and we’re not seeing a lot of M&A activity and it looks like an attractive opportunity as we did here in 2019, we won’t be afraid to go back into the market and scoop up some of our own shares.
