Elena Doom: Good morning. Thank you, Jack. Welcome to Honeywell’s second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Dave Anderson. Today’s call and webcast, including any non-GAAP reconciliations, are available on our website at honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today’s presentation contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. These elements can change, and we’d ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our business performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning we’ll review our financial results for the second quarter, and share with you our outlook for the third quarter and full-year, and of course leave time for your questions. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Sure. We raised it by $100 million reflecting the second quarter revenues coming in at the high-end of our guidance. When you look at the businesses, for Aerospace there is really a little bit of a change, upward relative to the midpoint by may be $50 million. If you look at ACS, ACS is still on track relative to their, call it $16.4 billion to $16.6 billion for the year, so that’s up again at the midpoint slightly on – versus our prior guide. PMT is looking potentially a little bit lower, so $6.8 billion to $6.9 billion versus, that maybe at the midpoint about a $100 million less and then TS is, we’re still continuing the outlook there, given as Dave referenced the potential for some inventory correction in the third quarter, given the strength that we had in the second quarter.
Elena Doom: Andrew, so I guess the color I would start with is if you look at the large aero transport and regional market, which is really the big commercial jets, the aftermarket there was up 2%. And what we really were looking at there is an indicator versus flight hours with the fares growth. So the fares were up 4%. R&O was down slightly. From a regional perspective, I'd call out that China continued to see the same phenomena that we had in the first quarter with fares down large double digit partially offset by about a mid teen percent growth in the R&O business. So for total China which again, we've been watching because the dynamics have really shifted in 2013. The overall aftermarket was down slightly but significant and some good improvement versus the first quarter.
Elena Doom: Jack, we have time for one more question before we hand the call back over to Dave Cote for his final comments.
David J. Anderson: Pricing or commercial excellence is one of the things that we have focused on for a long time and it gets geared towards the value that we provide with a lot of our new products and services, but I don't have the number at the top of my head.
David J. Anderson: Well, the way we planned it and I think I've said this before, but we'd assumed about 80% of the sequestration impact and had contingency plans for the remaining 20% just assuming that that was probably the best bet is unfolded that way. We launched a contingency plan, so yeah everything we're reflecting and the way we're looking at the company going forward is to assume sequestration stays.
David J. Anderson: Yeah, the strategy remains the same, Scott, and we'll continue to be very disciplined as Dave said when it comes to acquisitions. We haven't lost our mind there and I'd say the next thing about having a full pipeline is it allows you to be more disciplined in what you go after.
David J. Anderson: Maybe I could just start there upon numbers, just add a little bit more color to what we talked about in the second quarter. Then I will ask Dave to talk a little bit about some of the innovation, some of the things that are really kind of continue to drive ESS growth going forward. We saw as I mentioned, in my comments, we saw good growth in the second quarter ECC security and in Fire particularly. The Fire was up 6% globally, ECC was up 5% globally and HSG, the Security business was up 7% globally. And the numbers are all better in the U.S. for those businesses. So, whether its call it retrofit, residential retrofit or some benefits of improved housing starts is a little bit of evidence as well as that when you look at the ECS, ECC homes business. It’s clearly, and the momentum has been building. You can see it. It’s not like its spiked. You actually can see the momentum building. And as Dave said, kind of back to the broader team, we completed our strap reviews last week; I mean there is just a lot of good stuff that’s going on within that group of businesses.
David J. Anderson: We tweak slightly up or overall revenue guidance for the year and if you could talk about that by segment.
David J. Anderson: One thing maybe just to add to that very quickly is Dave's kind of underpinning all of it is the continued investment that we make in the ERP, EPS implementation which is a big enabler and a foundation that's really supporting the efficiency productivity across all of the items that they've mentioned, Jeff.
David J. Anderson: Yeah, and that R&O growth which you cited and we had good numbers in the U.S., we had good numbers in EMEA. So that's what really supported it.
David J. Anderson: I'll think you'll see likely a decline, Peter, in 2014 for D&S but at a lesser rate than 4% that we're forecasting, guiding to for 2013.
David J. Anderson: I've mentioned earlier, Peter, when we talk about the fact that – I'm sorry, Shannon, we talked earlier too about the Aero business and we saw reasonably good numbers in terms of the EMEA or the European aftermarket for Aerospace as well. So, as Dave said, it's no single item but – I mean the good news is when you look at our short cycle businesses to your point there against the backdrop of the macros, it's really very good performance.
David J. Anderson: Yeah, you would anticipate given the point you make, Shannon, that's a good observation that the third quarter for example we're going to see cash flow probably a little lower than prior year as a result of that ramp-up in CapEx, so we'll probably give back a little bit of that favorability that we've got on a year-to-date basis as we've got very nice cumulative free cash flow favorability going into the second half.
David M. Cote: I think another way to say it is and this is a theme, Steve, where we talk about a lot is pricing and productivity more than offset inflation. That's what we're just going to continue to do.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I get a couple of comments. The first one is my biggest learning from going through a number of these kinds of investigations in the past is to wait to find out what the final result is before opining on anything as these things just – they go all over the place. The media loves it. So, any little snip that they pick up anywhere they report. And I've just learned that wait, wait until they've done the job and when you look at the AIB and the FAA, they'll do a good job sorting this whole thing through. So we'll just wait to find out what the actuals are and respond to it then. In the meantime with anything that have been discussed, we could say there's no significant financial impact to Honeywell in any way.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I think that’s where you were going. While at the end of the day quarter-to-quarter it's still, I mean lumpy is the word we’ve always used. Some don’t like it but it's true. Quarter-to-quarter is always going to be lumpy. Year-to-year though the forecast stability if that’s the word is pretty reasonable and should continue to grow. It's not just the end market goodness that we’ve seen. But you’ve heard me talk about it before when it comes to UOP, but we’ve done a significant amount of seed planting here. If you go back to when it was a JV, you’ve heard me say before that when one partner wanted to invest the other didn’t, and that was true for us too. And as a result of that there was 20 years of just kind of ambling along just terrific technologies, people, culture everything but it was really ambling along more than anything else. We really invigorated that when we took over the whole thing and put a lot more money into R&D and horizon free spending. You don’t see it right away, but over the course of that ensuing six or seven years, man it has started to pay off really well and that’s what you’re seeing the benefits are which allows us to put even more money back into it to develop new things. You’ve seen it happen in some of the cultural changes as they’ve expanded globally improving a reach that used to be more mental than physical and we just have more people out there now than we ever did before and all those things taken together the technology, the money we’ve put into it, the people outreach, the customer outreach is just really paying off very well.
David M. Cote: Well, I’d characterize it as we like all the businesses that we’re in, in aerospace, so we support them all with R&D. In terms of big programs that are all the ones which you’re familiar with like the A350 and the wins that we’ve gotten over the last four, five years. In terms of the overall spending growth investments continue in aerospace. I don’t know if we disclosed the specific numbers.
David M. Cote: That I would say, Howard one of the things that we’ve tried to do is consistent with the seed planting point is, we’re still investing in all the businesses when it comes to the growth investments that we’ve talked about because we don’t want to just make this quarter this year, we want to make it next year, six years from now, ten years from now; sp all the businesses are doing a really good job of reinvesting.
David M. Cote: I like both, both the mechanical and the electronic side, and increasingly we’re seeing an interplay between mechanical and electronic and that’s what you see with like the electric taxi. We do like the components business, the mechanical components business as we’ve discussed and there is a place where you can truly differentiate with technology, and I think Tim mentioned that we -- at Investor Day that we had about $4 billion in wins on mechanical components to, we had not anticipated in the past. So, I like the whole thing.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I would go back to the seed planting point Howard, it may seem like a – an overused message here, but man it’s the truth, its the money that we put in the past are just developing products that people want, that help develop adjacencies where people may be didn’t even realize that was a product that could solve their problem. We are doing that in every single business across the company and which you’re seeing in ESS is a function of that. So the only business that has continue to be a little bit slower is the sensing and control business largely driven by a weak industrial environment, but same thing there. They’ve got some great stuff coming that’s helping to mitigate that and I think portends a pretty good future.
David M. Cote: The collective wit that makes us assemble us but at the end of the day, as you know long term I'm very much a believer in China and what I think they can accomplish. And it's going to endure its ups and downs for a variety of reasons but I do think that that kind of 6% to 7% GDP type planning is the way to go. We have seen some downturn as we talked about in I guess the first four or five months of the year. I think that was more, I'd say, a correction than anything else responding to tightening money. We still see the impact of some of that on something like airline spares where in China I think the fourth quarter was up like 30% or 40% in anticipation of what was going to come, so first six months continued to be low. That's another one that I do think comes back at some point. So I'm a believer long term and I think we're going to continue do well there.
David M. Cote: Well, we had good growth. Let me talk a little bit about that, Jeff. We had good growth kind of across the board. We had good growth in aero R&O. We had good growth in the ECS short cycle you said at the number we mentioned earlier. But also in the long cycle businesses of ACS, we had good growth in UOP particularly at two projects that completed where there was revenue conversion. And HTT in the turbo business, what we've seen is kind of a rebound now in the commercial vehicle business sales and our penetration there, as you know, is good. So we saw good growth in turbo as well. By the way we expect that to continue into the second half, which is a nice tailwind for that business and into 2014. So it's not an individual business. It really is kind of – I mean there's a few exceptions that go the other way but in general when you look across the Honeywell portfolio, China looks pretty good.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I would say we're never going to be devoid of ideas and we were getting some of the same kind of questions if you recall, Jeff, even five or six years ago and I think as long as we keep focused on those key process initiatives, so the Honeywell operating system as you mentioned where we're just getting to the point where we're 70% or 80% bronze and we've still got silver and gold to go and there's big benefits in each of those cases. Functional transformation, you've heard me say we expect another 1.5 to 2 points of margin expansion over time just coming from that. And velocity product development which helps to reduce the overall cost of R&D and that frees up additional resources for us to be able to do more in new programs. So I'm going to point all three of those and say, every one of those initiatives helps us to come up with more and more ideas as we got forward. And it's not like we're scrapping the barrel to find ideas. There's still plenty more out there.
David M. Cote: I think that's a good point, Dave, because that's particularly true in ACS. If you take a look at that, that's the business that has been I guess the most complicated to get SAP installed and we're finally getting to a critical mass there with the 60% or 65% by the end of the year completed, and we're starting to see the benefits of that. So I still see lots of good ideas to come.
David M. Cote: Well, I'd say that's a tough one to ever sort out but I would say you're right about the focus on becoming the Chinese competitor. It does make a difference. It's not the easiest markets to measure when it comes to what the overall size is. But I do know that's making a difference. I'd be hard pressed to be able to say how much of the growth is because of the market versus what we're doing specifically.
David M. Cote: I think for us it's less of it – whatever Defense decline we run into, I think you've heard me talk about this some in the past. It's not that big a deal for us when it comes to what kind of the impact are we structuring because Defense is more of a sales channels than it is a let's say specific market with specific products. It's really just kind of similar jet engines that we make for commercial, go into military, APUs, the electronics. So it's pretty easy for us to just shift the engineering resources and plant production from working on Defense to working on commercial. People don't need to move. You don't need to rehire anywhere, so it's pretty straightforward for us.
David M. Cote: Yeah, this one's been pretty cool because when we first came out with the idea, there was a lot of interest more than I have to admit. I really expected right from the beginning because usually it takes some time. The interesting part is that interest has grown and the amount of publicity that we got for that electric taxi and the increasing speed so that it outraces a human today and will do even better in the future is pretty exciting. So there's a huge amount of interest. I can't predict when the first order comes in but I'm pretty confident in this product. This really looks like we jointly have a winner here.
David M. Cote: It's been – I'd say the short cycle side has actually been showing improvement and we're not ready to declare victory on this one yet because it's kind of – it's tough to see end market or macro conditions supporting a big bounce there, but it's been encouraging to see so far the new product introductions that we've had do help. Our expectations were low and we've planned pretty conservatively, but it's been pretty much across the board on the short cycle side. Turbos did better, the ACS businesses did better so it's been kind of across the board.
David M. Cote: I would say the plans haven't really changed to your point but both the UOP and fluorine plants we need to build because we have the orders for them already, so this just more a matter of timing than anything else.
David M. Cote: Thanks. Very well. We continue to be confident in our ability to outperform even in this weak macro environment and all the feed planting we've done and continue to do for growth in productivity around the world and in every business makes a huge difference for us. So thank you for listening and have a great summer. See you.
