David Anderson: Let's start with CPG dilution. Depending obviously on whether August or September, and that's our best judgment at this stage given the regulatory approval process. We would anticipate $0.04, $0.05, John, of dilution this year from the sale of CPG. Offsetting that, of course, on the positive side as you've mentioned, is the lower guidance now relative to the ongoing pension expense. So that's about $90 million of difference or $0.08 to $0.09 of favorability. We're going to pick up some improvement, obviously, as a result of our change in foreign currency. And then overall, we feel that between the actions we'll take as a result of the deployment, if you will, of the FX gain on CPG, our revised plan relative to share count and then just the continued strength that we see across our businesses, all of that gives us confidence to be able to more than offset that dilution and to be confident to take the guidance up by $0.10 and be in that $3.60 to $3.80 range.
David Anderson: Maybe comment just very quickly on the ACS core margins for the quarter, really, influenced by labor cost actions which you're very familiar with, as well as obviously the dilutive impact of now Experion. So on an adjusted basis, actually good margins for ACS in the quarter. Relative to commodity costs, John, a couple of points. Number one, no real change for us relative to what we assumed when we provided our initial guidance for 2011 back in December, on December 15. There's been some puts and takes with some general inflationary pressure but nothing that would change come to the surface in terms of any influence in terms of our margin expectations for ACS or other businesses for 2011. Now importantly, you'll recall that about 75% of our commodity buy is we really have, call it, natural hedges. That is both through our customer contracts as well as our supply agreements. We have provisions that really protect us in terms of any significant volatility in terms of commodity costs. So we think we're smartly positioned. The only commodity that tends to move more on a mark-to-market basis is copper. And frankly, as it is embedded in most of our products, there isn't anything that's a significant swing there. We've also seen, as you know, just a little bit of recently relief from copper going from I think, it's gone from about $4.40 to about $4.10 in the last six or seven trading days. So we're comfortable with the commodity outlook and the assumptions that we've used.
David Anderson: Just has to do with the regulatory approval process, John (sic) [Jeff]. And just our expectation of what the Rank Group will go through given there are other holdings. What they will go through in terms of the necessary HSR process. I think that's a reasonable time frame.
David Anderson: They have some to more of what we think will be a review of four to five to six months. We don't anticipate any issues whatsoever. But from a timing standpoint, we think that's prudent timing.
David Anderson: Well, I think you're going to see nice margin progression in each of those businesses, Jeff, in 2011. As we've talked about before, we're going to see the benefit, obviously, in Aerospace of the continued growth in the Aftermarket business. More of a coupling in terms of that rate of growth with global flying hours, but continued nice progression there. The other thing for Aerospace and generally, obviously, across all of our businesses is we'll now be transitioning in terms of those labor cost headwinds that affected in particularly, the second half of 2010 reported numbers, reflected our reported results in terms of margin rates. So we'll see very nice conversion rates in Aerospace. Those will begin. You'll start seeing some of that in the first quarter going to really progress over the course of 2011, quarterly over the course of 2011. For ACS, also nice conversions at or above their historic levels. And again we'll see the benefit of strong products businesses, the absence of conversion costs. And we'll also see more of the integration savings and the lift through of the Experion integration savings and cost synergies benefit, as we progress through the year and not mitigated by the cost to achieve those synergies. So early on as we go into aggressive restructuring and integration savings with our acquisitions, the cost to achieve mass, the actual benefits. You'll see that flow through in the second half of 2011 and see very nice rates of progression in terms of conversion for ACS.
David Anderson: Well, I think one comment to make is we're looking at 20% to 25% -- 27% growth in terms of earnings on a year-over-year basis. I think if we said 15% to 18%, we'd certainly jump on the wagon with you in terms of the conservatism of our outlook. But we're starting, Bob, as you call, with a very strong outlook. So what we're really doing here is some fine-tuning at the front end of the year to give you our best judgment in terms of the upside that we see as a result of events as we know them. So I would say we continue to look at an aggressive 2011, one that we very much think is also achievable.
David Anderson: Well, the $0.04 to $0.05 gets put together just simply CPG is a little over $1 billion of revenues in '10. So just think of that in terms of continuation of that top line for '11 generating margins of about 11%. So if you look at that on an EBIT basis, we're talking something in the $100 million, $110 million kind of range in terms of segment profit contribution. Obviously, we're going to lose that to four to five months of that, Bob, in the latter part of this year. So that's the $0.04 to $0.05 of dilution that I mentioned depending on the 8 1 to 9 1, which is our sort of best judgment at this point in terms of a close. So offsetting that, as we've mentioned, is the smart redeployment of the approximately $200 million after-tax gain that we anticipate on the transaction, as well as the smart strategies that Dave referenced around the redeployment of the cash proceeds. So we think between those two, it'll help offset the $0.04 to $0.05 dilution in 2011. But importantly, we'll fully offset that dilution on an ongoing basis. So 2012 and beyond, the run rate benefits that we'll see as a result of both the redeployment of the gain and the smart redeployment of the after-tax cash proceeds on the transaction will really show up for shareholders. That's something you'll be able to track and see in our forward earnings.
David Anderson: Well, we will. We'll restate revenues and segment profit. So we'll see the first eight months or nine months, again, depending on the timing of the close. Also reduce our reported revenues and segment profit for the year by using the disc ops, let's say, all of 2010, CPG will be subtracted from 2010. So you have $1 billion of revenues coming out, and $110 million to $115 million of segment profit coming out in 2010. So on a comp basis, on a year-over-year basis, you really won't see the fee percents change in the absolute change, but the fee percent's going to change. And on an EPS basis, still be the lift through on a consolidated pro forma EPS basis will still be the lift through of that $0.04 to $0.05 of dilution in '11.
David Anderson: I'm sorry, $0.04 to $0.05 is for the four to five months. And the numbers I mentioned in terms of revenues and segment profit includes disc ops for the entire year.
David Anderson: Sure. Let me talk a bit about that. We saw very good growth as I mentioned to you in ACS, TS and Specialty Materials in the quarter. We saw ACS revenues in the fourth quarter were up, I think, it was 20% in China, 21% in India. We saw in Transportation Systems, 27% growth in emerging regions in the fourth quarter. And in Specialty Materials in China notably, up 23% in the fourth quarter. So for the full year, ACS China just to cite a number, up 20%, Transportation Systems up 28% and Specialty Materials up 10%. So very good double-digit growth in those markets and basically we looked at India, you'd be looking at very comparable kinds of numbers in terms of percent changes on a year-over-year basis. And importantly, emerging regions has continued to increase as a percent of total Honeywell revenues, and we're marching smartly toward up to 20%. We're in the 17% range in 2011 in terms of emerging region as a percent of total revenues.
David Anderson: We had $46 million was the number actually for the BGA launches, the pre-production costs paid to OEMs in the quarter. We had over $100 million for the year, and we're looking at a lower number, Scott, in 2011. These things get launched a little bit lumpy year-over-year. So we'll see some benefit in terms of reduction of launch contributions in 2011.
David Anderson: The capacity that we'll add over the next year is really going to be driven by launches. And smartly, what we'll do is add that capacity in emerging regions, which is really where a lot of the growth is that really serve those markets. So I don't see that as affecting incremental margins in that business. We're just going to continue to benefit from volume leverage and fixed cost leverage in the Turbo business. I don't see that. If that's your point, I don't see that's detracting from or mitigating the outlook for margin expansion in Turbo.
David Anderson: In fact, Scott, maybe if we could just spend one moment on that. I mean, really, the good news is as follows: Number one, very strong cash from operations. So very strong free cash flow. Number two, strengthening of the pension funded status. We would anticipate with the contribution we made in the first quarter and a use of the portion of the proceeds from the CPG divestiture that we'd be looking at global pension funded status at 90% plus in 2011, assuming an 8% return on assets and a 5.25% discount rate with rates that we've used as our core assumptions and where we ended the year in terms of discount rates. So strong free cash flow, very healthy pension funded status, which really mitigates significantly the need for future funding. Ongoing, as I mentioned, share buyback to mitigate and eliminate share creep and continued growth in terms of dividend. And acquisition capacity as a result of the strengthening of the balance sheet and the significant diminution of the pension underfunded status. So it's actually a good news story in terms of the balance that it brings to our cash redeployment strategy and the strengthening of the outlook for M&A for Honeywell going forward.
David Anderson: Yes, if you look at the fourth quarter as we've talked about and as Dave just mentioned, there really is a big contribution both from the labor cost, headwinds and also Experion. So I think it works out to be about 50-50 between those two in terms of the impact on the margin rate for the business. And as Dave said, you'd see attractive incrementals but for those items in the quarter.
David Anderson: There's a normal contract indemnifications. It's very, very clean in terms of what the structure of the transaction.
David Anderson: Well, we don't provide that level of detail. But I will tell you that ACS is an important component of that just because of the nature, Steve, of the business, as you know, in terms of just the number of people that we have in ACS and the global nature of that business. So it's an important piece of the total, but we don't provide that level of detail.
David Anderson: Well, let me just take the first part of it and maybe we could just make sure we're clarifying the second question that you had, I guess, it was regarding an HBS pricing. But on the first part of it, we are anticipating good growth out of the Solutions businesses in 2011. But we don't see that in terms of the mix impact that's going to in fact, negatively impact the margin progression for ACS, Steve, in 2011. Sort of the big headline for ACS for 2011 is going to be good growth across the products, as well as the Solutions businesses. The absence as we progress through the year that increasingly, the absence of those labor cost headwinds and as I mentioned earlier, the benefit of the lift through of the Experion acquisition operating income. That's really what's going to drive it. Those are the things I think you should think about in terms of driving pretty attractive incrementals for ACS in 2011.
David Anderson: I said that Solutions was going to have good growth in 2011, but I don't think the difference is that great between the Products and the Solutions.
David Anderson: No, it won't do that. But the mixed impact in terms of Products versus Solutions for 2011 for ACS is not going to be visible. It's really going to be -- the headlines are going to be the incrementals associated with the now full essence of labor cost headwinds, and the flow-through and benefits of lift through of the incremental margins and profitability from Experion.
David Anderson: Well, you know, Steve, that we have an important piece of that business that is formula-based pricing. So that's one of the benefits that we have in terms of mitigating the inflationary impact of commodity costs. So the answer would be in those businesses, the answer is obviously, yes. But there's nothing that I would suggest in terms of the overall market conditions that would suggest there's any different into the outlook for 2011 for Specialty Materials versus 2010 relative to price realization.
David Anderson: It'll be a positive for us. That's a good question, Shannon. It's going to be a positive for us when we look into 2012 and it will be part of the, call it, accretive redeployment of the proceeds. That $400 million, which again is an estimate at this point in time that we're using, but a good sort of placeholder for you to think about in terms of the deployment of the cash proceeds of the sale. That will provide us with incremental earnings per share in terms of reduced ongoing pension expense, which will help offset then the full year dilutive impact of sale of CPG in 2012.
David Anderson: Yes, there's a little bit. We had some furlough action in the first quarter of 2010. And so there will be some headwind that'll show up in the early part of the year. But beyond that...
David Anderson: The fourth quarter revenues were up significantly. We had, as you know, we announced the Petrobras order and that really is significantly added to the orders in the backlog. But even excluding the Petrobras order, orders were up over 36% in 2010's fourth quarter for UOP compared to the prior period. So as Dave said, the business is absolutely on a roll.
David Anderson: There's always going to be some lumpiness in UOP and you'll also see, obviously, the influence of mix as a result of royalties and license income. The important thing for you to think about I think is that not only is the backlog good, but what we would anticipate in terms of that mix of business going forward, '11, '12 also looks very good, Shannon. So UOP's poised very well, here for the next 12, 24 months.
David Anderson: I think for Aero overall, I think that's probably a pretty good way to look at it. And as we said, Peter, we'll sort of just stay tuned as the year unfolds relative to Defense. And the leadership team there is just doing a lot in terms of -- as we've talked about, in terms of resource allocation, opportunity pursuit, international opportunities, et cetera. But I think it's a good way to think about it.
David Cote: No, I think that is the right way to look at it. And I do think you could point to the pension piece, I suppose, John. But the way I would look at it is we're selling CPG, we're getting the proceeds and we're covering that. And for us to be taking up guidance at this point in the year is generally unusual.
David Cote: Yes, I'd say as we look around the world across China and India, Middle East we're still expecting we're going to do well. We think U.S. will do well. Europe, we're counting on it being a generally slower environment. To the extent that it's better than that, then most Turbo numbers will be better than what we've projected because as Dave pointed out, we're really just counting on new launches at this point and diesel penetration within an existing market. So I'm actually -- I love our Turbo platform. I think there's a lot of goodness to come there for a lot of years.
David Cote: We also assume that, John, even with the advent of the recession and the crash in commodities prices, we assume they would come back up with a recovery because there wasn't a lot done on the supply side. And as demand started to come back, we track these 10-year curves on commodities cost so we had a pretty good sense for it. And we don't think this recovery in commodities prices is unusual and it was very forecastable, which we did actually. We assumed it would be going back up and we planned that way.
David Cote: But I'd add that's going to be true for SM and TS also. Margin rates are going to be improving in all four businesses as we pursue that. I know it's a simple strategy, but it sure works. And that's to grow sales faster than your markets and then grow fixed costs slower than your sales, and you get unbelievable leverage from that. And that fixed cost focus we have with our OEF effort I mean, again, it sounds simple, but it really works.
David Cote: But the bigger issue, Scott, to the question you're raising is labor cost actions that we took last year that aren't repeated this year or were done in '09 that were not repeated in 2010. And that's the biggest driver of that lower conversion you're talking about. The conversion is actually quite good in both businesses and it's why we're still pretty darn good about 2011.
David Cote: Our biggest issue is those labor cost actions really. I mean, for both businesses in the fourth quarter. If you go back to the fourth quarter of '09, we had reversal of bonus accruals and we took a lot of furloughs. And that was just -- not only did we cover that in 2010 in the fourth quarter, but we increased margins on top of that. So if you look at the margin rate increase excluding covering those labor cost actions, it's quite substantial.
David Cote: Scott, going back to your question on the conversion, we do have the data. If you took a look at Aero in the fourth quarter excluding those labor cost actions, the conversion rate is more like 45%. And if you take ACS, excluding the labor cost piece and the onetime M&A items from Experion, it's more like 20%. So conversion rates are very consistent with expanding margins in 2011.
David Cote: Well, I might say the same thing just a little differently and that is we preserved our industrial base so that we'd be able to respond quickly to the recovery, which we have figured would come. And we took out the furloughs that we did in the prior year and the IC or the bonus reduction that we took the prior year we’re not repeating this year. And so it's kind of same thing you just said. But just maybe a little different. And the key thing is it's covered in the year. So 2011, you still get the same kind of margin expansion and in fact, we think better given everything we did to reset the company in the recession. But at the same time, you don't have that offset that you do for reinstatement of those labor costs.
David Cote: Well, I would say there's always bits and pieces. It's a $35 billion company. So there's always stuff that you look at and say, it might fit better somewhere else. Let's come up with a smart way of exiting. But by and large, the big stuff's done.
David Cote: Yes. Steve, I think a reasonable way to think about this is without those labor cost actions having to cover that, fourth quarter margins would have gone up in every business.
David Cote: So a lot of good news for you overall today. The fourth quarter was strong, with strong orders rates going into this new year. And that allowed us to be able to take guidance for 2011 up $0.10, even as we cover CPG's departure towards the second half. And that sale of CPG and the deployment of the proceeds in a way that further strengthens the company but also more than offsets the dilution. So we think this is going to be -- just portends a terrific future for us. In addition, we continue to progress on all our strategies, and that's on every front. The seed planting that we've done and continue to do lays terrific the groundwork for continued and ongoing performance.  Now early last year at our investor conference, we laid out five-year sales and margin rate targets that some considered ambitious. And we're excited now about the prospect of actually over achieving here because in the first two years of that five-year plan, we're actually ahead of the plan that we showed last year. So we think there's a lot more good news ahead for our investors, and we hope to see many of you at our investor conference in March. Goodbye.
