Darius Adamczyk: I wouldn't say there is anything unusual. We obviously had a very favorable mix as reflected by the commercial aftermarket. And that was probably a little bit even more favorable than we had anticipated. But I wouldn’t say there is any kind of onetime charges other than the impact of a more favorable mix of business than we had originally projected. That's really the function. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah, I mean starting with the CapEx, Jeff. I mean we've been peaking in 14 to 16 north of $1.1 billion or so. That will be down in the $900 million range or less in 2018 and will continue to go down. We've got continued emphasis on our working capital, hoping to get another half a point of working capital terms. [Indiscernible] toolset is helping us with that.  On pensions, the plan is at the end of the year was funded close to 105%, right now it's funded probably 110% or more. So those assets are driving more income if you can believe that. But from a cash perspective it is non-event with the plants fully funded, there are no contributions for the foreseeable future we think that's in pretty good shape. And we'll continue to drive the conversion. I mean our cash conversion in 2016 was 86%. We told you we're trying to move towards a 100%, we hit 90% in 2017. And we think prospects are good to drive that further in '18. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, and share repurchase Jeff, right now, the plan is to do what we normally do as I said. So, we will be offsetting any dilution that comes up as a result of option exercises and contributions of employee benefit plans. But as I also talked about on the repatriation, there’s an opportunity materializing and the timing is -- needs to be further analyzed.  Our priorities overall remain the same and we prefer to prioritize bolt-on acquisitions that can be accretive to our businesses. But like in 2017 when the market was a bit more frothy for us in terms of opportunities we chose to deploy it towards share repurchase we did, a 1.5 billion in the fourth quarter alone, 2.9 billion for the full year. And we were able to take the share count down for the year over 2%. So that’s the kind of approach that we’ll continue to head into the year with.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. Exactly. They have to convert their software from Microsoft based to Android based. And we’re offering our customers a choice, some of them are making that conversion others are maintaining their current platforms. 
Darius Adamczyk: John, I’m going to optimist. So, I always believe there is upside, but I think there is a couple of factors going first. Number first is working capital has been a point of emphasis, we saw, we had our senior leadership meeting shake-up already in January and I can tell you, it was one of the two major, major highlights that we talk about. Number two is Tom talked about the reduction in CapEx and I think it’s important to note we’re not constraining CapEx, it’s just that we have gone through a fairly substantial investment cycle. And we just see that waning a bit, but if we see great projects we’re going to continue to invest. But nevertheless, we anticipate that CapEx never being lower this year and even potentially next year.  And then three is just it will be, we’re looking at all these working capital levers and all the businesses have, what I called pretty aggressive targets in terms of working capital. But then also last thing to add is, we’re still assessing a lot of these moving pieces when it comes to the new tax legislation. Particularly as it relates to cash taxes, because as you know, we have kind of 8 years to payback, that one-time fee. So that’s offset somewhat by the reduction. So, we still had some work to do in terms of the overall impact for the year and Tom and and his team have been working through all those details. 
Darius Adamczyk: No. That’s a good question, because that can be a very, very dangerous phenomenon. I can tell you that every one of the SPGs and that’s something we already implemented last year, they’re really watching their inflation in the impact on their product costs. And I am very confident in saying that all of our businesses have a very good process to monitor that inflation of products and making sure that they’re passing that through to the marketplace. And frankly, the inflationary environment for our goods, it’s not new, it’s really been in place last year as well, particularly in second half. So, we’ve been watching that one carefully and for the processes in to make sure that we monitor proactively. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I mean our original guide that we gave you in December Steve was under the provides [ph] of the old law. And every year we anticipate some cash benefit from the tax planning that we do. In fact, in 2017 we did realize some benefits there. So, it's not as this we had just taken the -- put off the breaks on tax planning and the cash management around tax planning in that original guide.  When you look at 2018, there will be some benefit certainly on the U.S. side from that lower cash tax rate. But it's offset by the payment of the mandatory toll charge. And we need to continue to study the developments in legislation before we step out and say it's going to be a huge impact. I mean the guide range that we gave was fairly wide in any case from 5.2 to 5.9. So, I think we're still comfortable this early point sticking to that range.  As you know we had substantial overseas cash and retained earnings. So at least for the next 8 years that is going to be a bit of a cash drag because we got to take that onetime tax hit.
Darius Adamczyk: So, I think not a lot has changed since December. I mean we actually expected a more robust fourth quarter as we said earlier from a top-line perspective. And so overall, the momentum in each of the businesses is strong and we expect that to continue. And maybe there will be some upside on the top-line, but in terms of things that we're -- the large things that we're concerned with we haven't articulated, there is nothing about source here. Most of the assumptions we talked about in December are still intact. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean I kind of feel like I did that last year, kind of the low to mid-single-digit, 30 to 50 that kind of range. I think we’ll probably -- just to give you a little bit of a preview, I think you should expect to see something in that similar range going forward. But yes, we will give a refresh on that outlook. And I don’t know if it’s going to be as precise as laying out every year because you’re not going to get out four, five years, I think it’s a little bit more unknown and we go through a recession or something you end up kind of not looking so smart. But I think the kind of framework that provided last year’s margin will be kind of should be your expectation for this year.
Darius Adamczyk: No, first of all, the key message was that I thank them for a really nice 2017. I think we had a very nice year across the board and I think it was a good time to recognize the kind of outstanding effort that the team contributed. So that was sort of first key message.  In terms of priorities for 2018, I’d say two or threefold. Number one, working capital, I talked about that. We want to drive free cash flow. We want to drive free cash flow conversion. I just want to emphasize too that this is sort of where a very healthy and well-funded pension plan is actually hurting us from a cash flow conversion perspective. And I always emphasized that because somehow, it’s forgotten.  The second point is software and software not just in our connected enterprise, in our connected -- but really the incorporation of software into anything and everything we do. So, software and the sensors strategy for any and all products that Honeywell launches.  And the third one was much more about innovation, making sure that we leverage the latest and greatest technologies are available in the marketplace today, and making sure that those are reflected in our NPD pipelines and so on.  And then the last one is that we kind of had a bit of a -- we have different behaviors that we’re trying to incorporate in the company and reemphasize leveraging and exhibiting those behaviors in everything we do.  So those were some of the key messages from our senior leadership meeting.
Darius Adamczyk: I think for us undoubtedly, this is a very constructive outcome, I mean we were supportive of tax reform, we’re very pleased with what ended up happening, I think it’s going to be good for U.S. business. For us, certainly see a much greater level bullishness on the part of our customers, which should translate to continued investment. And you’re right, their CapEx is our revenue and we do expect some level of investments to accelerate.  Now, I think it’s a little bit early and I think we sometimes forget that the details of this are still becoming clear, it’s only 30 days old and what the implications are for us. I mean for us, we’ve been bullishly investing in the U.S. already. I mean, if you think about our elevated CapEx that’s been in place for the last two to three years, a lot of that investment went into manufacturing jobs, particularly states like Louisiana and others.  In addition, we’re aggressively hiring a lot of software engineers, particularly in our Atlanta COE and we’re going to continue to do that. So, we haven’t and we’ll continue invest in the U.S. Now this is longer term as we assess further investments with this, does this make U.S. more appealing place to invest? Absolutely, we think that this makes the U.S. a much more appealing place to invest and as we may contemplate further investment. U.S. will be near the top of the list. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think as we discussed, we think the environment is still getting better. But I think what is also important to know is that, we’re coming off a much stronger year ’17 than a weaker year, which is ’16. So all-in-all, we’re still very bullish and I’m very excited about our prospects, more excited than going into ’17. But nevertheless, the baseline is a little bit different in terms of specific for your question on aerospace. Yes, I think the framework there on the business jets is similar to we’ve been saying. We expect some level of acceleration, but more likely in the second half of ’18 not early, particularly some of the new platforms we're launching and deliveries taking place. So that's a cautious optimism reflected in the growth rates for probably more later rather than sooner given the year. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. I mean I think overall, our pipelines are very strong. I think you have to remember that our PMT backlog is up 10% on a year-over-year basis. And we had positive orders growth in both UOP and HPS in Q4. But I would tell you also the pipeline and the project pipeline are strong. And I think what's important in terms of the price of oil is sustainability is that we don't like to see is it bouncing around. So, to the extent that it stays at this level is right around is a very healthy environment for investment. So as long as this is sustained I become that much more bullish on our outlook in PMT particularly UOP and HPS. 
Darius Adamczyk: That’s an inside information now. Scott, I think it's funny. You can see us in the room I am actually smiling at [indiscernible] Because that's actually -- I think your point is spot on. I mean I think -- what I think is underestimated today's is there is an opportunity to simplify a lot of our legal entities. That is an effort that actually we've already launched and is leading that effort. But I also think that something has underestimated the level of complexity in this new tax structure in terms of versus where we're going versus where we are today. So, I applaud the new tax code and we think it's extremely helpful for U.S. business. But it will require us to restructure ourselves and we do believe that new structure long term will be simplified, will cost us less, will make a lot easier to do business. Can I quantify that for you right now? I can't. because we literally just started out work a couple of weeks ago. But I do anticipate there will be a source of value for Honeywell and our shareholders.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I think probably the right answer is, it’s a little bit too early to tell because we would like to see that reflected in kind of the order rates on the part of our business jet customers. But one would have to believe that this should have a positive impact on the overall demand. I think from now we are kind of sticking what we said before is that we anticipate some uptick in the second half of this year and stronger environment in 2019. But like I said I think it’s just a little bit too early to tell the real impact, the new tax code is 30 days old and difficult to project at this point the impact it has. But sort of logically tell you, it should be an up arrow for us. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I would add to that though that we have not really been constrained in where we’re looking like, our M&A team and the businesses haven’t been saying well let’s not look into US as we don’t have cash as we’ve always able to accommodate that with our capital structure and that will be -- continue to be the case even more so now.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I mean I think both through sort of our attention, we do these -- as our business before and after the spin, I mean we want to make sure that these are incredibly successful. We have very focused management teams in both the spins businesses. They are doing a great job in running their businesses but also getting ready for the spins. I am very confident that the teams in those businesses are focused on delivering now, and after the spins take place. So, I think there is also proper incentives that are aligned to the success before and after the spin is well, which we have taken care of and put in place.
Darius Adamczyk: And I think just add to it, we have a full blown, what we call de-integration team, which is staffed by senior leaders, whose full-time job is nothing, but the focus on making certain that we have a successful spin in place and execute the business in the near-term. So, we have the right level of focus on this. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean, Peter, we haven’t been really focused on the merger of others, I think what we’re really been focused on is executing our strategy. I continue to be extraordinarily excited about our division for connected aircraft. I think it’s been just relating, it’s reflected in our rates, certainly been a factor in the United win, and we’re getting more and more traction every day. And I feel good, because we have. If you think about the real estate in the scope on an aircraft, we have the avionics, and we have the mechanical systems and we have an integrate plan and integrate our offering. I think we have a very compelling vision for the kind of value we can create for aircraft owners, maintainers, passengers, pilots, create a more efficient, more safe experience for everybody. And that’s not visionary, that’s not a dream. That’s something that we’re executing, selling and generating revenue in today. And we feel that’s a very unique place to be in the aerospace industry and frankly we are the only ones that are executing it. I think probably our biggest opportunity or challenge at the same time is just being able to communicate that clearly and add value to end customers. But as you can tell by some of these wins, we’re doing that more and more effectively. 
Darius Adamczyk: Well thankfully we got another reprieve. It's kind of one of those things that’s more timing than anything else. There is a slight risk at volumes pushout depending on shutdown and so forth. But I think we're -- I don't think we are anticipating any significant adverse impacts from those activities. 
Darius Adamczyk: Yeah. We're extremely bullish on China. It was an absolutely terrific year for us in China. Being close to 30% organic growth rate in China last year and it could be a slight down tick from that rate maybe. But we continue to see double digit and planning on double digit growth rate in China for us. So, we're bullish there, and that was every business. Every business grew and I think really kind of figured out the calculus as to how to be successful in China, acting like a local company. Our whole value chain now is localized. And the great news and the one that I'm really excited about is we make similar progress in India. So, I think we're really firing on all cylinders in China and India. Back to your Europe question, we're also bullish on Europe. Europe it's continued to grow we're seeing growth in Western Europe not seeing a lot of trouble spots here. So, as we head into '18 as I said, I continue to be bullish on a global basis in terms of our prospects for growth. So overall strong environment. 
Darius Adamczyk: Well, I think number one is that aftermarket in the services business are going to continue to be strong both through sort of what I call the proactive segment as well as the great fix. We talked about the business jet OE which is -- our plan is that as acceleration as we get deeper into the year. And on the narrow bodies, obviously this is going to be really aggressive growth for our customers. so that's sort of a rough framework that we're planning for in 2018.
Darius Adamczyk: No. And on the OE side, we'll continue low-single digit kind of growth all in. is the plan. I mean that could change quarter-to-quarter and very quarter-on-quarter based on customer delivery schedules. But I think we're planning on an overall commercial OE growth rate in that range. 
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you. We’ve begun 2018 with significant momentum including strong order rates, a growing backlog and favorable US tax legislation. We are excited by our prospects both in near term and long-term as Honeywell continue to outperform. I am looking forward to speaking to you next at our annual investor conference on February 19th here in Morris Plains. Thank you.
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah you might be thinking about an incentive comp Jeff. But the 270-basis points expansion most of that was the combination of the volume mix and productivity that we generated. I think the incentives were probably 0.5 of the 270, so small piece of that.
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah. And Jeff it's kind of reflected in the cash guidance for 2018. I think even if you only take this midpoint of our guidance it’s a fairly healthy increase and as we discussed at length last year, we're going to continue to make progress on cash generation and cash conversion. Just like we showed in 2017, we've reached magical 90% level and that’s kind of where we want as a starting point. 
Thomas Szlosek: No, I mean as you can imagine fourth quarter is a big volume quarter for our businesses. Aerospace in particular, you have a lot of OEM customers and we’re kind of partnering with them to meet their delivery schedules. Those change. And sometimes they -- their deliveries push out which was the case for Aerospace, most of that slight moderation of growth rate was due to Aerospace OEM. But as you saw the growth in aero and Honeywell for the fourth quarter organically was still very strong and we had better mix in Aerospace at the after-market as I said.
Thomas Szlosek: A little bit in -- look, a little bit in PMT as well, lower margin stuff in PMT. But no trends per say, more binary kinds of things either large transactions in most cases.
Thomas Szlosek: Yes, I mean we’re selling both types of products, and as a matter of fact. The majority of the installed based in productivity products is still most of the software is still written in Windows based code. So, we foresee continuing robust sales on the Windows product offering. But as we discussed on multiple calls, last year, Android is becoming a much more prominent part of our portfolio offering. We have launched some new products in Q4. We launched some in Q2. And then we have a pretty big launch coming up here also in Q1. The great news for us as we highlighted in the announcement is we’ve already secured some major wins with these new offerings that are Android based. So, it gives me a lot more confidence around the future of the products business. But rest assured Microsoft page mobility offerings, we’re still selling those fairly aggressively and they still make-up more than 50% of our sales. 
Thomas Szlosek: Yeah and Steve just to maybe to add on to it. I mean first of all as you know 60% of our business is short cycle versus longer cycle. And we're in New Year [ph] so it's I think only on the year it's best to be prudent and just really a little bit more on the caution side to really see how the business evolves.  But having said that I can tell you that I'm a lot more bullish on the year heading '17 into '18 versus '16 into '17. I think the comps are a little bit tougher. But nevertheless, as I look across the entire business portfolio, I can't think of a single business where I would view as a down arrow versus '17. So overall things look good. But we have to see and see that the business materializes and comes through on the P&L, I think first quarter we will see how things go and after that we’ll back to discuss it with you and see what adjustments we need to make for the year.
Thomas Szlosek: Just add a little color on that. When you look at the momentum that we have in the U.S., overall, we closed the year 3% organic growth or so in region. But it was the fourth quarter that was pushing close to double-digit. So, I think there was some anticipation of what was coming possibly and we’ll see how that goes. I mean so far, so good at this early point and in January as we look forward. But it’s hard to make that direct connection between the benefits from the legislation including expensing in the CapEx and our order rates, but we’re looking forward for sure. 
Thomas Szlosek: Yes, the only other thing we have going with is the mandates and some of the software after-market offerings that we do on the business jet side. So, we might not be clicking away at the double-digits, we certainly are getting new technology investments for existing platforms.
Thomas Szlosek: I don’t know if that dramatically changes it. I think given what our -- may be the only thing that’s certainly very helpful for us is the ability to bring back some more cash in the US, it certainly makes US based acquisitions a bit easier to execute because now we have got more access to cash. But in terms of focus or I think our financial metrics are set up such that the hurdles are that --- adjustment in the tax rates will be reflected in the financial metrics we look at. So, does it dramatically change the calculus? I am not sure. Other than we will have more fire power in the US, which is important and it’s important to have that kind of flexibility. 
Thomas Szlosek: Gautam, this is not an effort that’s being done in some far-flung part of the company. The team, the spin code team is executing on the transactions, actually reports into Darius and I directly. We do involve the business as being spun. But we want them focused for the most part on executing on their operating plans. And that’s the way we’ve structured. The 2 objectives of the spin team are, one, day 1 readiness for those organizations and we have a very strong cadence and operating system around that in terms of systems, in terms of people and staffing and doing all the regulatory filings and so forth. So that’s very rigorous.  Secondly, its stranded costs, and with 20% of the revenues from the remain co [ph] going with the spin, we need to right size the company. And so that SpinCo leadership team also is in the process of managing that cost structure. So, Darius and I get regular weekly visibility to it. We put on some of the most senior people in Honeywell to do this and we’re encouraged by the progress we’re making. 
