Darius Adamczyk: Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 9 and talk more about the aspirational approach we are taking to our ESG commitments. ESG is more than just an initiative for Honeywell. It is a common thread that ties our businesses together and help us shape the future of the company. . At a corporate level, we have set aggressive targets to reduce our impact and protect the environment. We've reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by over 90% since 2004. Committed to set a target for Scope 3 emissions, the science-based targets initiatives, we have pledged to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2035. Our world-class manufacturing sites go above and beyond our own strict requirements with 17 sites achieving ISO 50001, the global energy management standard for establishing, implementing, maintaining and improving energy management. In this segment, a broad portfolio of ESG solutions help our customers lower their environmental impacts as well.  We're driving the next evolution of energy through sustainable aviation fuel, both through traditional renewable feedstocks, using our Ecofining process technology and now with ethanol feedstocks using our new ETJ process technology, reducing emissions at manufacturing sites and improving worker safety of gas cloud imaging technology that can quickly identify leaks.  We're supporting the circular economy through our Honeywell Aerospace trading business, which takes retired planes and recycles used parts, reducing landfill volumes and providing quality certified parts to customers. We're improving occupant well-being, and energy efficiency in office buildings for our innovative indoor air quality offerings.  You can find out more information about Honeywell's environmental impact reduction and innovations in ESG technologies to our recently published 2022 ESG report, which is available on our Honeywell Investor Relations website.  Now let's turn to Slide 10 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. We're executing on our value creation framework with the rigor you can expect from Honeywell. We met or exceeded our third quarter guidance for all metrics despite ongoing external difficulties, and we raised the midpoint of our full year organic sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance as well as increased our segment margin range, fully absorbing a series of higher-than-previously anticipated negative impacts, including FX.  I am encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio, and I remain steadfast regarding our ability to deliver differentiated results in 2023 and through this cycle. Thank you to my Honeywell colleagues for your unwavering drive to deliver in this challenging environment.  With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. And maybe just to add a couple of things, Steve. I think it's always done a great job expanding margins in a very difficult environment. And frankly, they have the toughest pricing environment out of any of our businesses. So they've done a great job.  As we look forward to next year, there's a lot of puts and takes. I mean, the mix will get tougher, some credits that we have to issue. So the OE growth is not obviously a favorable mix scenario. Now to offset that, the miles travel in the aftermarket business, we don't expect as robust air miles next year as we do this year. However, it's offset by the fact that we do expect more wide-body miles next year. And as you know, the aftermarket opportunity of wide-bodies to narrowbodies are roughly 3:1. So all in all, we expect a solid year. The backlog at all-time records continues to grow. I think aero is positioned for a great year in '23.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean I think it's too early. We're certainly not changing our long-term target. If anything, next year will be helpful to get into our long-term target. I think we've signaled some of the softness in the warehouse automation and I do think '22 will be the bottom, and the business will grow from that going forward and show good margin expansion in '23. Exactly what it's going to be is difficult to -- at this point, but we're certainly not changing [indiscernible].
Darius Adamczyk: So let me maybe kind of start with the first one and I'll turn over to Greg for the second one. On the first one, I mean, the short answer is a little bit of both as we do think sort of the valuation is becoming much more appealing which is driving an improved pipeline, which is driving more activity. Now I think reality does have to set in with sellers because obviously, everybody wants to value their business what it was 12 months ago, not what it is today. So sort of we're kind of fighting some tailwinds and headwinds.  I don't think the environment is going to dramatically change in the next 3 to 6 months in terms of valuation. So that's why we think '23 could be still a very appealing environment. We're trying to and we are improving our pipeline. And I can tell you that we're out there, but we also have to acquire properties at the right value point, particularly given today's environment uncertain.  I'll just tee up the second one. And I'll turn it over to Greg. I mean, yes, the pension headwinds will be substantially higher than they are this year. Whether or not we do more restructuring is a TBD item, frankly. But I just want to emphasize something. We have an overfunded pension plan. We don't anticipate any cash contributions no matter what happens. And this is a bit of kind of a nothing item. So that's sort of -- I just want to put in the right content.
Darius Adamczyk: And one last comment here, Jeff. As you noticed in sort of our outline for Q4 and the year, we're going to be at the upper end of our repo number that we provided for guidance, which means we're really preparing the business for sort of a little bit rougher environment in some of our businesses, not all of them because of [Technical Difficulty] well positioned and HBT will do okay, and we've got some challenges that we talked about in SPS.  So we're basically doing a lot of that kind of work ahead of time, and we're pulling in a lot of our restructuring activity to 2022. Q4 will be a robust quarter, and that's all meant to position the business for strong '23.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think I'll answer your second one first, which is we -- it's really to -- earlier to tell Julian, I think we're going to work through that. I think all I can tell you is we're going to expand margins. That, you can count on.  How much? Unfortunately, you're probably going to have to wait until the end of January or early February, whenever we issue our Q4 results and guidance for '23.  On your former question, I just would like to point out a couple of things. If you exclude the impact of Intelligrated, and was a very big bookings quarter last year, it's high single-digit growth for bookings. So just keep that in mind. So I'm actually pretty happy with the outcome. That's a strong outcome and it's still up low single digits, inclusive of Intelligrated. So I think that's a good outcome.  As I look at sort of regions and so on, as you would have expected, China was a little bit softer in Q3. There were some spots in Europe on the bookings that were softer, particularly in HBT, not a big shock. Those were a couple of soft spots. On the flip side, North America was strong. Middle East was strong. There was kind of a balanced mix, some puts and takes. So really nothing dramatically different than our expectations .  Warehouse automation, we expect it to be down. It was. We expect the North America to be strong. It was. We expected some soft spots in Europe. There were. So all in all, generally pleased with not just the revenue outcome, but really the orders outcome as well.
Darius Adamczyk: And I would just add, the algorithm going forward is probably going to be a bit different. I mean, as we look into '23, we're probably not going to enjoy this much of a change from price and we'll probably get Q3. Q4 still we expect to be relatively strong. But the algorithm kind of changes in '23. I mean, Q4 will probably gain some very, very modest volume leverage, that's what we're coming on and much more volume leverage next year, probably a little bit less from price.  So kind of how we make the year and how we grow margin expansion for '23 is going to be different. That's -- the supply chain has been frustrating, but it is slowly improving. I mean, we dropped our pass-through backlog in HBT, SPS, PMT, granted in aero a bit of a tougher problem. But even if you look at aero and if you look at our outlook in Q3, it was actually up slightly versus Q2. And normally, I'm kind of -- if you take a look at the averages over the last 5 years, Q3 output is about 4% to 5% lower in Q2. So there is some incremental benefit coming through in the supply chain. And we expect that to continue. So our algorithm for value creation will be different next year.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. So let me kind of unpack both of those. Unfortunately, there's no simple rubric that I can give you for defense and space because we have...
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, because we have such a broad scenario. And I think if you look at programs like hypersonics, T55, those are some of the helicopter engine programs. Those are obviously all good for us. You've got to remember, there's -- this obviously wasn't our best quarter in terms of defense and space. But we do think this is the bottom. Our backlog went up and it went up substantially. Our orders were up high single digits in defense and space. And we actually think that this is the trough, and we expect growth in defense and space for '23, if you want some early color on that.  So we've kind of seen -- we've seen a bit of a turn in the corner in terms of defense and space. Our back -- long-cycle backlog was up double digits this quarter. So we're kind of optimistic in terms of what's going to happen in defense and space going forward. I've obviously been a disappointment this year, year-to-date, but we really believe this is the bottom.  On the R&D tax credits, until we see them, we're not going to call it. As you know, we've been probably the only, or at least one of the very few companies that took that out of our cash outlook at the initial consensus back in January. I mean that hurt us to the tune of $400 million. We've stuck with that, and we've proven to be right so far.  Now what's going to happen in the lane duck session in November and December, I think that's, frankly, anybody's guess. And anybody that thinks that now it's going to get through, I don't know. I think -- I personally think it's a coin flip. It could go either way. We certainly hope it does. But if it does, our cash outlook for '22 is going to look a lot better. So that's kind of where we are.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. So for SPS, I mean, I think on the PS' portion, it's been softer. That's -- we're lapping some very, very difficult comps. We have been sort of record volumes and orders in Q3 last year, nothing unexpected. It's probably a little bit better than the market. And it sort of dialed into our algorithm going forward.  What I will tell you is that our backlog is still relatively strong. I mean, granted we've liberated some of that, but our backlog is still at an elevated position. The other thing I would tell, which was also a good sign is that sort of the channel inventory days of supply in North America actually dropped in Q3, which is always a good sign. So all in all, it wasn't the most robust quarter there, but not different than our expectations.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes, I would just say that probably the sweet spot for us continues to be sort of in that $1 billion to $5 billion purchase price. We're not wedded to it. I mean, one of the things that -- and I mentioned this on the prior earnings call is that I probably would stay away from sort of the tiny deals unless something is very, very, very strategic because it takes up a lot of energy, and I'm not sure it moves the needle. So I think we're going to be probably inching up in terms of the size of the deal. I never say that mega deals are impossible, but they're probably not likely.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I think you see it in our outlook for next year. We expect to grow free cash flow next year, roughly -- sort of roughly in line with EPS, excluding the impact of pension, which is going to be a major headwind. So -- and I think if you look at our performance this year, we are still retaining our original free cash flow despite substantial headwinds. But I think that this is a really important point that I would like to just emphasize because I think we're one of the few, if not the only company out there that hasn't actually taken the free cash flow number down for the year. And we faced some substantial headwinds this year.  I mean if you think about just since our consensus since our outlook call in January, we got about $0.15 in EPS between Russia and impact of FX on EPS. And about -- on a year-over-year basis, about 1 point -- $1 billion of revenue headwinds. So -- and on a year-over-year basis, EPS impact between Russia and FX is closer to $0.30. So I think what we really need to be talking about is how much we're actually raising our outlook for the year that we're maintaining. And I don't know that that's widely understood. And I think it is differentiated.
Darius Adamczyk: Yes. I mean you're right. I mean there was a tiny tick downwards in our path to backlog. It went down in PMT, HBT and SPS but went up, it was offset in aero. And we are seeing some improvement in the supply chain in those three segments. But unfortunately, we -- when you combine robust order rates in aero, there's some substantial issues in aero supply chain. Aero went up and went up substantially.  So I think lead times are still long. They're getting better, especially in SPS and HBT. And frankly, the big unlock for aero as we look to '23 is actually labor. And that labor for Honeywell because we actually have labor, but from some of the Tier 3, Tier 4 suppliers. And if there is a recessionary environment in '23, that actually may be not helpful for the aerospace industry in terms of labor. So that's -- hopefully, that helps.
Darius Adamczyk: Thank you. I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered a strong third quarter results and continue to navigate effectively through multiple uncertainties of the typical level of operational rigor and agility you've come to expect from Honeywell, enabling us to drive superior shareholder returns. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. I think our view on margins is pretty consistent. I think we'll -- fourth quarter will look similar. Could be up 10 or 20 basis points. Could be down 10 or 20 basis points, something like that in the quarter as we continue to unlock the supply chain.  It's a bit early to be providing guidance for next year, but I would expect we're going to continue to be managing through the growth that we're seeing in OE. We have an investment portfolio. As you know, we talk a lot about the R&D investments we're making in the business. Aero is not the biggest grower of our margin expansion, as we've talked about. And I think that's going to remain pretty consistent into next year, too.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. Yes. No, that's right. And the pension headwind is large. I mean, it could be approaching $0.70. That, as you probably know, doesn't get finalized until the end of the year, and we'll snap the line on interest rates at that point and discount rates, and we'll know what the overall pension asset has done during the course of the year. But it's going to be meaningful, but it's, again, noncash, and as Darius mentioned, we think we'll probably come down a little bit in repo, but not nearly enough to offset the order of magnitude that noncash pension income will put out that.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. As Darius highlighted, I think the most difficult spot for us has been in Aerospace for sure. And we actually -- we've done better than you probably would expect in the long-cycle businesses going and repricing the backlog because we have seen inflation there. So we have had some good success in our projects businesses going back and getting price.  The products businesses are definitely the bigger driver of all of that, as you would imagine. And so that's, I would say, PMT, HBT, SPS are all having very strong pricing power in the products businesses in particular.
Gregory Lewis: Yes. So in terms of the risk that pricing declines, I mean across a massive portfolio like we have, I'm sure there'll be spots where that may be true and what we keep looking at is our elasticity demand to make sure that we're not destroying demand. So -- but broadly speaking, we do expect positive pricing next year. As I said, inflation is not going down, it's moderating. It's still at an elevated level. It's just kind of leveled off to some degree. So that's what I would say, not a risk that pricing declines broadly speaking, but I'm sure there'll be pockets where that may be true.  In terms of free cash flow back to 100%, we've talked about that ratio, frankly, is not a very helpful one. We think more about it as a free cash flow margin, and we talked about our mid-teen kind of a range, and we're confident that we're going to be able to deliver around that. So the 100% free cash flow, I mean, it's probably going to be some time before we get there, but that's not really our objective. We're really looking at a healthy mid-teens free cash flow margin as the right barometer for us as a company.
Vimal Kapur: So let me start with the pricing in Advanced Materials. Absolutely, we got strong pricing because we have a differentiated product line. And that proves our focus on new products and differentiated position. But across the board in PMT, our pricing has been strong also in other segments, too. So the PMT pricing growth is not only Advanced Materials story. It spreads across Process Solutions and UOP segment also. SPS question, Darius, I'll let you...
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So our business, as we mentioned during Investor Day and other events that we are much less linked to upstream. We are much more linked to downstream segment in PMT. So the volatility in oil price does determine customer decision on how they want to spend capital based on the returns they will get.  What we have seen there is that investments are slowly getting better. We clearly see investments getting better in the sustainability side of the portfolio. We continue to roll more and more offerings in that segment. So that's how I will see linkage on the oil price.  Speaking more broadly of the PMT portfolio, look ahead, we remain confident of a good growth year for PMT in 2023. That is supported by the capital growth to a certain degree, sustainability investment, but also we're going to carry stronger backlog for Process Solutions. And as it's a long-cycle business, that will convert in 2023. So overall, we remain quite optimistic on the PMT performance for the next year.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So I think specifically in Intelligrated, as we mentioned that we are seeing a reduction in volumes there. So we are really focused on how to make the business processes more robust in this cycle. So we're taking a lot of actions on our process maturity digitization in the business so that we come out stronger in our margin rate expansion in 2023 in the times to come. . On your broader question, yes, I'm looking at opportunities across Honeywell, how we can drive our long-term commitments on organic growth and margin expansion and working with all my SPG colleagues and Honeywell Connector Enterprises, and we are committed to make run our operations better so that we can deliver our long-term commitments on earnings.
