David M. Cote: Well, there's always, it's going to sound like a repeat of an answer, but it is true. We always have a pretty full pipeline that we're working, and there's some bigger stuff, some smaller stuff and you just never know when they're going to hit. You just don't, and you've heard me say this before, but it's like working in a retail store. You open up at 10 O'clock and nobody shows up till 2:30, and then five people come in the door at the same time. It just works that way. For last year, a lot of that came together in a very good way, and we're hopeful that it can continue again this year, but it's not one of those things you can guarantee, because we are going to stay very disciplined. It's the same rigor that we've used in the past, we stick with and I think my old team would tell you that I paid personal attention to every single one of these things on a nonbinding basis, a binding basis, the integration reviews with as much vigor as I did 13 years ago.
David M. Cote: Yeah. We'll talk more about this at Investor Day, but you can expect that the catalysts are going to continue to do well, and Tom provided you some of the data and can provide more color, but catalysts will continue to do well because there's still usage out there and there's still demand for refined product. That's not going away. And that's really where demand comes from for us on the catalyst side. You're also going to hear more about the Parex cycle and how that changes. It tends to go through cycles, and we'll be coming up on a new cycle for Parex as we get towards the end of this year and into next year. When it comes to new projects, yeah, you're right, there wasn't as much, as many new projects put on the board as they were in prior years, but we actually took a lot of those hits last year. So as we start looking at kind of the comparables, as you go from one year to another, we should start seeing that coming out I'd say again towards the end of this year and more into next year. So while it's been a difficult transition, it helps for us that this diversity of opportunity you hear me talk about where oil and gas is only about 13% in total, so it's been manageable, not easy, but manageable, and I think you're going see UOP getting onto a growth path again as we get into next year. So, Tom, I don't know if there's anything you want to add.
David M. Cote: Well, thank you. As you know, I've been advocating for a long time that doing well in operations should make a difference. Operating earnings matter.
David M. Cote: It's going to be very good growth. I can understand Tom's reticence of the double-digit, but I would say at the end of the day there are several phenomenon. One, the commercial market – both the commercial market decline and currency are masking the growth that we're getting in, say, PV side, both gas and diesel. That's going to continue, and when commercial goes the other way and you don't have an offset impact to currency, I think you're going to say it looks pretty darn good.
David M. Cote: I don't know about taking market share so much because we really don't compete with them all that much. There's maybe a couple of places that we do, but there's not – the biggest overlap is really just kind of the service side of this, the Honeywell Building Solutions.
David M. Cote: So because there's not a big overlap between us, I wouldn't say there's a big share opportunity there for us.
David M. Cote: No. I don't feel compelled to do it because somebody else is. And I feel like we're big enough and we're going to perform very well on our own. That being said, as you know, many times I've said I'll never say never to doing something large even though it hasn't happened in 14 years, because you never know when that opportunity presents itself but, so I'm still open to it, I guess, but it's got to be a smart deal for own share owners, otherwise, we're going to do very well on our own. I don't feel like we need a lot of big help anywhere.
David M. Cote: Right now, I'd have to say it feels just fine. I know last year we got surprised the other way. This year we're not getting surprised. But it's three weeks, so who can tell how the whole thing's going to go? But it's – I would say we're not having to deal with the same kind of negative surprise we had last year.
David M. Cote: No, it doesn't really have any effect on us. And you've probably heard me say in the past, this diversity of opportunity that we talk about for the company in total applies to our Aerospace business, also. We're tied to basically everybody. And if you take a look at what's happening in the aerospace industry, the biggest thing for us is that flight hours increase. And flight hours last year were up 4% or 5%. They're likely to be up 4% to 6% again this year. And the big thing is that planes fly, and as long as they fly, and as long as there's a need for the kind of upgrades that we keep talking about, and as long as the technology keeps progressing towards this kind of connectivity and the need for airlines and passengers to just be connected better than they have in the past, those are all good phenomena for us. So no, it doesn't really have an effect on us. The big thing is flight hours continuing to grow and the technology, especially on the software and connectivity side, continuing to develop.
David M. Cote: Yeah, I can't put any numbers on it at this point, but so far – and I think you'll get some of this at Investor Day – Tim's pretty excited about what he's seeing, the sign up rate and the speed with which they're able to acquire new customers here, because the value that Tim's able to add through is connectivity and the services, and now we're going to be able to expand that with Satcom1, Aviaso and COM DEV, along with the technologies we acquired with EMS. He's pretty pumped up about where he's going. So, so far, yeah, quite good.
David M. Cote: Well, a lot of places. And that's been one of, I guess, Tim's – one of Tim's big insights, as simple as it sounds, is 90% of life is showing up; and just Tim showing up in a lot of these places that we didn't in the past is making a hell of a difference. So that's going to continue around the world.
David M. Cote: Jeff, I'm a little – while you got to like the market reaction, I got to admit, I'm still a little surprised that, after 14 years, people are surprised by us doing what we say.
David M. Cote: Well, as we tried to show in the Investor Day a couple of years ago, I used the $10 billion as just an example because I felt like in our previous five-year plan, we got no credit for what we could do there, even though I tried to talk about how much cash capability we had ahead of us. And if you recall, I said at the time in there that we had something like $20 billion to $30 billion in capacity over the next five years when you looked at cash generation and debt capacity as EBITDAR grew. I'd say that's still the case. We've only deployed about $6 billion, $8 billion out of the $30 billion or so we're going to generate and the capacity that we'll generate over that five-year period. But we still have a lot of room to grow. In terms of how big we'd be willing to go, I guess it would depend on how good the opportunity would be. If we have something that could generate great returns, and we think there's forgiveness in the numbers and the ability to execute, then yeah, I'd be willing to go larger. But by the same token, it's got to make sense, consistent with how we've talked about deals in the past.
David M. Cote: Well, let me just – since you brought up HOS Gold, I should add it's a lot more than just a productivity story. I would agree that HOS was that way because that was really focused on our factories and we brought that into the functions with functional transformation, but HOS Gold is much about the breakthrough goals and what that does to excite growth as it is a basic cost productivity. And I think you'll be quite encouraged with some of the stuff the guys are going to share, along the lines of something like three-quarters of our breakthrough goals involve software, the progress that we've made in breakthrough goals and how that's shown up. But HOS Gold is as much about growth as it is about productivity. In fact, I'd say probably even more so. When it comes to the acquisition side, I'll let Tom handle that one.
David M. Cote: Well, actually I don't think it's a change to the story we've been telling. It may be how it's been perceived. But as you know, before we embarked on this CapEx expansion, we were generally over 100%. We said we had the opportunity to invest about $1 billion here at 30% and 40% IRRs that, yeah, they don't show up right away, given the magnitude of the projects. But it does show up, and when it does, it's quite good. And we've always thought that made sense. And the focus on free cash flow conversion, I found a little interesting, because I felt like a number of investors thought that I should pass up 30% and 40% projects so that I had good conversion that I could then invest in acquisitions at 15% IRR, which doesn't make a lot of sense. And that's why we said we're going to run this for the long-term. So we always planned on getting back to 100% as soon as we were done with the CapEx expansions. And Tom saying it was, we feel a message that we've been saying all along. But if it resonates better because we said it again, then great because that's been the message all along as far as I'm concerned.
David M. Cote: Well, here's the part that is probably going to be frustrating for you, because while the answer is right now, no, I hope they do. Because if we have $1 million projects for 30% and 40% IRRs, I think you should want me doing that.
David M. Cote: No, I think it's still pretty much the same. We've said before, it's better than the slow growth we see everywhere else. But that being said, it's still slow overall.
David M. Cote: Well, there's no doubt, it's a slow growth environment. That being said, whether it's slow growth or high growth, we believe your best bet is Honeywell because we do what we say. Our strong diverse portfolio and our ability to execute really does make a difference. Thanks, guys.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah. Just to put a little more color on what Dave said, I think the orders and backlog are holding up okay in what is a rough environment. As I mentioned, UOP orders were up over 50% in the fourth quarter, and that was across all their business lines so equipment, licensing, gas, and catalysts. So it's – and the backlog itself is held up pretty well. I mentioned 0.95 book-to-bill ratio. I mean the backlog is down mid-single digits is the way I would characterize it. When you talk to Rajiv (41:51) and the team, they are very excited about what's going on in chemicals and petrochemical catalysts in particular. We are the clear leader in that space, so when you think about aromatics and olefins and other things where we have a significant amount of presence, it's a big opportunity for us. So overall, I think it's – while we'll be continuing to be lumpy, the prospects are good.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Hey, John. You did say double-digit top line growth. I wouldn't – while I appreciate that sentiment, I wouldn't go quite that far. But it is a very strong, they do have very strong prospects. The position is very good, and our global presence, I mean, where we are versus where our customers are positions us very nicely and the business has – it's probably the best run supply chain that we have. So as long as the car market remains intact and there's orders, we're going to be on those platforms and no matter who the OEM is with our technology and with our ability to deliver.
Thomas A. Szlosek: It's a good question. I mean, as we – and we gave you our guidance for the full year on both UOP, HPS, and the like. And given the backlog dynamics that we talked about as well as the visibility that we have into the service bank and HPS, in particular, we're still confident in the full year outlook. The first quarter is really a factor of this timing, and particularly in UOP catalysts. I mean, we were – we had a strong first quarter in 2015, and we had a huge fourth quarter in 2015. So both of those kind of play on the impact for – on the overall PMT. So minus 11% to minus 13% for the first quarter, yeah, but still confident in the overall outlook as roughly flat.
Thomas A. Szlosek: No. I mean, we closed on December 27, and virtually very little commercial activity. So we did do whatever pro rata portion of the purchase accounting that was required, but it was de minimis.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah. I mean, I can't speak to the details of Q4, but as we look forward in 2016, Jeff, it's at or better than what we've modeled in our TVA. I mean, the prospects on the metering side in particular as the rollouts continue to occur in outside of the U.S., across all three of the metering platforms are very exciting for us. So you can think about mid-single-digit growth there for us. And also, the gas combustion that's going into ECC is also holding up in terms of what our expectations were for 2016. So, so far so good. I mean, we're early days in the integration, so a lot more work to do, but it's consistent with what we had expected.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, we had a nice fourth quarter in orders on gas processing, Steve. There was a – one or two of mega projects that really contributed to the gas processing orders growth. There's a handful of things that we're pursuing internationally now. We don't really comment on the individual prospects, but I would say it's enough to keep the team busy. And we'd like it to be bigger, though. We'd like the pipeline to be bigger.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I think the – I mean, it's a good question, Nigel. I think the expectations from a seller perspective, I don't think we've seen them moderate to any significant degree. I think you're referring to a private equity and your ability to get financing, maybe that's capping what we're seeing. I think you still see robust expectations from sellers. But with that said, I'd repeat what Dave said earlier into the question, which was our cadence around M&A is the same as it's always been. We take a look at opportunities every month in every business. There's plenty to talk about in each of those businesses. The sizes of the opportunities vary. And some of them could be sizable, like Dave said, but there's an equal amount or more that are of the size that we've historically done. So really nothing's changed. I can't say that anything is imminent except for the closure of COM DEV knock-on wood. So that's the environment, and we're overall encouraged that we can hopefully do something similar to what we did in 2015.
Thomas A. Szlosek: That line will go down. To your point, Nigel, it's a subtraction from our earnings, represented the 30% minority interest in UOP Russell. We purchased the remaining 30% near the end of the year, and what that does is eliminates that deduct. We always had the full 100% of UOP Russell in our segment margin. So this will be an improvement to EPS but not necessarily to sales or segment margins.
Thomas A. Szlosek: Yeah, I would add, Steve, to that, that, I mean, our businesses that participate, and they are, as you know, mostly ACS, Fire and Security had outstanding years, outgrew the market. So if you consider, I don't know whose number you want to believe, but the ones that I hear, say, non-resi grew somewhere between 4% or 5% in the year. We're certainly above that in some of our products businesses. As we talked about in HBS, we had constraints from the declines in the energy retrofit business. I think that's more of a timing issue than anything else. So, overall, a very strong 2015, and the prospects continue to look pretty good for the period we have visibility for the next few quarters.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: So, Dave, nice quarter. It's got to make you feel a little bit better about the Pats' loss last week.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Sorry. I had to dig a little bit. Let me start on that – let me kind of start on a near-term question. Last year, I recall January getting off to a really slow start. It surprised you. It surprised us. I think it was down 8%. Maybe talk a little bit about just your quoting activity on the short cycle businesses over December/January, and how that's trending versus your expectations.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Okay. That's helpful. Maybe one last question for Tom, just going back to PMT for a second, it seems like you're starting off the year pretty slow with organic growth expected to be down 11% to 13%. The guide for the year, I think, is down 1% to plus 1%. So I fully recognize the comps are tough in the first quarter, but maybe talk a little bit more about the confidence and the implied ramp for the rest of the year, especially given the catalyst shipments, the fact that backlog was up in Process. Just curious to hear some thoughts there.
