Elena Doom: Good morning. Thank you, Leo. Welcome to Honeywell’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Here with me today are Chairman and CEO, Dave Cote; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Tom Szlosek. This call and webcast including our non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our website at honeywell.com/investor. Note that elements of today's presentation do contain forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our businesses as we see them today. Those elements can change and we would ask that you interpret them in that light. We do identify the principal risks and uncertainties that affect our performance in our Form 10-K and other SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter, then review our outlook for the second half and the rest of the year and then leave time of course for your questions. So with that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave Cote.
Elena Doom: Scott, I would say that you’re seeing light vehicle production in the quarter was flat and so for turbo we had organic growth of 5%, so 500 basis points was within that range.
Elena Doom: I think we also mentioned that we do have other softer comps, in particular Aerospace for OE and also the Transportation Systems relative to both were up mid teens in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Elena Doom: Well, thank you for your participation today. I do want to turn the call over to Dave Cote for any final comments.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, Scott, I’m happy to answer that. As you know, historically, our approach to M&A has been really a bottoms-up process from the businesses. So each business has resources, it has an action plan to maintain a robust portfolio of M&A targets and that’s what you’re seeing generate the deals that are done over here. And as you alluded to, did the appointment of Roger into the Vice Chairman’s role and one of the things Dave tends to do was to focus with our M&A team on the pipeline and that portfolio. So we’ve kind of gotten a top sound focus from Roger in addition to the process that we’ve had in our history. So, what you’ve got is you’ve got two ways of looking at it and when you look across the portfolio, we are seeing quite a bit of interest as a result of this process. As you know, we’re quite active in looking at potential deals in Aerospace, ACS and in PMT and I think that activity will continue.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I think Dave hit it on the head, Scott. It is quite lumpy but because of the long-cycle nature of it and we referenced the backlog earlier. I mean we had a record backlog 2.6 billion, up double digit from last year and we have good insight into what’s going to happen quarter-over-quarter and that backlog dissipates and will end up in our P&L over a fairly short timeframe, a year and a half to two years. So, we do feel like we have a good track on forecasting that.
Tom Szlosek: Well, we do end up with a regional mix difference that can impact us, because we’ve got a strong position in Euro diesel and that was one of the things that really helped us with that industry bottoming out this year, so all the wins finally started to show up as opposed to mitigating the decline we were seeing in Euro auto. But overall, yes, it’s going to continue to grow well for a long time.
Tom Szlosek: Steve, like we said, first of all there is a lot of excitement around the combination of those two businesses and we do think that marketwise it’s going to enable us to better serve the common customer base that’s there. I think you’re referring specifically to HPS. I mean the second quarter orders were very strong, up 7% on an organic basis and that’s another quarter of pretty good growth for them on the order side. As I said, that hasn’t factored into our full year guidance, UOP as well. As I said, both orders and backlog are strong. Talked about the lumpiness, but the same trajectory. Both of those businesses [really fits] (ph). And unlike the TS1 that Dave said, I do hope we get a little bit of productivity out of that combination as well.
Tom Szlosek: No, I mean full year UOP will be 5% as I said, down 8% in the fourth quarter. First quarter was 9%, the past quarter was 17%. We’ll see mid single digits in the third quarter and probably 8% to 10% down in the fourth quarter. But full year we remain on track and again that order and backlog should be very strong.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I would say Jeff the growth in the products business that are serving commercial buildings are reasonable, I mean mid single digits in the second quarter. I expect that to continue for the remainder of the year if not accelerate a little bit more modestly. In terms of the pure building solutions business, the business in the U.S. was tempered a bit by the energy business. We have a couple of really large projects completed since 2013 that tempered the sale. In terms of the orders broke there, it’s flat globally but on the Americas side it’s been picking up to mid to high single digits.
Tom Szlosek: First off, if you look at it in pure financial metrics, we’re not decelerating at all on investment with new product. For example, if you look at R&D investments it’s not – that’s not per se generating productivity, but when you look at productivity across direct materials and our people costs, I would say that has been as strong as it has been in the last couple of years which is the way I look at it.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I’d say, Howard, the way we look at that one is a year ago everybody – when we closed the deal it was a business that was not very profitable at all and you fast forward to now and if you look at what we’ve done just to look at the multiple that we pay in Intermec today and you would say we’re at 17, 18 times multiple. And you factor in synergies it’s gotten and that are in place, we’re down to sub 5 type multiples. It kind of gives you an idea that we feel like we’ve been successful. So when you look at the plan itself, when you look at both revenues and the income and the cash, all of those metrics were performing a lot better than the plans. John and his team with Scanning and Mobility as well as the Intermec have really have done a nice job integrating those two businesses.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, John, the way I think of the Defense and Space business is it has two pieces of products business where we’re dealing with the U.S. government and/or the prime contractors. And then there’s the service business that’s largely unrelated to the Aerospace industry and that’s where we’re seeing the most pressure. Thankfully it’s a lower margin business, but that’s where the top line for Defense and Space are the most pronounced for us. We’re now approaching periods where we’re going to start lapping comps, so that pressure will subside. The other thing we’ve got going on there is the international side. If you’ve read the paper this morning, I mean unfortunately those things happen but that tends to bode well for military budgets outside of the U.S. and so we’re seeing an uptick, as Dave referenced, in sales in the international side of Defense and Space. So you got some balancing dynamics going there. I think they’ll net to the positive as we head into the second half of the year.
Tom Szlosek: There’s been a conservative effort to find larger deals with Roger joining in that area. I do think that he has the tendency and the license and idea of looking across Honeywell and trying to identify opportunities that might touch on more than one business or that might be an adjacent to the three business segments that we have. That might lead you to think there is larger deals in the making. But I would say that’s not the primary objective. The primary objective is to augment those existing portfolios and find good growth ideas that are in industries alike.
Tom Szlosek: Yes, I would say the Middle East has been outstanding for both UOP and HPS and China’s [lending] (ph) those were very good. But it’s not like the U.S. is…
Tom Szlosek: Well, I think on RMUs the sales levels are very strong. It’s just that we had such an uptick in the early and middle part of 2013 and really into '14 that we’re starting to lap through that are really strong, but we’re sustaining the level of new product development there and the offerings, they’re going on to those platforms particularly on BGA side particularly as it relates to software.
David M. Cote: I’ll answer first and turn it over to Tom, but I’d say on an annual basis it’s pretty forecastable. They don’t have a lot of inventory to have to fool with in the first place. A lot of this is a technology sale. I mean there is some inventory but not a huge amount. It’s between quarters that can be more variable but even that variability is generally forecastable. It’s just that you can end up with lumpiness when it comes to one quarter versus another, but we generally have a pretty good handle on what’s going out the door.
David M. Cote: Yes, I mean I guess what I’d say is that I reemphasize that the growth profile that we’ve got going, I mean it’s in all of our big regions; I mean in North America both on the diesel and gas side with strong double digit growth, China’s strong double digit growth on both diesel and gas as well and Europe’s doing pretty well as well and the commercial vehicle side in Europe particularly is very strong.
David M. Cote: No, not really. In fact, our turbo business is pretty lean already and I’m hoping when we reference operating practices in the release, I’m hoping for more leanness to transfer into the Aero business looking at turbo as a model.
David M. Cote: I might modify that a bit. I agree on size. Subscale, I don’t know whether I’d call it that. Including that industry their scale is quite good. On the technology side, it’s one thing to tell two businesses that, hey, would you guys cooperate but I could say over 12 years there’s been an evolution there. It used to be the Aero business wanted to charge the turbo business $200,000 per person for cooperation. Yes, you might remember those days. Things have changed a lot and we’ve progressed to the point where we co-locate engineers, as I’ve mentioned in the past. That being said, you still get a different dynamic when you put the businesses together. We’re putting them together in a way that allows us to get much further advantage on that technology benefit that we have with Aero technology because turbo is just a derivation of a jet engine and we’re the only guys who have that. We want to take further advantage of it, but I’m also hoping for a lot more of those lean practices to transition into Aero, because the Aerospace industry is, let’s say, right with opportunity when it comes to running more leanly than it does today. And while I’m pretty proud of what we’ve been able to do, where we’ve been able to get to it, at the end of the day I think there is still one hell of a lot more opportunity there for us and this is a good way to have best practices in-house that they can be looking at.
David M. Cote: I mean a lot different than what we said back in March just because I don’t think that much has changed since that time.
David M. Cote: Overall, what kind of interesting is our Europe orders have actually done okay as you’ve been hearing us say for the last two or three quarters. So I’m a little surprised actually given that the overall economy doesn’t perform all that well and we don’t have a lot of expectation to the economy to perform all that well over the, say, next two or three years. That being said, our orders were okay there.
David M. Cote: I’m not sure what their expectation was either but I’d say overall we still think that’s a growth market.
David M. Cote: Well, that’s something we pay a lot of attention to all the time and in several different ways. One of the things we’ll be doing that more in the future is through this HOS Gold effort that you’ve heard us talk about and as especially as we go through the planning or what we call STRAP exercise, we spent a lot of time looking at that. And I can’t say that we look at it with threatened to fail if they don’t kind of come up to par, but at the end of the day I’d say I’m really encouraged by the upside I see across the portfolio and the implementation of HOS Gold and the ability to raise sales growth and margin rates everywhere.
David M. Cote: We continue to do very well with everything south of the Rio Grande and you look at the big ones; Mexico and Brazil, we continue to do well there. Mexico, we’ve got about 14,000 employees. In Brazil we’ve got about 1,000 and our sales have been quite good there. In terms of investing, I still think that there are places where you think about it before you do it. It’s not a no-brainer. But overall those have been very good markets for us.
David M. Cote: The other thing to recognize, John, is as we’ve said before, Defense is really more of a sales channel for us. It’s not like we have – while the jet engine might be unique to a certain defense application, at the end of the day it’s still coming out of a jet engine factory that also produced in commercial.
David M. Cote: Well, as you know, I’ve been one the guys who has generally been more negative on the global outlook for the last four years and so far it has been a pretty good call. So I’d say the way we’ve forecasted this year and the way we’ve looked at our five-year plan is pretty consistent with that. I never counted on much and so far it has been a good call. So I feel pretty good about where we are and what we’re saying.
David M. Cote: I’d add, Chris, that while we did an okay job on origination, as Roger started to get into this around the company looking at it within the businesses, across the businesses and adjacencies that might make sense, he’s really invigorating the overall kind of origination process. But I think it’s going to give us a lot more ideas to work with than what we’ve had in the past. And you’ve heard us talk about many times that we have and want even more of a robust pipeline. If the more ideas you have, the more stuff you can go after, the more opportunities it gives you and it also allows you to be more selective. You can end up being I’d say in a much better position to negotiate if you have nine other good deals that you can’t do so that you don’t do something silly when it comes to pricing.
David M. Cote: Well, I guess it depends how you define larger but I would say – you have heard me say many times we never say never on any of this because it’s going to depend upon the construct of the deal. But whatever we do I can promise you we’ll be consistent with the financial and operating discipline model that we’ve talked about in the past and we’ll have strong cost synergies that come out of it consistent with Tom’s point of Intermec because that certainly is one of the things that I think has helped define our track record.
David M. Cote: Well, we’re quite pleased with our second quarter results and our outlook for the year and I think it’s a good reflection of our expectations for ourselves over the next five years. We have a great portfolio to grow with, our process initiatives continue to progress and our culture provides sustainability as we evolve and continue the seed planting. We’re building on a great base and with the addition of our drive for HOS Gold, software including CMMI level 5 and HUE, we see a lot of good things to come from Honeywell. Thanks.
