Sean Meakim: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Honeywell's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. On the call with me today are Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vimal Kapur; and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Lewis. This webcast and the presentation materials, including non-GAAP reconciliations are available on our Investor Relations website. From time-to-time we post new information that may be of interest or material to our investors on this website. Our discussion today includes forward-looking statements that are based on our best view of the world and of our business as we see them today and are subject to risks and uncertainties including the ones described in our SEC filings. This morning, we will review our financial results for the second quarter share our guidance for the third quarter and provide an update on full year 2024. As always, we'll leave time for your questions at the end. With that I'll turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Vimal Kapur.
Sean Meakim: Thank you, Vimal. Vimal and Greg are now available to answer your questions. We ask that you please be mindful of others in the queue by only asking one question and one related follow-up. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Sean Meakim: And then Julian, this is Sean. Just one to put a button on your question around the incremental revenue in '24. On June 3rd, we announced the closing of the Access Solutions business. We also increased our guidance by $400 million for the year. Now this new guidance reflects another $400 million of related M&A revenue in '24. So full year '24, about $800 million, of which we had a month of Access Solutions in the month of June in the second quarter. Such would give you enough to kind of walk through the quarterly through the balance of the year. And then we talked about a run rate of close to $2 billion collectively going into '25. As Greg said, he's going to be -- each of these deals are coming in at accretive growth rates to the respective businesses as well as Honeywell overall.
Vimal Kapur: Thank you, Greg. Before we end the call, let's take a moment to focus on the progress Honeywell has demonstrated on our long-term growth algorithm. While we significantly transformed the company over the past 10 years, we are not close to finish. We remain committed to delivering long-term organic growth in 4% to 7% range, coupled with a gross margin above 40%, segment margin profit above 25%, free cash flow margins in mid-teens plus and adjusted EPS growth of 8% to 12%. M&A deals like the three we highlighted today also play a key factor enabling us to achieve 1% to 2% EPS accretion, a key factor that will allow us to generate double-digit adjusted EPS growth on a through-cycle basis. I remain excited about the opportunity to lead Honeywell to the next phase of our transformation, executing on my key priorities of accelerating organic growth, optimizing our portfolio and evolving our Accelerator Operating System. We'll continue to update you as these efforts to drive improvement in our financial performance. And now let's turn to Slide 8 for the closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. In the first half of the year, we made material progress towards our capital deployment goals, closing the Access Solution deals and announcing three additional deals, Civitanavi, CAES and Air Products LNG business. This brings us to $10 billion in M&A since the beginning of the last year as we work towards achieving my key priorities of optimizing the portfolio. We will continue to effectively manage through the dynamic economic and geopolitical backdrop while delivering on our long-term financial framework. We executed well in the second quarter, meeting or exceeding all guidance metrics and our portfolio set up for top line growth acceleration in the second half as we benefit from easy comp, strong orders growth in the second quarter and strength in our long-cycle businesses. We are confident in our ability to weather near-term challenges and meet our financial targets. With that, Sean, let's take questions.
Vimal Kapur: Julian, the point I will add there is the margin changes, not that something has gone shift in the businesses. It's the mix within the businesses, which is causing this margin changes. Like in case of aerospace, we continue to have OE versus aftermarket, market mix, in case of building automation, more solution, less products, similar dynamics in case of industrial automation. So I want to make it clear that underlying businesses remain strong. We are seeing margin expansion. We are seeing productivity. Our fixed cost remains very attractive. So it's mixed within the businesses. We are getting more longer-term long-cycle businesses, which in a way also solidifies our second half outlook. We are not factoring a significant uptake in the short cycle. We are factoring some but to which we have visibility. But majority of our outlook for second half is built upon long cycle businesses, continued growth in aerospace, sequentially quarter on quarter ramp up of UOP in the second of the year, specifically catalyst businesses, strong backlog and other solution businesses. So then all that comes together, it just makes the margin mix to what we have guided it to.
Vimal Kapur: That's right because of the dynamics of longer cycle businesses growing way greater than shorter cycle, it -- the margin mix is unfavorable. But if you roll it up to 2025 that factor should play off because this is not an underlying business margin issue. That's the point I'm highlighting. It's not that we are dropping margins somewhere, we're having price cost issue, we are not getting productivity. Our fixed cost has gone up. None of that is true. We are, in fact, getting excellent productivity and margin expansion. It's purely driven by mix within the businesses.
Vimal Kapur: Yes, Scott, actually, one of the highlights for this earnings story is our orders performance in second quarter. Our orders grew double digit in Building Automation, high single in Industrial Automation and double-digit in Energy & Sustainability solution. So that has put our backlog now to $32 billion, up 5%. And that's really what is now flowing into our revenue of second half with a strong book-to-bill, which we did in second quarter. By the way, the forecast we have for the orders for the second half is also very strong. So essentially, we have pivoted towards our guide toward long cycle on the strength of the backlog and the forecast we are getting on the long-cycle businesses because it gives us more assurance and more visibility, and that's why we called out book-to-bill, which is nearly one. And we feel that this is standing on a very strong footing at this point of time.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. No, I would say -- I will call out the two biggest regions for us, China and Middle East. I would say China, Honeywell continues to do well, thanks to aero and energy businesses we have here. We scored high single in last year. We are trending towards similar rates this year. Short cycle businesses are challenged there, too, like the economic cycle of China, as we all read. Middle East remains a counterpoint for us. It is growing very strongly, specifically Saudi Arabia, also UAE, we see a strong momentum. And in a way, we are counting on that reversion in the times ahead to the slowdown of China progressively every passing year. Europe, actually, we are seeing a recovery. We have seen good revenue progression for Honeywell in first half of the year. So probably bottom is behind us, and that's how we are looking at times ahead for Europe for us. So that's kind of for some high-level comments on geography.
Vimal Kapur: I mean I would say we absolutely are looking to make aero more of a longer cycle growth sector for Honeywell. Aero has always faced cycle, up cycle, down cycle, and we are really positioning it to grow high single for until next 5 to 7 years. And there's an organic growth work which is happening around it through new products. But equally importantly, the acquisitions which we made of Civitanavi and CAES e, both are targeted to defense segment. And defense segment, we are bullish on the growth occurring in defense. Our backlogs are growing very nicely there. So we're really pivoting towards higher growth segments within aerospace to maintain our growth rates there in the times ahead. And I remain very both bullish and optimistic on how aero business is going to perform in the next several years ahead.
Vimal Kapur: I mean I think the macros are reality, Andrew, at the end of the day, that's something which I don't control. So long-cycle businesses are performing well because the segments we serve are attractive, energy transition, aerospace, and that's certainly helping us. I think short cycle businesses are reverting back. I'm not suggesting that they are contracting, but the reversion is more at the lower end of our initial estimate at start of the year versus at the mid or upper end of it. That's only subtle [ph] difference. And the swing between the mix of short and long is the difference in the margin because we are raising the low end of our guide of revenue, which shows our confidence in the overall business, organic growth, because my comment right from the day I started is organic growth is my highest priority and we are delivering on that. Our guide is 5 to 6. My goal will be, of course, to deliver on the upper end of it. And I would argue in the very first year of my inception in the job, that's not a bad outcome and we'll strive for that subsequent year. I don't leave any impression that short cycle is less important, long cycle is more important. I think it's just a derivative of how markets are performing and how we are performing in the markets at this point of time.
Vimal Kapur: Look, I would like to highlight that all the deals we have announced, none of our deal ROIs are based on sales energy. We don't count it. Having said that, each of the 4 Ds [ph] we have done, they are highly synergetic to Honeywell and that has been our theme. I'm equally -- I'm bullish on all the four deals and synergies it brings. Aero has substantial synergies on both CAES acquisition and in Civitanavi acquisition. Same is true for both UOP and HPS and LNG because we were always present in LNG segment. This was not a new arrival for us. But with the deep technology expertise, this new Air Products business brings, it's just going to further enhance our LNG penetration and growth rate in that segment. And Carrier acquisition, we have talked in some of the earlier calls, it's all about taking that business truly global because the business is very concentrated in North America, and that's going to provide us sales synergies. So there are two factors in these acquisition I'll call out. The first is all the acquisitions we have made, they are accretive to the baseline growth rate of Honeywell, all of them. Second, the sales synergies are icing on the cake on top of it, and we will deliver on that as we integrate them in 2025 and more, and that's going to be a strong part of our earnings story in the times ahead.
Vimal Kapur: Sheila, we are constantly calibrating our output with all the key OEMs on a 12 months earning frequency. That has been a process for a while now. I would say that based on the recent adjustment path, both Airbus and Boeing, we have calibrated our volumes aligned with them. It's not a major change. But there's some small change, specifically on the electronics side, where we don't have much past dues. But the change is not material to aerospace and not material to Honeywell. But our guide does factor changes, which have been signaled by both Airbus and Boeing recently.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So as we talked about the mix inside of our deliveries has caused us quarter-to-quarter volatility, I'll call it, for lack of a better word. And the third quarter is likely going to be the lowest margin rate of the year for us, and we expect that will then recover back in fourth quarter. And that's based on, again, what we can see in terms of what's in the backlog, the margin on those products, et cetera. And we talked about the fact that aero on an organic basis, it was going to be roughly flat in margins this year and then layering on the CAES acquisition that will have a negative impact on that baseline and then we'll bring it back up from there. So as you start seeing the third and the fourth quarter prints, that's what you should expect to see inside the aero margin rate, but it's not a change in our overall outlook, definitely amplitude from quarter to quarter to quarter as we've been discussing, given the mix of the products we're delivering even inside the OE itself, but no real change in our outlook on how that is performing.
Vimal Kapur: That will only play out. I mean I can only on divestiture, I would say we are working on it, and I would be disappointed if we do not show any progress during 2024. And as those things play out, we'll update you on its implication on our earnings guide, if any, we have to take any cost actions, but that's work in progress. And you can expect to hear more from us as the year progresses. On M&A front, our pipeline is still active. We are obviously conscious of the fact we have done 4 Ds [ph] we have to integrate them. We don't want to take that lightly. But it doesn't mean that we are walking away from the market, and we're actually sourcing what's available out there.
Vimal Kapur: Yes. They're coming down versus what we had anticipated and again, mainly because of the back half margin performance expectations. But we still expect that on an overall basis, we will make progress in BA in particular. We ought to see a little bit of improvement. It's just not going to be as robust as we had thought in the beginning of the year. So think about that in 10s of basis points as opposed to 100 basis points. And on the IA side, similarly, we expect to make some progress in the year, but it's probably going to be in the 10s of basis points over all for the full year as opposed to 100 basis points type of range.
Vimal Kapur: Keep in mind, inside of IA, we are overcoming the very accretive license payments relative to the PSS business that were a nice lift for us, and now we're going to experience three quarters of that loss this year and one quarter of it next year.
Vimal Kapur: The pricing Joe is trending in the direction we have signaled. We are at a rate of about 3%, and we expect second half to be a little slightly stronger. The punchline is our price cost is just about neutral, and our productivity is very strong, which is giving us the margin expansion across our businesses. And what -- as I explained before, the margin rates at EPS level is just mix within the businesses itself. But pricing remains at the right level. And we do expect this 3% - I've spoken before that the era 1% price is over, so we always should expect something greater than that, and we are demonstrating that in 2023.
Vimal Kapur: Electronics, I would say, remains hot. That's where we continue to see elevated level of pricing, but others are I would say - and labor. Labor is and will remain a high elevated inflation category for us.
Vimal Kapur: I want to express my appreciation to our shareholders for your ongoing support and again to our Honeywell future shapers, who are driving differentiated performance for our customers. Our future is bright, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you as we continue executing on our commitment. Thank you for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.
Greg Lewis: Sure. Sure. Thanks, Steve. So I think you've got thematics quite right there. Essentially, when you think about it, first of all, when we opened the year, we always said the first half was going to tell us a lot about how the full year was coming, particularly as it relates to short cycle. And now here we are through six months. And what we're seeing is the organic growth in its totality is still in the range of our guidance and actually doing quite well, which is why we took up the bottom. But it's a -- it's more heavily towards short cycle -- or sorry, towards long cycle than short. So there's good news in there, which is things like Building Solutions, our PaaS [ph] projects business and HPS and others are accelerating. But some of the short cycles are not accelerating as much as we had hoped. So that's really just changing the margin mix, particularly in IA and BA and I would say it's probably like two thirds, one third in terms of the -- if you think about our guidance at the midpoint, I think we're coming down by about $0.15 and probably about two thirds, one third the organic core business versus the acquisitions because as you rightly noted, we've added in the next set of acquisitions. But along with that, we're going to spend $4 billion in the back half of the year. And of course, that's going to cost us about 5% roundabout. So that's really the thematic changes that we're making here overall. But the encouraging thing is the back half exit rate is still very strong. So we're -- we feel really good about the back half in its totality at this point and it's going to be a really compelling exit rate. And again, layering on $2 billion of acquired revenue into next year, about 500 basis points of revenue. So I think very much on strategy and from kind of where Vimal is trying to take us at this point.
Greg Lewis: Steve, it's about two thirds, one third. The $0.15 reduction at the midpoint is about two thirds relative to the core business, and it's about one third relative to our M&A net of interest.
Greg Lewis: What I'm saying, Julian, is that at the EPS line, it's about a $0.15 reduction at the midpoint, and about two thirds of that is for the core business and about one third of that is due to the M&A, which is inclusive of the interest cost of actually making those acquisitions.
Greg Lewis: Just keep in mind, short -- in most cases, our short cycle margins, think about them as being 30 points higher than our long-cycle project solution-oriented margin. So that's really what you're seeing. Revenue in its totality organically, roughly the same, but carrying a lower margin rate along with it.
Greg Lewis: Yes. I mean you should think that we're expecting closure of those deals in the third quarter, but likely to be mid- to late part of the third quarter. So there is some level of that step up. Remember, we always have a big step up in aero in Q4, and we expect that to also be true. We also have a lot of visibility into the ESS rev streams in Q4 as well. So catalyst reloads and so forth. So it is on the higher side of the revenue step-up for sure. But we feel good we've interrogated that quite deeply, and we feel good about the credibility around that outlook. Now the other thing I would just mention is, keep in mind, if you just take a step back for a minute on the M&A side. In the early days of these acquisitions, that's -- there's going to be some meaningful integration costs on the front end. But again, beyond 2024, these deals are nicely accretive as we get through that integration cost period. So again, good -- I think it's a very nice adder to the portfolio. And if you think about the work that was trying to do on improving the quality of the portfolio, this is all good news for '25 and beyond.
Greg Lewis: Sure. So most of the cut is in IA, BA [ph] for sure. That is where the short-cycle, long-cycle mix changes is most pronounced for sure. And yes, we're getting incremental segment profit on these new acquisitions. As I mentioned, there's going to be some integration costs on them early on and then net of the interest cost that we're going to bear. That's where we talk about, I don't know, $0.04 to $0.05 roughly of degradation in the EPS guide associated with that.
Greg Lewis: Yeah. Integration costs get incurred inside of segment profit unless there's a repositioning project associated, but there are...
Greg Lewis: There are ongoing integration costs that go into the segment profit of the business that we're acquiring into that SPG.
Greg Lewis: I don't think we're giving you a precise answer on that. There's a range around inside of what I was sharing. So I'm not going to give you like a point in precise number.
Greg Lewis: So you're in the right neighbourhood, yes. The way to think about aerospace by end market would be something approaching 20% for OE is reasonable, something like mid-teens for aftermarket and then double digits for defense and space.
Greg Lewis: Yes. Thanks, Andy. So a couple of things to keep in mind. Just to remind, when we gave our guidance on June 3rd, it's obviously before the third month of the quarter and remember, half of our results happen in the third month of any given quarter. So that just speaks to like what we were able to see at that moment in time versus what we can see today. But your supposition is exactly right. There are certain parts of the short-cycle businesses inside of building products and inside of IA short cycle that are slower than we had hoped. And so that's really what's driving the margin mix. It's getting offset, as we mentioned, by the Building Solutions sales, the HPS project sales, et cetera. But they're still improving sequentially. So that's not -- that is also still true. They're improving sequentially, but not as robustly as we would have liked.
