Vimal Kapur: Thank you, Greg. Let's take a minute to zoom out from the near-term dynamics and talk about the tremendous progress Honeywell has demonstrated across our key metrics since 2016. We remain keenly focused on delivering our long-term growth algorithm and remain confident in our ability to accelerate growth, achieve 25%-plus segment margins, expand gross margins to above 40% and generate free cash flow margins to mid-teens plus. This framework will enable us to deliver what matters: consistent, compelling EPS growth. Our annual 4% to 7% organic sales growth rate and 40 to 60 basis points of margin expansion, coupled with 1% to 2% of EPS accretion from both share buyback and consistent M&A execution, is a powerful combination that will allow us to generate double-digit adjusted EPS growth on through a cycle basis. '24 is no different as we continue to make steady, consistent improvement to the quality of Honeywell's financial profile. The organization is aligned to my key priorities of accelerating organic growth, deploying the operational power of Accelerator 3.0 and executing on a robust portfolio optimization strategy, all of which will enable us to achieve our long-term targets.  I'm incredibly optimistic about the high-value opportunities we are already surfacing during the next phase of our transformation. We'll continue to track our progression closely as our efforts to drive incremental sales growth, expand margins and generate more cash faster into our enhanced financial profile.  Let's turn to Slide 8 for closing thoughts before we move into question and answers. Our value creation framework is working. While the economic backdrop remains fluid, we are deploying our rigorous operating playbook to effectively manage near-term challenges to meet our performance targets. Record backlog levels, ongoing strength in our biggest end market, aerospace and energy as well as an impeding recovery in our short-cycle businesses will allow us to achieve our strong results as we progress through 2024. This includes our margin expansion guidance, which will benefit from improving business mix, in addition to our continued focus on commercial excellence and productivity.  It's no secret, I am excited about the future of Honeywell and believe our company is on track to drive the innovation needed to solve some of the world's most challenging problems and enhance the life of people around the world. As we move to Q&A, I want to take a moment to thank our 95,000 future shapers whose dedication and capabilities enable us to deliver the best of our customers, partners and communities every day.  With that, Sean, let's take questions. 
Vimal Kapur: No, I got it. I got it. Look, the need for warehouse automation is strong. There is no doubt that it drives labor productivity. So there is no debate on the basics of it. The interesting part is our pipeline remains strong, but order conversion is weak, specifically in the project side.  Another fact which encourages me about the business is the aftermarket continues to grow, which means once the systems are deployed, people use it well and our aftermarket business is in excess of $0.5 billion. We also have rationalized our cost base. All in, I would say the business is in trough right now, and we are waiting for its recovery. But net-net, we remain very optimistic and confident about the business prospects. 
Vimal Kapur: Scott, I would say it in two parts. I have committed that we will take action on about 10% of our portfolio, which doesn't fit with the 3 megatrends, and we are absolutely taking action on that. We will make progress one step at a time because that constitutes a few businesses and no one big thing.  On a broader basis, I will review with both, as I did last year on a broader Honeywell portfolio, and we will continue to be our own activist. And wherever there's a case to look at things differently, we absolutely will do that. 
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So I would say the earnings, as we guided here, we gave the guide for Q2 and rest of the year. So I think the headline is that H2 will be stronger than H1, and that's built upon our order spacing. If you see our orders performance in Q1 was on expected lines, our book-to-bill is 1.1, our backlog is up 6%. Long cycle remains strong across the board in Aerospace and building solutions, and we expect the same trend in European Process Solutions. And short cycle is recovering on expected lines.  You saw the results of ESS. The chemical business did perform well on the strength of short cycle. We saw a recovery in scanning and mobility business. We saw some early green shoots in fire business. So things are progressing as we expected, and that's the basis of our guide for rest of the year. So the punchline is we're going to have stronger second half versus first half, and that's reflected on our earnings guide for the year. 
Vimal Kapur: Only thing I'll add, Julian there, is that in IA, the HPS continues to perform very well. It's going to mirror the performance it had in 2023. So similar growth rates. The bookings remain very strong. Aftermarket is performing extremely strong. And that's the biggest constituents of the newly framed IA business.  And the short cycle is recovering. I remain very confident on short-cycle recovery. We have seen that in PSS business, it has 2 successive quarters of orders growth. We see that in early cycle in other businesses. So net-net, we are going to see strong exit rates in IA business at end of the year. 
Vimal Kapur: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Look, the Q1 performance of defense and space was more linked to the supply chain unlock. That remains the biggest variable in Aerospace even in 2024.  We are very pleased with the strong growth in Q1. We expect high single-digit growth in defense and space in the revenue, but order booking will be much stronger. And that's driven by the fact of not only the demand in U.S. but the international demand, which is coming up in this business. And those trends are extremely favorable. So net-net, we do expect to finish the year strong, not only in the revenue side but equally strong on the order side on the defense. 
Vimal Kapur: So very bullish on UOP. I would say this business is headed for a great time ahead. The traditional projects continues to remain active while the new energy project on sustainability, a strong pipeline, and we see decisions now maturing. You saw in one of our exciting wins, we mentioned here new way to make SAF with the biomass now, which is a new technology we have launched.  So net-net, with the strength in traditional energy, strength in renewable technologies and catalysts, we are going to have a strong year for UOP, both in orders and revenue. And that's not only 2024. Look ahead for the business remains extremely, extremely positive in the times ahead. 
Vimal Kapur: No, no problem. So the overall, we do expect commercial OE to grow double digits, both on the -- the commercial OE to grow double digits and aftermarket. So we'll maintain the strong growth trend as is indicated in our guide for the rest of the year.  To your comment specifically on 787 MAX, I won't give you a specific input on one particular platform. But I would say that our demand for Boeing hasn't changed. We know that we all heard their earnings call yesterday, and there are different drivers for that. But for Honeywell, we are present in multiple platforms, and the demand for them remains unwavered.  I personally talk to Boeing leadership, and I'm very confident that's going to trend that way. On margins, it's a -- Q1 was strong. It's a mixed driver. As the year progresses, we have different product mix and mix between OE and aftermarket. So net-net, we are still guiding flattish margins for the year, and that's what we have given in our guidance. 
Vimal Kapur: Yes. So I would say, if I go around the corner, we continue to see strength in our high-growth regions, specifically in India and Middle East. Those remain strong. China also did well for us. We grew high single digits on the strength of our aero and energy business. So net-net, we do see strong -- continued strong trend in emerging markets.  Europe has stabilized. I would say the worst is definitely behind us. We see more recovery and positive trends, specifically in short cycle, we talked about it earlier in Europe. And U.S., of course, is the balance here. So net-net, high-growth region remains a tailwind in overall revenue mix for Honeywell. 
Vimal Kapur: So Process Solutions business, absolutely. Our booking -- we carried a strong backlog, and our booking trends remains strong there. Aftermarket is double-digit growth for several quarters in a row. So that business will, as I mentioned before, will repeat 2023 pattern of high growth.  And we expect to do -- continue to do well in that segment, monetizing installed base, aftermarket software, all our strategies are really working. And also diversification into new verticals as the new energy segment are emerging like battery storage, gigafactories, all are becoming attractive growth optionality for us in that business. 
Vimal Kapur: Look, whenever we complete any action of addition and substraction, we'll give you an early guide for that. As I mentioned, this is no one step change. So it's not that we're going to take action of a $4 billion type of thing in a single move. But whenever we are ready to communicate, we'll give you a heads up on what's likely coming in.  For example, Carrier business will likely come in, Civitanavi will likely come in, and what are the implications on the guide? And then what goes out, if and when this happens, we'll provide you the guide. But what I can share with you is there is not going to be one mega event on divestiture. It's going to be a combination of multiple small events. 
Vimal Kapur: So Quantinuum is in, I would say, exciting times. We completed a major event of pre-money. We got valuation in excess of $5 billion, got more people invested there. We talked about that in the last earnings call.  We also met another major milestone. I don't know if you read that Honeywell and Microsoft announced a major milestone of testing different scenarios to deliver reliable results. So Microsoft gave, ran 14,000 experiments on H2 quantum computer, and they were able to prove that every time all 14,000 times, we're able to deliver results with accuracy.  Why it matters is in quantum, the repeatability or accuracy matters more than the speed at this point. Once we are able to solve the problem solving with accuracy, we can work on the speed part. So that's a major milestone, and that's what matters in quantum business. We continue to hit these milestones one after another, and we score some wins on the commercial side, and that has set us for the next event of the monetization somewhere in 2025.  It's contingent upon hitting this, but I remain confident that we are on the right track on that.  And by the way, the last comment I'll make there is AI is definitely giving us a lot more momentum. There's a deeper understanding and appreciation why quantum is necessary. And that's going to certainly help us when we are ready for an IPO or something similar in 2025. 
Vimal Kapur: Absolutely. I would say the pipeline is very strong as we sit today. Of course, we compete for every target, and we remain very sensitive to both strategic fit and valuation fit. So net-net, we do expect to continue to take some actions on adding new business to our portfolio. And overall, my tone is very positive on that.  Okay. Just to wrap up here, I want to continue to express my appreciation to our shareholders for your ongoing support and, again, to our Honeywell future shapers, who continue to drive differentiated performance. Our future is bright, and look forward to sharing our progress with you as we continue to execute on our commitments. Thank you for listening, and please stay safe and healthy. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. And if I just build on that, I would say our pipeline on inbound as well is very healthy. You saw the Civitanavi announcement. You know that the Carrier deal is on its way. So we're on pace to deploy $10 billion this year with just what we know about, and we're not done. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. And we know that, that's outside of the normal historical comps that you've seen, but that's not really different than the way we've modeled the year so far. And to Vimal's point, we are starting to see some of those short-cycle order patterns. And we said that those were going to be different by end market as the year progresses. So no real change, Steve, to what we outlined in the original guidance. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. So we're going to have a ramp from 2Q to 3Q as opposed to flat, and then the ramp from 3Q to 4Q will be greater than 2Q to 3Q. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. So thanks, Julian. I mean the ramp for the company actually is in IA and in BA, and then we'll get sort of a nice ramp in the fourth quarter in ESS as well. So it really does come back to all the products businesses inside of each of those portfolios.  So think about in IA, PSS, the sensing business. In BA, think about fire and the BMS business. And then as Vimal mentioned earlier in ESS, you're going to get a continued step-up in electronics and chemicals as well as our normal sort of fourth quarter move in our catalyst business. So it's really not all predicated on any one segment overall. And it's going to be -- you've got your numbers approximately right in terms of the IA first half, second half overall. But you're going to see it across the portfolio. It's not going to be concentrated in any one specific business around the portfolio. 
Gregory Lewis: Sure. So again, you're going to see that tie a lot to the product volumes because of the volume leverage that comes with that and the margin rates associated with it are going to be very helpful in that margin ramp as well as the work that we've done on productivity, particularly around direct materials this year.  So that's -- our last 2 quarters were in the same neighborhood, right around 24 points with the lower product mix. And as the year progresses, you're going to see that move up sequentially throughout the remaining 3 quarters of the year. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. Joe, I mean, as it relates to the mix, I'm not going to bore you with the details, but it's actually quite deep between the different OEs, the shipsets within each of them and so forth. So that is going to migrate up and down during the course of the year as it goes. So there's not one particular thing happening there.  As Vimal mentioned though, we're going to continue to see very strong OE margins -- or excuse me, OE volumes during the year. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the growth in OE actually accelerates in the next couple of quarters, not dramatically so, but in terms of its relative mix inside of the overall portfolio. So that's what I would say about aero.  And then in terms of the margin rates in IA and BA, both of those businesses are seeing mix down with products softer. And so absolutely mix up with products growth is going to be a driver of those margins. But that also comes with a lot of the work we've been doing on the productivity side, both in direct materials as well as in our continued repositioning of the cost base that we have been doing. So our margin story is going to be a combination of the volume leverage, the product mix and our productivity actions that we continue to take, as you know, is always a strength for Honeywell. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. No, we don't expect IA margins to be down 300 basis points in 2Q on a year-over-year basis. We talked about the Zebra impact. Again, it's $45 million a quarter on the revenue side. There is some costs associated with that as we talked about over the last 2 years, as we've had that impact into our P&L. So you guys can do the math on the direct impact of just that item all by itself. But we have other actions in place to continue to offset that. I don't expect margins to necessarily be up year-on-year in IA, but nothing to the degree that we described in terms of 300 basis point drop. 
Gregory Lewis: Yes. Just that I would expect them to be down sequentially from Q1, that Q1 is going to be the high point. And as we go through the year, again, our overall expectation is flattish on a year-on-year basis, but Q1 will be the high point. 
Gregory Lewis: Sure. So in our clean energy business, we had been operating as in a trading manner, and we had shut down the major facility some number of years ago in that business, and we restarted it. And so as you can imagine, that restart has some fits in it as we go through the course of the year to get to stabilization. And that's really the -- if you look at ESS margins, I'm not going to give you precise numbers. But if you back out the impact of that, we would have been roughly flat, maybe slightly up on a margin rate basis year-on-year in the first quarter.  And so that's going to take some time to get to stability. But the good news is this is a great business. The long-term dynamics for it from a pricing standpoint, a supply standpoint are very favorable. As we exit the year, we're going to have more stable operations internally. And so we're going to have a very nice exit rate going into 2025 with a very strong business.  And again, that business is, think about it being around about $400 million on an annual basis. 
