David M. Cote: Thanks, Elena, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our press release, we had another great quarter marked by terrific execution with continued growth in most of our end markets. And then yielded earnings per share above the high end of the previous range. Our reported sales were $9.5 billion, up 8% reported or 7% organic, reflecting continued advancement in our new products and the focus on high-growth regions. We ended the year with segment margins of 15.1%, expanding 90 basis points over the fourth quarter of last year. Then pro forma earnings per share were $1.05, up 21% over last year. Free cash flow was an impressive $1.4 billion in the quarter, reflecting 169% net income conversion prior to a $250 million cash pension contribution. Our 2011 performance underscored our balanced portfolio mix and strength of execution. New products, geographic expansion and traction on key process initiatives, all translated to record organic growth, margin expansion, high-quality earnings performance and strong free cash flow generation. And we did all this while continuing to maintain our seed-planting for the future.  In the fourth quarter, we had another quarter of robust new product launches and big wins starting with Process Solutions, who was awarded a highly competitive 15-year $90 million contract to completely overhaul the technology controlling the massive Los Angeles wastewater treatment system, ousting the incumbent in the process. Building Solutions & Distribution expanded their Smart Grid wins internationally with a project that will help connect up the 30 commercial and industrial buildings in the Thames Valley area, west of London. This will help alleviate the potential for future bottlenecks as the peak demand for energy grows. Honeywell is helping to create a more agile grid, without the public disruption or expense of major infrastructure upgrades.  UOP, as you might expect, also did well within the quarter. National Refinery Limited awarded UOP a major Uniflex project in Pakistan. As a reminder, Uniflex is the process technology that maximizes the conversion of crude residues. Think of it is as the bottom of the barrel to high-quality transportation fuel. Uniflex technology can significantly increase refinery margins $2 to $4 a barrel over other conventional technologies, and that's a big competitive advantage for our customers.  The emerging regions are continuing strong and now comprise approximately 20% of our total sales. We're seeing the biggest increases in Turbo, Commercial Aerospace, UOP and Process and Building Solutions, with sales up approximately 20% again in the fourth quarter for China, India and the Middle East combined.  Turning to 2012. We still think the high probability outcome is for slow growth economic environment. That said, our developed market order rates are mixed with continued growth in the U.S., partially offset by weakness in Europe short-cycle businesses. We still expect these businesses to grow but at a more moderate rate in the first quarter. Meanwhile, the commercial Aero aftermarket remains robust with spares and R&O continuing to outpace flight hours. And our longer-cycle businesses like commercial Aero OE, Process Solutions and UOP are increasing backlog with our total book-to-bill rate above 1.2.  Dave will walk you through an updated view by business when he discusses the outlook for the first quarter of 2012. But from an overall Honeywell perspective, we remain confident in our ability to sustain good growth, while continuing to expand margins over the course of 2012. So once again, 2011 is further proof that our strategies are working, and we think we've got a balanced plan for 2012 that incorporates the current economic realities, as well as the benefits derived from our continued seed-planting initiatives.  And finally, we think that puts us in excellent position to achieve our 2014 sales and margin commitments. Having great positions in good industries, the power of One Honeywell, our consistent focus on improving every year in each of our 5 initiatives, it really makes a difference.  So with that, let me turn it over to Dave.
David M. Cote: So much as it is we had about heating season, for example, and we don't expect a bad cooling -- we're not assuming a bad cooling season on top of a bad heating season.
David M. Cote: I'm not a believer that margins have ever peaked in the Honeywell portfolio. I'd say, in every business, we still have pretty good runway, that's not just limited to Process or Building Solutions.
David M. Cote: They're progressing fine. I would say, if you said, in Building Solutions, will we evolved to a 20% margin at some point? The answer would be no. That's not going to happen. But we could still grow from where we are. There's still runway there.
David M. Cote: Well, we've actually always done pretty well there, because as you know where we drive most a pricing improvement is from new products that add a lot more value to the customer. I know that's an overused word out there, but it can be true, and we've been doing that. So we don't expect that to change all that much.
David M. Cote: When we look at the range that we think we've provided for guidance in what's an uncertain economic environment, we think, compared to everybody else out there, we tend to be more towards the high side. And we don't like being too bullish on what we think the economy or currency is going to do or count on anything like that, because we just don't think those things can turn against you too easily.
David M. Cote: Well, given what's going on over the last 4 years, we always think in terms of having flexibility in both directions. Because You just don't know. And things could be better than what we think they're going to be, and you need to be able to respond to upside also. But conversely, things could be worse. And we need to be able to be prepared to respond that way. So the big message at our Leadership Conference this year, for example, was the same as it has been for the last couple of years, and that's flexibility. You've got to be able to have flexibility in both directions. Be very careful about how you hire, but also be very careful about never going too far, because you just don't know which way things are going to go. And you have to be prepared. You got to be on your toes. You just don't know.
David M. Cote: It's another one where it depends on what's the economy that's the backdrop to that. So it's a tough one to answer. And that's why the way we tend to always talk about it, John, is that we feel that given the end markets that we are in, we can outperform our peers in any economic conditions. Because we think we've done all the work that we need to, to have great positions in good industries, the One Honeywell, 5 initiatives, we keep working that. That's put us in a better position to outperform. But it is tough to say, so what's the natural growth dynamic of the business, because it depends on what global GDP is going to be.
David M. Cote: Boy, I have a tough time thinking beyond what we already listed on -- We don't expect material inflation to be particularly onerous. We don't expect labor inflation to be particularly onerous. When it comes to any kind of major projects that we have, there's no one that's so big that it drives the thinking of the company. So I'm hard-pressed to think of anything that I find troublesome right now.
David M. Cote: I think we'll see some of that. Again, I wouldn't point to those something that's going to make our year, for example.
David M. Cote: In my view, it's -- because of the way pricing works there, things tend to stay flat. So good or bad, it kind of stays where it is. It's just part of the pricing model. So I wouldn't expect to see a big boost or a big negative going in either direction.
David M. Cote: Yes. The way I would describe it is if we went back to that August-September time frame, we actually saw Europe orders dip, go negative for about 2 weeks. So we start to get really concerned, and that it bounced right back. At this time, I'd say it's been negative for about 6 to 7 weeks in a row. So if it were me, I'm not an economist, but I would say they're in a recession now. It might not be a big one, like we all hope it won't be. But I would say they're in recession now and that's the way we're thinking about it. We're thinking about the whole year as being a slight recession in Europe.
David M. Cote: Well, maybe I misunderstood your question, Deane. I thought what you're trying to get is, a sense for is Europe's economic environment. What are we seeing or what did we think was going on there.
David M. Cote: I would say I'm very glad that we've got the kind of presence that we do -- that we have in China and it keeps growing. We were up very strong double digit in China again this quarter, and we expect that to continue this year.
David M. Cote: What I would say though, Steve, is when we look at the quarters, the 4, 5 quarters out, and we take a look at percentage of sales already in backlog, and it's better this year than it was last year.
David M. Cote: Yes. I think generally, I think, you'd say that, Steve, to your point is you've got long cycle strength and then short cycle moderating. So that -- it's really the blend of those 2 that really represent that full year 4% to 7% up in terms of revenue guidance.
David M. Cote: Yes. We won't go into any specific projects that we're addressing. But I would say, yes, the demand is still very much out there. And even though the refining industry in total only grows 2 or 3% a year, the churn is going on within that especially outside developed market is huge. And we don't see that diminishing at all. When you couple that with the new technologies that our guys have come up with like this Uniflex, that we were talking about earlier, to refine the bottom of the barrel. That's going to be even more useful to refineries that already do exist. So I just -- I think this is going to be a market that stays bullish for a while. And then all the natural gas that everybody is finding, which, as you know, we made some early plays there and I think those have been proven to be pretty smart overall. So yes, those feel very good.
David M. Cote: We think we're pretty much on track as a company and with those -- the other 3 businesses. So Performance Materials, you're right, it did manage to get there very early. But they also had some pricing uniqueness that they were able to get last year that we're not confident is going to be able to continue on to the future. And the other businesses are going to have the kind of basic volume of the business is going to have to make that happen. So all in all, we feel we're pretty much on track.
David M. Cote: Well, I'm pretty confident in our ability to, first of all, forecast what the profitability is going to be on a project and then to actually deliver what that's going to be. And I would say, if you went back 10 years ago, that was not a strength of ours and we did get surprised. That's one of the things that we had to fix. I feel pretty confident now. When you take a look at the big projects that we do, they pretty much come out where we think they're going to. So I'm very much okay with that. And yes, things can get more competitive. But it just means you need to decide to walk away sometimes, which we may do. In other times, you figure out how to be more competitive. So I feel pretty good, Jeff, about our ability to do that now.
David M. Cote: Well, I'd say our answer is going to be boringly consistent with what we've said for the last 10 years, and that's that we'll be opportunistic about it. We want to pay a good dividend. We always have a robust pipeline of opportunities, so that you never know when one is going to come up or not. And we still think our stock is attractively priced. So we'll, as we go through the course of the year, we'll decide what the best way is to deploy that capital. Like I said, it's very boringly consistent, Jeff, which I hope becomes a strength of ours in your eyes.
David M. Cote: Thanks. Well, we're pleased with our performance last year and we're encouraged by our ability to outperform again in 2012. Having great positions in good industries, the focus on One Honeywell and the continued evolution in our 5 initiatives makes us a better company every year. That continuity of purpose and strategy allows us to outperform in any economic conditions and puts us in a position where we can say, as good as it's been, the best is yet to come. Thanks.
David James Anderson: I would just say that the -- one little added color, Dave, I would give to that is, at ACS, we're going to see a stronger Process and Building Solutions first half based on the backlog that we have. We'll see a little stronger on a relative basis, we're going to see a stronger second half ESS and, if you will, Products for ACS. We'll actually see some of that benefit over the course of the year just in terms of margin rates and margin rate build for ACS.
David James Anderson: But there is a point though that we will see that favorability in terms of margin rate as we see that shift in terms of stronger products.
David James Anderson: Well, I think, Steve -- or John rather, I'm sorry. There's a couple of things, I think, in that first quarter. Number 1, I think, we've referenced that we've got foreign currency headwind of a couple of points. We've got also the CPG continuing operations comparison, which is about $0.02. And as you said, if you look at the midpoint of our guide for the first quarter, that translates into a very nice full year, when you look at it in terms of our historic linearity. And frankly, when we look at the numbers on a full year basis, both the implied organic growth in our guidance, as well as the EPS growth in our guidance, those trends tend to be very much in line -- in the ballpark.
David James Anderson: I think one of the things, Dave, just to add to what you said is, Roger has always said, and I think we've seen numbers that bear this out, at around 2x GDP, in terms of the underlying growth rate of the business. So that translates into pretty...
David James Anderson: No. I think we're at run rate on ERP. I think, kind of back to an earlier question, Dave, I think pricing will offset inflation. We've got productivity, obviously, is a key driver in terms of our net margin expansions. So we talk about margin expansion range for the company, and we think it's going to be pretty attractive this year. That's really driven by net productivity. And there's no single item, Scott, that stands out. R&D, we've talked about R&D year-over-year 2010 to 2011 for Aerospace. But as we talked about, that really to moderate and if it goes up in absolute dollars, it's steady as a percent of revenues in 2012. So there's no single item I don't think I would point to.
David James Anderson: Dave, I would just say, just in a word that it's summarizing and agreeing with what you said, it's really neutral in terms of Aerospace margins. And as I said earlier, Scott, we're going to see some margin lift, obviously, in Aerospace in the first quarter, as well as for the full year 2012 despite -- we continue to anticipate it. I think, we've got it 4% to 5% down revenues for the year.
David James Anderson: We had -- to Dave's point though, we did have headwinds in the quarter from our Friction business, which encountered a pretty significant commodity cost increase. And it's the type of business and the kind of environment where it just -- you just can't pass through or pass through as much clearly as what you are impacted by, so you need to absorb that. So really, most of what we've talked about, Scott, in terms of that phenomena of what you would expected in conversion of the business versus historic is really explained by Friction.
David James Anderson: Deane, if I could add just a little bit to Dave's comments on Europe. As I mentioned earlier, we've got some important differences, obviously, when you look across the portfolio because Aerospace, Dave, as you know, the commercial aftermarket business is...
David James Anderson: Is doing very well. So that's very important to know. The other thing is in Transportation Systems because of -- in Turbo, because of the strength of our position and our wins and new platforms, we actually continue to see volume, good volume growth there.
David James Anderson: Strong double digits. So what Dave is really referencing, which is really correct in kind of where you started, Deane, with your question, is really when you look at some of the traditional energy, kind of Life Safety and Security segments of the business, that's where we're seeing it most pronounced.
David James Anderson: Yes. What we cited, Deane, when we -- when I went through my review of ACS. I cited the fact, again, on the ECC side, we've seen, we've experienced softness. And we've seen basically the softness in the resi side on the Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. So that is not a surprise at all, given the headlines in terms of commercial real estate, et cetera, what the government's doing in terms of government policy. On the other hand, as I cited, we're also seeing growth and some recovery in the Turbo commercial vehicle business. We've seen some softness on Fluorines, but we've seen continued relative strength on resins and chemicals. So it's, again, you kind of have to get a little bit specific. But the common theme, I think, between Europe and China is the sort of the short cycle energy, the combustion and the residential and the commercial markets and the retrofit markets have been softer. So that's where we've really seen the softness. But as Dave cited, overall, when you look at the overall numbers for Honeywell for China, they look very good.
David James Anderson: Yes. So backlog is about the same in terms of end of year for the total company, Deane. And U.S. continues to be very strong. Just a side, a couple of the specifics there in terms of the ending backlog, and this is comparing to the fourth quarter of 2010. On the ATR side, it's up 26%; BGA, up 24%; and at UOP, as I mentioned earlier, up 10%. So those are pretty good, I think, demonstrations. And by the way, the other interesting number is Defense and Space backlog, it's actually up 4%. So we've had across the board good positive momentum on the long-cycle business.
David James Anderson: Well, I think, first of all, we were lapping a relatively not-strong conversion in the fourth quarter of 2010. The other thing we had is and we've referenced is we had positives in terms of M&A, so we didn't -- the Sperian acquisition and some other things, Steve, that benefited us 2011 compared to 2010. So that was a very strong quarter as anticipated for EPS. And when you look at the first quarter, what you've got is you've got some -- now M&A headwinds, because you've got EMS, as well as the King's acquisition, you've gotten a mixed headwind. I know Dave doesn't like me to talk about that. But the reality is, we're going to have a stronger Process versus -- and Solutions business, the BDS business compared to the ESS in the first quarter. That's just the phenomena that's occurring there. So it's really those things that are causing it. The other thing you got is you've got foreign currency now going the other direction, and that's a big item for ACS. When you look across FX impact in the total company, it isn't just the euro. It's also the Australian dollar, it's the Indian rupee, it's the Canadian dollar and they're really being impacted as we've seen a strengthening of all of these currencies relative to the dollars as we progressed through the final month of 2011.
David James Anderson: It's a very small portion of it. There's a -- well, obviously both BGA and ETR. But the biggest pieces there are really in our Solutions business and also in UOP.
David James Anderson: Yes. Well, I think it's sort of -- unfortunately, it sort of an it depends. I mean, when you look at the Aero business, it's very good, Nigel. We talked about that in terms of just the continued strength that we're seeing in the Aerospace aftermarket. We're seeing good numbers in terms of Turbo HTT. Elena has cited that in terms of double digit, continued strong double digit. The softness, again, as I've talked about earlier, is really in the ESS, selectively within the ESS businesses at ACS. That's really where we've seen the most change in terms of moderation of growth or even in some segments, some market segments decline.
David James Anderson: I think in terms of our planning, from a planning standpoint, as you can see from all of the numbers, the guidance that we've given you is, we've given you revenue growth across the businesses. So I think the answer really is that what we're seeing is that we're going to continue to see growth in all of our businesses.
David James Anderson: Well, what it is -- it's just reflective, if you look at 2011's mark-to-market versus 2010's is the higher distribution in U.S. as opposed to foreign entities. So that's just what drove the rate up. That's why we're working on comprehensive tax reform in the U.S.
David James Anderson: Well, the restructuring, Howard, is on track. We go through -- just a little bit of background, as you know we go through a very thorough vetting and fuse with our businesses and roll that up in a disciplined process and review individual -- every individual project with Dave. There's a lot of dialogue, a lot of pushback, that ultimately culminates in anything that gets approved. And it means that it's in a business where there's strategic justification, it has operational merit and on the major projects, we go back and we actually review that performance and we report out that performance in terms of how we're doing relative to what we've committed. So we'll be doing in 2012, for example, reviews of major projects. The second thing is in terms of the CapEx, so you should take the first to say, that's all as you would expect, it's all working as you would expect. Relative to the CapEx, what we're looking at is a ramp-up in 2012 in terms of our plan, and that plan, if you looked that in the terms of type of projects, really, think of it as growth. What we're really doing is we're really funding, particularly in global markets, we're funding increased presence, whether it's technical centers or operating facilities or joint ventures, funding in terms of joint ventures. If you look at it by business, it's really kind of across the businesses in terms of the increases, with the greatest percentage increase coming in PMT associated with a scarcity in terms of capacity to meet global demand and the outlook for those -- for a number of the technologies in PMT.
