Troy Alstead: Yes, I'll start. I'll take part of that, and I think Howard and Cliff may speak to parts of it as well. First, as we've said historically, a comp point to us over the course of the year is roughly worth $0.04 to $0.05 a share. So that's math we've discussed with you previously and that continues to hold true. Now in terms of what comp is necessary to protect our margins, I guess I'll just refer you back to our targets where we have said that we expect low to mid single-digit comp growth in this coming year. And with that kind of comp growth, we can expand total company margins 50 to 100 basis points. Clearly, we can survive and thrive in our business given what we've done -- all the great work we've done around the business model this past year on something lower than that at least in this coming year. So we feel very confident in the comp trends we came through the current year with and very good about our margin targets in the coming year given what we've seen. I would say, before handing it off to Howard to also respond to your question, that we won't make any comments at all about October.
Troy Alstead: This is Troy. I'll speak to, first, to CPG. And the answer is we won't speak to specifically the impact of any one operating segment. I would just remind you that during the year and progressively throughout the year, that we launched VIA into the CPG channels and built distributions that went through the year. So it would be premature at this point in time to talk about the impact of VIA in any one channel, other than to say we've been extremely encouraged by what we've seen. We, as you know, have invested heavily against VIA this year, as I mentioned in my prepared comments. And in fact, the impact you see in the CPG operating margin this year reflect that investment and reflect the recognition that we expect VIA to be a growing and significant business for us over time and it's worth investing in now. What I have said throughout the year, and I'll reaffirm now, is that for the total company, VIA was essentially a net neutral impact to our P&L during the year. Again, and that's made up of good contribution from the product, offset almost entirely this past year by the launch costs and the spend against it to build it in our stores and then in the CPG channels.
Troy Alstead: No, we haven't specifically said what that is. It varies by market. Some prices go up, some go down as we have said before and as we've executed over this past year. To further Cliff's comments, we remain committed to an overall pricing architecture work, meaning, I wouldn't characterize it as a straight out increased by any means. We hold prices where we can to provide value to consumers. In the past year, we've taken prices down where necessary and where appropriate. Consumers are responding well to it, and we would fully expect to execute that kind of much more architected intelligent approach to prices in the coming year.
Troy Alstead: John, what I'd say to that is that we have, over the course of this year as we came through the restructuring of our business, introduced a dividend for the first time as one way to deploy capital. We've reintroduced share repurchases as another way to deploy capital. Of course, the top message around our cash flow is to invest back in our business, in our partners, in our stores, to invest in the growth opportunities we see in front of us, VIA, our CPG business, SBC. So we will ensure we maintain adequate capacity to fund all the tremendous growth opportunities we have in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. in our store channels and outside of our stores channels.
Troy Alstead: And Keith, it's Troy. Perhaps what I would add to that, and perhaps put the umbrella of the overarching question here, which is the significant improvement we've seen in International margins as we progress through this past fiscal 2010 and is evidenced by Q4 and by the margin improvement that we've announced in our targets for fiscal 2011, really is a reflection of the margin march toward that mid to upper teens that we expect in our International business over time. It's coming earlier than we expected. It's coming as a result of the things John has mentioned about us in a very disciplined and systematic way, bringing the great learnings from the U.S. that has helped us move that business through extreme strength and health and applying those as appropriate market-by-market internationally. And it has given us even more confidence both in the long-term growth outside of the U.S. and our ability to drive significant profitability to those channels.
Troy Alstead: Sharon, we're some handful of months forward on pricing at this point in time. As you know, and I think as we've discussed in the past at various points in our history, we are a range of price protected forward based on cup cycles and a whole number of other factors that influence when we priced and commit to some of the contracts. So we have some protection forward. In terms of how that rolls and the impact of those commodity increases hits our individual segments, we're not prepared to talk about that yet. It's a bit early the year. It is something that I expect we'll share more as we go through the year and as we understand how this very unusual coffee cup environment plays out. So no additional segment commentary at this point in time, other than to say the actions we've taken as a total company within the businesses and overall had been successful in giving us confidence that we can manage through and overcome those increased commodity costs this coming year and able to absorb $0.08 to $0.10 of additional cost pressure and yet still deliver 15% to 20% earnings growth.
Troy Alstead: Matt, I appreciate your question. I'll just repeat what Howard said a short time ago. We, at this point, will respect our partnership with Kraft and the private dialogues that will continue and ensue in the months ahead. And so no additional comments at this time.
Troy Alstead: Yes, I'll speak to that. In fact, it's an area that we will definitely, at the upcoming investor conference, go deeper into the economics and what we're seeing. But as I've suggested throughout the year and I can say more strongly now that we've completed the fiscal year, our new store economics this past year have been very, very strong, have met and exceeded all of our thresholds again, providing to us very nice returns on capital. And it gives us confidence both in our ability to design and open new stores and get the kind of returns that we once enjoyed, and we expect, in our targets going forward, be able to enjoy those again. And in terms of remodels, we're very selective. And in addition to improving experience and the flow, are also very conscious about these return capital metrics and expect these stores and these investments to pay off and have been very, very encouraged by what we've seen.
Troy Alstead: David, the slightly reduced margins that we experienced in this fourth quarter in CPG are really part of what we've been talking about all this year around our primary investments in VIA and being ready to invest behind an entirely new and innovative product platform, recognizing that it has a runway for years and years to come in our business across multiple channels. And we've had the tremendous opportunity given the significant strength of our U.S. business and the improving profitability internationally to invest back in our future growth opportunities. I mentioned SBC earlier, which we continue to invest again and excited about the prospects in the future and about CPG. In the year ahead, the targets we have for the CPG business explicitly, which are, in the release today, are that 30% to 35% operating margin in that business. We won't be more specific at this point. We'll certainly talk about that in much more depth, again, at the investor conference in December. And now I'll have Jeff speak a little bit more specifically to what he see is coming in the business.
Troy Alstead: John, let me speak to the International margin question first. And I'd say yes, the extra week contributed as it did across all the business. So that's certainly a part of it. I'd point out that if excluding that extra week, the margins in the International business were into the teens and clearly, at a record level for our International business. So still very strong without the extra week, frankly. And what it reflects is continued top line growth and improvement. John mentioned earlier a number of things that he and his team have been bringing to bear internationally, and we really are beginning to see the impact of those things pay off for us. I don't predict that every quarter we'll necessary make the step forward that we did this quarter, but we're quite confident as we progress through 2011 that we'll make another big step forward to the tune of 100 to 200 additional basis points in '11 around the margins internationally. And again, this is on a very disciplined, systematic move forward to get that business up to -- comparable to U.S. levels we believe. Now to your first question on stores, we, as I mentioned earlier, are extremely encouraged, quicker than we thought on the performance we're seeing in our stores. And that's come in two forms, the improvement, and we'll talk about this and much more depth in early December. We have, over the last couple of years, improved just the health of the portfolio of new stores, the quality of the sights, the top line of new stores, the flow-through to profitability of new stores were all higher than they've been in years. At the same time, we have managed cost down, where we're opening new stores now at higher quality levels to the consumer than ever before, and yet at a lower cost than they were two and three years ago. So we have attacked all sides of the unit economics of our stores and seen that improvement come. We fully intend to ramp up our new store growth. In the U.S., that will come. It will be disciplined, it will be paced. And it will be faster, I predict, in 2012 than it is in 2011 as we just continue to ramp up our capabilities and do this in a very thoughtful way. Over time, we've said before, internationally, ultimately, will ramp up even more quickly as we take these learnings from the U.S. and deepen our capabilities. And now with the increased confidence of a healthy and improving business model, that gives us increased confidence to open stores both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S.
Howard Schultz: I think, considering your question, I think it's hard to answer that without putting consumer confidence and unemployment in the mix. And so we want to be very thoughtful and disciplined about how we're looking at the year. I think the pipeline of innovation and the excitement we have about holiday and the year, but coupled with the environment, we're comfortable with mid single-digit comps as a way in which you can look at the year. I think the extraordinary numbers that we put up over the last couple of quarters of high single-digit comps is not a good starting point. Mid single digits is where you should go.
Howard Schultz: This is Howard. Let me start. I think between myself, Troy and John Culver, we'll try and take a piece of that question. I think with over 50 countries that we are now doing business, there obviously is a cross-section of many different ownership models that we have and there isn't one size that fits all. It has to do with the complexity of the market, the capability of the local partner and our ability to recognize that there's a big upside if we could take advantage of buying back a market as we did with France and most recently with Brazil. I think Brazil is a good, maybe, case study where we've been in that market for a number of years. Our partner there, for a whole host of reasons, did not have the capital capability to really accelerate the business. And we look at it as just a tremendous runway of growth. And so we acquired that market because we feel we both have the capability and, obviously, the capital to take advantage of a market that is significantly under-stored. I think as you look at China, there is an opportunity in China, I think, which we've said for years that will be the biggest market for Starbucks outside of the U.S. And over time, I think it's in our interest to have more ownership than less. If you recall, we bought the Beijing business back a number of years ago. And so there isn't one size that fits all, and there's no formula for success here. I think we're very conscious of making sure that we balance these decisions by providing maximum shareholder value, and at the same time, taking advantage of making sure that we maintain our leadership position. With that, I'll just have John Culver kind of jump in, since he's closest to all of this, and provide some color.
Howard Schultz: John, this is Howard. I certainly appreciate and respect the question. But I hope you realize that the situation with Kraft and the statement I made is all that we can talk about today. And at the appropriate time, we'll be as transparent as possible. But at this time, we just can't go any further. I'm sorry.
Howard Schultz: John, let me answer the second part of that question. And I want to answer it in a way that no one on the phone overreacts to the response. Clearly, the history of the company has been to primarily grow organically, and that has been quite successful for the company. And we feel we've uncovered significant runways for organic growth both in our core business and the adjacencies around the innovation that we've created. But I do feel that the future of the company over time will not be isolated only to organic growth. And as I said, I don't want anyone to immediately react or respond to that. But clearly, we're in a unique position. And over time, if opportunities prevail themselves, we would take advantage.
Howard Schultz: Troy, you want to just bring some color about the economics of both the class of stores we've opened this year and the remodels.
Howard Schultz: We launched the Digital Network in October. You should be able to go into over 7,000 Starbucks stores and enjoy it.
Howard Schultz: I think it's an important question because of our enthusiasm about CPG and leveraging the retail footprint and brand to benefit that channel. Let's start with Troy, and then we'll introduce Jeff Hansberry who runs our CPG business.
Howard Schultz: Thank you all very much. As JoAnn said at the top of the call, we look forward to seeing you at the investor conference on December 1, and we'll provide a lot more depth and texture to many topics and themes that we talked about today. Thank you very much.
Clifford Burrows: Joe, it's Cliff here. We are continuing to follow the approach to pricing architecture that we started 14, 15 months ago. And in that, we are looking at, obviously, all the commodity pressures on us, notwithstanding the comment Troy made about the impact of extraordinary coffee pricing. And we will continue to follow that approach, reviewing region by region. We did take some increases in one region at the beginning of October, and that has had a positive impact to offset commodity prices. And we will continue that work in the coming months. We don't see any reason to break away from that. And it's given us a new discipline, and it already is looking at the local market and is looking at the consumer behavior in that market and the complexity of beverage. So we're very pleased with the progress we made and the customer reaction to any increases we've taken, frankly, over the last 15 months.
Clifford Burrows: And Joe, it's also just worth adding that the way we have employed our Starbucks Rewards Card ensuring that we add value to our most loyal and frequent customers. So it's been a much more holistic approach using pricing architecture, our Rewards Card and ensuring best value for our customers.
Clifford Burrows: Matt, it's Cliff here. Just to say that with each refurbishment, we are really looking at it on an individual store basis, bringing, obviously, equipment up to date and bringing the environment up to date. But the individuality comes on focusing on the local customer and making sure we're catering for their needs in all the day parts and looking at how we grow the relevance of that store for those consumers and for the local environment. We're also taking the opportunity to increase our sustainability of those stores and all new stores being LEED-certified and many elements included in the store being local materials, locally sourced. Same time, we are introducing the opportunity to involve and include Starbucks Reserve to our Clover brewed system where it's relevant to the consumer. Brewed range is being enhanced in terms of presentation and offer. And you know in Olive Way here in Seattle, we have also had our first Starbucks store, which goes into the evening and is focused on that day part with a beer and wine offering. Too early to talk about the results of that. But the encouragement is that our consumers have reacted as if it was there forever and have increased their frequency and opportunity to use that store and have given us great feedback. So there's lots happening. And store-by-store, we are seeing a much stronger local engagement. Same time, we're training our people, so we are more efficient, improving the quality and focused on improving the partner and the store experience. So lots happening.
