Clifford Burrows: It's Cliff here. This whole piece around focusing on throughput and focusing on the basics of the customer experience is really our outstanding priority, overriding priority. And we know the customer continues to seek value, and their engagements in the My Starbucks Rewards program is really a big part of this. And we are increasing frequency of visits, and obviously, there are benefits attached to the My Starbucks Rewards program, and obviously, our growth on ticket, the net growth. The other thing that I have to say is that we have pulled back somewhat over recent years in our merchandise range around holiday time focusing on cold products like our holiday trio and like our foods. And all of that has really helped. So the focus is on the frequency and on transactions, and we're seeing good growth across the U.S. We continue to benefit from the improved technology, whether that was the introduction of Symphony, whether that is the introduction of the scanners or the applications for iPhone and Android, all of those are increasing the opportunity. The other area where we're seeing good growth which is helping ticket, is on Christmas Blend coffee. We had a very, very strong season there. And if you remember, we took price in July on whole bean, and that also came through at both the Christmas Blend, whole bean coffee and our VIA coffee Christmas and both of those benefited. So we're pleased with the mix, we're pleased with the focus and we will continue to work on throughput and on attach of products like food.
Clifford Burrows: Yes, and it really was, Sara, a very strong performance across all areas in the U.S. And again, as Troy says, we were very pleased that we're able with productivity gains, and we were serving more people in December per hour than we have ever done in our history. And that is how we managed to overcome the increased -- significant increase in coffee prices and other pressures, whether it's cocoa, dairy or fuel. All of those have an impact, so we were pleased with the quarter.
Clifford Burrows: Yes, John. First, it is a big deal for us in CPG, given that 70% of all premium coffee sales are in the light or medium roast segment, 54 million customers prefer a lighter roast. And when you take Blonde and you match it up with this brand-new roast architecture packaging that is rolling out right now, those 2 pieces combined will make it easier than ever to shop the Starbucks aisle for our customers, and we offer this lighter roast in Blonde Roast which is a big deal. We have timed the launch to be synchronized with our key customers, shelf resets happening during Q1, and you will see Blonde Roast in a number of stores. We will be fully rolled out with the new pack architecture and with Blonde Roast coffees by the middle of this quarter. And also very importantly, all of our key Tier 1 and Tier 2 grocery and mass customers have accepted Blonde and are in the process of cutting it in now.
Clifford Burrows: Joe, this is Cliff. We have continued the same strategy on pricing now over the last 3 years, and developing our, I would say, expertise and focus around individual products, the whole portfolio of products, but unique to that local market. Overall, price is approximately 1% over the course of the year, but you will find that, that is not all prices up by 1%. We're very conscious of the value, as I've said for the customer, and we're also conscious of just the price architecture. So we've been very focused on items, on food. Obviously, we take every opportunity to focus on new product, improved ingredients, improved quality, at the same time, we're very conscious of the pressure on prices and commodities in the market place. So yes, we continue to review it periodically, and we are very conscious of keeping that to a modest level to support our customers. And obviously, on those frequent visitors, have the My Starbucks Rewards programs to support the use of the Starbucks Card and the price they pay on certain items will be discounted because one of the benefits of the card, or they get free beverage every 15, all of which helps them keep their average ticket down.
Clifford Burrows: I think it's really true, Howard. Just to add to that. We've really been focused and we continue to focus on our effectiveness and efficiency. And what I mean by that, is simplifying the work, investing in growing the skills of our baristas, supplementing that with technology. And the performance of our stores at the top end, have just got stronger this year, and we still believe there is more capacity even at peak. Add to that work we're doing around technology in the card, again, it will help us drive, Troy mentioned earlier, we've now seen some testing which gives me real confidence that we can show significant improvement. If you look at the day parts to Howard's point, we have virtually no share of lunch, and that is a huge opportunity for us. We've started -- we have a commitment to that, and that ray [ph] will be a big opportunity. So we do see volumes growing. We do see as being more efficiency to peak and capitalizing on other opportunities in day parts.
Troy Alstead: Let me start and let me call some of my -- Cliff or Jeff here to speak a little bit about their businesses as well. We're actually -- we're very pleased with the flow-through in the margins we saw delivered to the bottom line in the quarter, given the headwinds that we faced in coffee. And I appreciate your question, we'll do our best to answer it. But on balance, we drove margin improvement in a quite significant way across the business, absent the 300 basis points of commodity cost pressures. And just on that point, before I hit the margins for a moment, this quarter we just ended is the single biggest peak of year-over-year coffee costs we will face, and we're quite pleased that we found our way through this challenge and delivered the kind of earnings growth in margin delivery that we did despite what is an extreme coffee cost pressure, in the quarter and the first half of this year. And CPG in particular, the business is most impacted by coffee cost, and so the decline in margins we saw there, is consistent with what we told you to expect back on our November call in terms of the target for the year, right around the mid-20s. And again, that's heavily impacted by more so than any of the business segments by coffee costs. In the U.S. and other regions, I'll perhaps talk to Cliff to speak a little bit more about productivity and the flow-through that we're seeing in that business.
Troy Alstead: One last thing I'll say to your question Sara, to make sure we get it all. You asked about China/Asia-Pacific, and you're correct there, that as we've talked about in previous quarters, we fully expect and did experience in the quarter, margin improvement at the country level, and we would expect this to continue to grow in China/Asia Pacific with the phenomenal economics that we have there and the great top line growth we're experiencing, that will continue to drive margin improvement country by country. There is a mix shift going on, as you've referenced, it's just important to recognize that it happen over time, as we grow extremely rapidly in the company-owned businesses. In China, there will be some dilution of the highly licensed revenue business that comes out of Japan. It's not a bad thing, that's actually a great measure of our success in China that we'll see that shift over time. And then one last comment I'll make about our global business, and particular, our U.S. business, is that we have -- just as we have the past couple of years in 2012, we're moving the needle upwards again on our marketing spend in support of the business. We've had great results as we have in a very disciplined careful way, spent a bit more on engaging consumer to our marketing spend than we have in years past. Some of that's driven in our retail channels and some of that, driven in our CPG business. That marketing spend is paying off quite nicely for us but that is a bit of an uptick on the P&L this year compared to previous years, and it will be most pronounced in Q2, particularly relevant to the launch of Blonde Roast in this quarter.
Troy Alstead: No, there's actually not. We've been fairly pleased with the revenue growth in the first quarter, it has outpaced our own expectations. But it's still early in the year, and with 3/4 of the year yet ahead of us, just too early to meaningfully update much of that guidance. We have every bit of optimism about our ability to continue to drive the growth in of the business. The only comment I would make is that I recognize, as we all need to, that the algebra at some point, will suggest that those percentages get harder to keep growing, despite the fact that we have every expectations to drive dollars of revenue to all of our channels. So we're very optimistic. Nothing has changed in our view of the future whatsoever. And as we progress through this year, we'll continue to watch our progress in the top line and update targets accordingly.
Troy Alstead: Yes, that was the same question you asked 2 weeks ago. G&A, we firmly believe over the long term, is a leverage opportunity for us. Now that won't necessarily be true quarter-to-quarter. In any one particular quarter, there may be investments that are more meaningful or incentive compensation that spikes up or down in a particular quarter. We have, as we've talked with you about before, a hedging program rounded for comp that will spike G&A in any one particular quarter. So quarter-to-quarter moments can be deceiving, but no question over time, we fully expect to be able to leverage that. Now the infrastructure in our support center in Seattle, all the back office functions that live here, as well as our G&A functions that live entirely around the world, are all part of that G&A function overall. We also have operating expenses and G&A that sits in the business units as well. But in terms of the big G&A, the big picture with the large infrastructure we have, both here but now growing around the world, to some extent, we are ahead of the curve on some of our G&A to support growth outside of the U.S., and G&A in this building to support growth in our channel development organization, the CPG business and our global business. That G&A spend we believe, gives us an opportunity to accelerate growth as we have been to drive innovation, and position the growth platforms we have for the future, and then also, to become a leverage point down the road. So I believe you should expect, over the long term, moderate leverage to come, year in and year out, for some period of time now.
Troy Alstead: No, that's something we'll finalize and disclose when we produce the 10-Q ass usual, John. And that'll -- you'll see those balances at that point in time. And I think you'll notice the deferred revenue line, but I will point out, we saw rapid growth in all use of the Starbucks Card, of reload, of use, and that was true of transactions within the quarter, but importantly, the deferred revenue for future quarters was very significant in the first quarter.
Troy Alstead: And to your -- Matt, your margin question, for the full year, so not just Q2, it's just more pronounced in Q2, but for the full year, we are moving the needle upwards modestly on marketing spend, and that's a very conscious move, a very strategic move in something that paid off for us quite meaningfully, we believe in driving incremental traffic in the last year, in the last 2 as we've moved the needle, some of [ph] the marketing and we plan to do it again this year. It will be more pronounced in the second quarter, particularly the launch of Blonde Roast, but it is true throughout the year, that we'll have some incremental spend on marketing, and that shows up in store operating expense, when it's applied against our store business. But the overarching point I'd make here is that our whole intention here is to, over time, provide the right leverage points on the overall Americas P&L. It's a high-margin business already, last year, about 20% operating margin. We've targeted improvement in that margin in the Americas as we have in each of our regions, as we go throughout the course of this year. So we would expect that margin to improve. And some of that over time will be fixed expenses, store operating expenses will have some leverage points, but those also incremental investments that we do make from quarter-to-quarter in, as I said marketing, and other elements of that line.
Howard D. Schultz: With regard to K-Cup, it's still early days, but as we've shipped over 100 million cups in the first 2 months, we're running ahead of our initial expectations on what we expected for the business. And based on everything we can see at this point, it is not just pipeline. It's very hard though at this point for us, to really have an understanding of how high is high, given that we are supply-constrained. So we are seeing takeout at the shelves, we have delivered, as I mentioned my remarks, an 11 share in essentially an 8-week period of even being available, and that's with -- call it 66% ACV distribution in the food drive mass space during the month of December. So we haven't fully reached distribution yet. We haven't really started merchandising yet because we are supply constrained. And at the same time, we are seeing strong sell-through, and again, we don't know what the full upside is yet, because we don't have enough supply. Now importantly, we are working closely with Green Mountain to ensure that we get as many cups as we possibly can. They have been a great partner in meeting their initial expectations on the volume they committed to supply. Again, we're working closely with them to get additional cups to try to fully meet the need in this premium single-cup space. But we are very encouraged, and in fact, the pull on K-Cups is greater than what we had initially expected.
Howard D. Schultz: Right, we are seeing some revenue growth associated with bringing, taking the business in-house to the direct model. So that is accurate. We -- there is nothing that gives me pause as to the growth prospects of the CPG business. In fact, as I noted in my comments, we're just getting started. So every day, we're getting stronger as the team that we have assembled from some of the best CPG companies in the industry, learns how to work together more effectively, as we get our syndicated data sources in place, as we get our shopper [ph] marketing resources in place with our key customers, as we learn everyday how to more effectively connect the unique strategic assets of Starbucks to communicate with our customers in unique and different ways to build awareness, consideration, trial and ultimately, loyalty to the brand. So if anything, I am more optimistic about this future that we can build as we learn and get smarter every day. So we're just getting started.
Howard D. Schultz: This is Howard, John. The comment that we made in our prepared remarks regarding Blonde, in terms of incrementality was all channels. The research we've done and the early read, and I want to underscore it is early, leads us to believe that there are millions of customers who have not really chosen Starbucks as their primary place for either the beverage or holding [ph] coffee. And we believe, based on the research we've done, and as I said the early read, that we're going to see incrementality on both fronts. But also, I want to make an overarching comment about just we have witnessed, as well as other consumer brand companies, a seismic change in consumer behavior, going back to the height of the cataclysmic recession in 2008, 2009. And I just want to just dive into that very briefly, so you understand the attributes and the differentiation that we have as a company to go after that. And I would list 3 major areas in terms of the seismic change: One is that as a result of the recession, there is a significant amount of pressure on the consumer, whether they're buying luxury or mass in terms of value. The second is, as a result of the technology and the web, social digital media has become a primary vehicle to gain access information. And I will revisit that in a minute. And the third is the unbelievable way, in which mobile payment and mobile commerce is going to change the way in which consumers buy things. On the issue of value, the question was asked earlier about transactions and ticket. One of the differentiating factors of the last year or so has been the loyalty and the stickiness of the Starbucks Card. There's almost 4 million people holding that card. 1 of every 4 people are buying with the card. And what we've been able to do is, which is very difficult, is balance the premium position and premium pricing of Starbucks, while creating value, in a sense, putting our feet in the shoes of our customers and giving value, that's A. B, with regard to social and digital media, there probably isn't very many companies in America that has created the capability and the discipline that we have with almost 40 million worldwide fans on Facebook, leading company in Twitter on Foursquare, what that has done, has given us the ability to lower our cost of customer acquisition in terms of traditional advertising, and build a more enduring emotional relationship with our customers. The third issue is that Starbucks today, and this is an important point, we are the #1 company not in the U.S. but in the world in terms of mobile payment, transactions and dollars. Now all of this is wrapped into the relevancy of the Starbucks brand and the experience, and this is what is driving much of the incrementality that we are experiencing. These 3 things wrapped into what Cliff and his team have been able to do in the U.S. is build a customer experience. And to think that today, we are serving more customers than ever before in our history, despite the economic downturn, and this year's stores that opened 12 months ago, are performing at the highest level of any other time in our history. So I think it's very important that you understand that the macro issues that are facing many companies, we have been able to turn into a competitive advantage with regard to value, social digital media and mobile payment.
Howard D. Schultz: Well, the logo change clearly, was designed to give us the freedom and the flexibility to take advantage of the blueprint for growth with other CPG products and categories. I think we're going to be very thoughtful and very disciplined, when and how we use the new graphics on products or categories that, on their own merit, will make that decision. And when we redesign the graphic and brand architecture of Evolution, which will be in the middle of the year, you'll see us unveil how we're going to use that or whether or not we're going to use it. But clearly, the new logo gives us the flexibility to operate within the other categories and other products, and we'll leverage the blueprint for growth by bringing those products into our stores, primarily first.
Howard D. Schultz: With regard to the market shares that I'm speaking to, I'm speaking from IRI syndicated data for the food drug mass business. That does not provide the full picture of K-Cup. But the premium single-cup segment that I'm speaking to, is a combination of all premium single-cup packs, priced at or above $0.50 per serving. And that's exactly right, we are at a near 17 share for the month of December, and are trending upward quickly. And again and importantly, we see both the K-Cup business, the Starbucks K-Cup business, as well as the Starbucks VIA business, as both being billion-dollar opportunities for Starbucks.
Howard D. Schultz: Well, let me start, this is Howard and Cliff can finish. I think what we have uncovered over the last 18 months or so, is that we've really kind of dialed into the need phase [ph] that customers have during different day parts of the day. And that's where you see the new products that we've introduced. And also, I think the marketing has been much more focused on being able to capture customers at different parts of the day, where that is a new discipline within Starbucks that we did not have a few years ago. And I think what that has resulted in, is that we think there's lots of runway, lots of whitespace throughout the day, and I think there's opportunities that we still have not uncovered that goes past the evening hour, whether it's the test that we have now with beer and wine, or other things that we're thinking about that take advantage of the fixed cost of our real estate. But no one at Starbucks is looking at any kind of ceiling. We believe that we're just getting started and we're not going to use historical information or data to put a lid on what we think is possible. And I think the fact is that we're doing more volume and serving more customers than any other time in the 40 year history of the company, and we're just getting started.
