Adam Brotman: Hey, Jeff. This is Adam Brotman. I’ll answer that. First of all, we’re not breaking out specifics. But what I can tell you is we have completely hit the ground running in Portland and the experience for both our customers using the app as well as the partners operationally has met and even exceeded our expectations. So we are full steam ahead in terms of rolling this out around the country as you mentioned over the course of the rest of this calendar year. And what we’ve learned is that this is absolutely every bit of what we thought would do in terms of helping us add convenience for our customers, integrate it fully and to not just our technologies, but our operational flow. And we are as confident as day we launched it that this is going to help drive incremental transactions, improve throughput and capacity, and even help us accelerate MSR.
Adam Brotman: Okay. Keith. In terms of the rollout pace, it’s going to be fairly evenly spread out throughout the year. So it’s neither front loaded, nor back loaded and so that’s how we are thinking about it. And so far everything seems on track to that.
Adam Brotman: And again we’re not like -- I can’t get into specifics, the answer is yes. We are seeing incremental driving of MSR membership, usage of our app. And what’s so exciting about that is we have -- this is still in beta mode in terms of -- we haven’t even put this on our android platform yet, which is coming soon. We have additional features to come. So we’re just getting started and we like what we see early on in terms of all the drivers that we talked about at the Analyst Conference.
Scott Maw: Yeah. Thanks, John. Maybe I’ll answer the back part of that first. There is a number of things as we look into the second half of the year that will help us accelerate profit. It includes cost of goods sold leverage, which I’ll get you in a second, but also some of the work we’ve done around. So for cost and then what we believe will be accelerated revenue opportunities through things like Mobile Order and Pay, some of the things we have around innovation with beverage and some of things we see in our international operation. So all of that is driving the slight acceleration in our earnings growth in the back half of the year, we are pretty confident we’re going to see that. As far the COGS savings, we think it will be about $200 million this year. You may remember from Investor Day, in 2013 we had a $100 million that we booked, in 2014 it was $140 million, and in 2015 it’s getting up close to $200 million. So, great work by the supply chain team and all the business units. And we’re well on our way to recognizing most of that, most of that is already in the run rate.
Scott Maw: And I would just add to that. We are seeing comp growth in our licensed stores that equal to or greater than what we’re seeing in our company-owned store. So it’s the combination of those few things that’s driving revenue.
Scott Maw: On the commodity piece, the way that it shapes up for the year, David, is we saw some significant coffee favorability in the first quarter, not much on dairy and diesel. And you can see that coffee favorability in the channel development margin improvement. That coffee favorability at that level is not going to continue in the back half of the year and so you’ll see channels margin growth come down. However, we do see offsetting that some favorability in dairy and diesel. So when you add that all the way, all up across the year, we think commodities will be roughly neutral year-over-year. But that’s kind of how it shapes up.
Scott Maw: And as far as the cost goes because of the rollout, the cost is pretty evenly spread as well. And I’ll just remind you, there is not a lot of cost. There is some incremental costs that will happen this year, but because of how integrated this is with our existing technology and how seamlessly it works with our existing system that cost is manageable.
Scott Maw: And Matt, while I’m clarifying some comments that I made earlier, I want to make sure everyone’s clear that target stores that we’re closing in Canada are licensed stores. And then I want to make sure the amount of non-GAAP EPS relate to the Japan transaction is $0.49, I may have said $0.41, so clean all that.
Scott Maw: Yeah. Thanks, John. It’s Scott. We haven’t said anything about January. You are correct that within the quarter we did see some acceleration and as the holiday period our busiest period, we actually saw the highest transaction comps we have in the U.S. and that is certainly encouraging as it relates to the first quarter.
Howard Schultz: Hi, John. This is Howard. You are probably, better than almost anyone on the company, you've covered the company since the IPO, you know first hand at the culture, values and guiding principles of our company are directly linked to the equity of the brand. And the equity of the brand is defined purely by the relationship we have with our customers, which is defined by our people. There is no issue of increased turnover or anything like that. We are in the business of doing everything we can, not only to invest in customer-facing experiences and enhancements but we have to do everything we can to do the same thing with our people. Starbucks has had a long history as you know of equity in the form of stock options healthcare now, college achievement in which we’re providing free tuition for juniors and seniors. We want to do everything we can to demonstrate the amenity of the company and we have felt since day one that investing over the long term in our people is the best investment we can make in the customer experience. So we’re taking these steps, not because we have a problem, we’re taking these steps because it’s the right thing to do.
Howard Schultz: Well, look this is Howard. I’ll start it and I'll give Kevin his initial opportunity to share his own thoughts with you. If we were hiring someone from the outside who did not have almost six years of experience with the company, I think this would be a different story. The transition would be longer, the learning curve will be longer. But Kevin has lived and worked in Seattle for many years at Microsoft. So he has been a customer to Starbucks for many years. And as a board member, he has been the kind of board member that has been deeply involved in the strategies of the company and specifically aligning himself and helping the digital side of the transformation of the company which has been so successful with Adam. His responsibilities in many ways will mirror Troy’s with the exception that he is picking up digital with Adam and he’ll have IT as well as supply chain which Troy had. Scott Maw who had been reporting to Troy will be reporting to me. And Kevin will have the geographies, which are represented at this table with John and with Cliff. And I have spend many, many hours with Kevin over the many years sharing with him the aspirations we have with the company and he is very, very well versed. And what we are trying to do in the opportunity that lies ahead and we are very, very fortunate. In many ways, I said to a reporter a couple of hours ago having Troy leave the company is in no doubt a significant loss. But we are so fortunate at the same time, in a sense have a number one draft choice in Kevin Johnson. So Kevin, I’ll give you your own opportunity.
Howard Schultz: And then the other thing I just want to say one more time is that in a traditional advertising and marketing to try and overcome this seismic shift in consumer behavior is probably not going to work for most people. The relationship that we have build with our customers though mobile payment through MSR, through gold members and now Mobile Order & Pay and delivery is a significant driver in not only elevating the relation that we have with our customers, but significantly lowering our traditional cost of customer acquisition, especially when you compare it to other national retailers.
Howard Schultz: No. We have had, David, incredible smoothness in this. There are obviously individuals who will learn it, it’s a new technology. We didn’t go in with a narrow test or pilot. We went in replicating our final rollout plans. We are learning along the way, but it has been -- it's improved everyday, adoption has grown from day one and we are extremely confident about this.
