Kevin Johnson: Yes, Jared, this is Kevin. Thanks for the question. I’ve commented before, we have a very sophisticated approach to pricing that leverages analytics, artificial intelligence, and it’s overseen by a very talented team who do the modeling and look at the elasticity of demand along with the pricing actions on an ongoing basis. I think we mentioned some of the pricing actions we took both in October and January. I’ll hand to John here in a second to talk through those in the U.S., but with those pricing actions, we still saw incredibly strong demand through the holiday season. But John, let me hand to you to go through the specifics.
Kevin Johnson: And I’ll just reinforce the key point that Leo made is as we continue to build these net new stores, they’re performing at best-in-class store profitability and return on investment. And as long as we keep delivering best-in-class profitability, return on investment, we’re going to continue to lean in on building new stores and play the long game. In your question, Andrew, is what would cause us to rethink that, the answer would be if we saw revenue and return on investment not meeting that hurdle rate that we feel comfortable with, we would reevaluate. But right now, it's amazing. Through this pandemic, as Leo mentioned, as we go wider and deeper in our new store development, they are performing extremely well. And so we're going to continue to lean in.
Kevin Johnson: And Sara, I would just add to everything John just said, what we've seen too is following each COVID wave, we've seen customer demand strengthen. And we anticipate that's going to happen following Omicron as well. But John and his team have done a fantastic job navigating this place, and I think he did a great job outlining the actions that we've taken that have driven that result.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. I'll just comment briefly and then I'll hand it over to John to take into some more detail. But certainly, we have learned to be very, very adaptable throughout this pandemic. And so certainly, when these COVID waves hit, we know how to adapt store protocols, store hours, if we need to consolidate partners in one store and temporarily close a store, we do that. If we need to amplify certain channels like drive-thru or mobile for pickup, we do that. So we've become very adaptable. And I think one of the things that's helped us is also see the opportunities for us to drive productivity gains certainly as we look to the future. And both are very important, how we adapt to COVID but also how we simplify the work in our stores and bring solutions that give us productivity while, at the same time, it improves the partner and the customer experience. And John, I'll let you just talk a little bit about the details of some things you guys are working on.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you all for joining us today. I hope you get a sense of three things: number one, this holiday period, we saw strong customer demand; number two, with the cost pressures we’re facing, we’re being proactive in a set of actions that we’re taking across the company, including pricing and tightening up in other discretionary cost areas to address this. And certainly, as we’ve seen in post – in the past COVID surges, that when those surges end, we see stronger demand return from what we saw even before that COVID spike, and we anticipate that to happen with Omicron. So we thank you all for joining us today, and we’re looking forward to having you also join our Annual Meeting of Shareholders in March. Thank you, everybody.
John Culver: Yes, Jared, thanks for your question. Our pricing strategy, as Kevin has shared and Rachel as well, is driven by several factors such as inflation rates, partner investments, the infrastructure investments that we want to make, and then obviously, the investments we want to make on continuing the innovation pipeline. We do all those things while balancing the premium value for our customers and the experience we want to provide them. As we saw inflation begin to increase in the middle of this past year, we made the decision to take pricing and we implemented pricing effective October 1. As inflation continued to grow, we saw that. We needed to take additional action and we did so effective January 1. So, we’ve taken two moves around pricing to help mitigate the challenges that we’re seeing. Now we also have additional pricing action that we have planned for the balance of the year that will additionally help offset the trends and some of the cost pressures that we’re seeing. And as Kevin highlighted, that’s being informed by the analytics and insight team. In terms of elasticity, we have not seen any meaningful impact to customer demand. To the contrary, our customer demand continues to grow. We’re coming off of a very strong quarter in terms of transaction growth at 12% for the quarter in the U.S., the highest since pre-pandemic levels, and our ticket is also very strong as well. So we watch that very closely and we will adjust accordingly.
John Culver: Yes. Sara, thanks for the question. Yes, we did see an Omicron impact especially amplify in the last two to three weeks of the quarter. And it played out in a couple of ways, obviously, in terms of as the cases surged, number one, customer mobility was impacted. But then also, we saw our partners also have a similar surge in the number of cases as well as call-outs, which Kevin spoke to and Rachel spoke to in terms of the Omicron COVID pay or the COVID pay that we provide our partners. Now with that, we also were in the midst of having a record holiday quarter and couldn't be more proud of the work that the team did in terms of delivering very strong top line growth of 23% in a very, very complex environment. In terms of what we're seeing in terms of the transactions and the growth of transactions, there is a pent-up demand for Starbucks and for people wanting and longing to return to their normalized routine. So a couple of things that I would just call out. First, the beverage attach that we're seeing in the stores continues to normalize. We've seen strong beverage mix growth across, in particular, cold beverages, which now account for 70% – over 70% of our beverage transactions. We've also seen strength in alt-dairy and the growth of alt-dairy and then also an increase in the modifier performance, whether it was the holiday beverage or the overall promotion that we saw, very strong growth. Food continues to grow and break all-time records in the quarter, and really, that's being driven by breakfast and by bakery. The other thing I would just add is that our peak transactions improved versus the prior quarter and a year-over-year basis. And then we had strong growth on the digital side. We now surpassed 26 million 90-day active members. And as part of that, our non-SR customer transactions continued to grow and reached its highest level since the pre-pandemic. In terms of the stores and where we saw traction in that, the suburban and the rural stores, where drive-thrus are the most prevalent, continue to outpace the rest of the portfolio. Our drive-thrus had its fourth straight quarter of double-digit comp growth. The central business district, the urban core and the urban edge recovery also continues, and it was the third quarter in a row of positive comps for all three of those urbanities. And then the convenience channels continue to play a big role. Between MOP, drive-thru and delivery, that accounted for over 70% of our sales in the quarter. So very encouraged with the strong customer demand and the way in which our partners really were able to meet the needs of our customers and step up under very, very challenging circumstances.
John Culver: Yes. This is an area, John, that the team is laser focused on. And clearly, it starts with taking action to reduce the complexity of the work in our stores for our partners to meet the demand of our customers. And we've shared previous calls the work that we've got going on around automated ordering. That continues to be put in place to reduce those manual routines of our partners. We continue to make investments in improved functionality for our equipment and better flow-through of that equipment in terms of what it's able to produce, whether that's the measuring of two machines, whether that's the warming ovens or whether that's our cold brew system, and then also at the same time, always assessing our beverage routines, ways in which we can build beverages, become more effective and more productive in building those beverages and drive better productivity. And then lastly, in terms of eliminating low-volume SKUs, we have taken action to eliminate and reduce low-volume SKUs. We did that during the first surge of COVID where we ran into some of the supply chain challenges. We took action to pull some of the low-volume food items out of the stores, and we have not had a meaningful impact to overall sales revenue. So productivity plays a key role for us going forward, and it's an area that we're laser focused on.
John Culver: Okay. Thank you very much, Lauren. As I shared, we added and grew our active memberships 21% in the quarter and we now exceed 26 million active members. We added five million active 90-day members on a year-over-year basis. So Starbucks Rewards now represents 53% of the spend in our stores, which is at an all-time high and which is a three-point increase versus fiscal – Q1 fiscal 2021. As part of that, their growth in terms of spend has grown commensurately. We're seeing significant increase in the spend in the first year of membership versus the prior 12 months of the preceding membership. We're seeing a strong lift in spend when they join, regardless of whether the customer is high or low frequency. And Rewards members, as you shared, are spending at an elevated rate and visit our stores at a 3x frequency rate versus our nonmembers. So we're going to continue, as a company, to double down in this area, and we see it as significant upside and presenting tremendous value to meet the need states of our customers.
John Culver: Yes, David, I’ll take that question. And clearly, it’s no secret that we’re in a constrained labor environment broadly across the country. In particular, foodservice is one of the most heavily impacted in terms of finding available labor and staffing the needs of a business. Our turnover rates, I would say, as we track them, they were and have been elevated versus our pre-COVID levels. But what we’ve done with the actions that we’ve taken as we emerged out of the quarter, we’re beginning to see that turnover rate stabilize. And basically, our hourly turnover rate has basically flattened over the course of the last several weeks. In addition to that, we’ve also seen a significant uptick in terms of partner sentiment, which is improving as well. So for us, we are an employer of choice. We’re going to continue to make the right investments in our partners, whether that has to do with wage, whether that has to do with benefits or just really giving them the opportunity to grow with the company. And we feel very confident that we’re going to come out of this in a much stronger place, given the actions that we’ve taken. But clearly, it is a challenging environment. We’ve had to adjust our labor models and adjust store hours to address it. And we’ve been able to navigate it thus far, and we have confidence that we’ll continue to be able to navigate that.
John Culver: Yes, John, just as it relates to the transactions that you mentioned, we are focused on getting back to those levels. A couple of things that are impacting it is obviously, the way in which our stores are set up and how customers are being mobile or not going to work and not having their normal routines. Now we did see on the good side, a positive side, return of the breakfast daypart and peak transactions, which gives us optimism for hope in terms of growing those transactions during that period. In addition, I would say that we’re going to continue to leverage the convenience channels of Mobile Order & Pay as well as drive-through and delivery to meet the changing customer needs to drive transaction growth going forward as well. And then lastly, I would say that we will continue to assess the store footprint to make sure that we are building new stores and relocating additional stores – existing stores into the areas where customers are, given the pandemic and the changes that have occurred in the pandemic. And Starbucks Rewards is going to play a significant role in that as part of that growth.
John Culver: Yes. I think that what we see – well, I know what we’ve seen is that as we’ve had to adjust store operating protocols, in some cases, we’ve gone to pickup-only, we’ve gone to drive-thru-only and we’ve readjusted the format. So the ability for customers to come into the stores and to sit in the store is not at the level of capacity than it was back prior to COVID. This is an area that we’re continuing to focus on in adjusting and reopening the stores fully, number one, as we’re able to, given COVID, and number two, as we’re able to, given some of the staffing challenges that we’ve seen. So we continue to adjust and monitor this very closely and make decisions on a daily basis. Now in terms of customers and their changing routines and how much is going to go back to where it was before and how much has changed, we feel confident that given the Starbucks Experience, our customers come to us because they love a great premium experience in a high quality cup of coffee. And whether it is coming in our stores or coming through the convenience channels, we’re going to continue to grow in all those areas and meet the change whatever it is for our customers going forward in terms of their routines.
