Pat Grismer: John, this is Pat. Thank you for the question. We are very pleased with Americas’ overall margin performance. And just to highlight, non-GAAP operating margin was up 120 basis points versus prior year, which was a meaningful sequential improvement from the 60 basis-point contraction in Americas’ non-GAAP operating margin in Q1. And there were really three key drivers of the improvement. First, sales leverage, which included the impact of pricing, as well as cost savings initiatives, primarily in supply chain. I would also highlight, however, contribution from an accounting change related to breakage, which benefited our non-GAAP operating margin. These were offset, as you mentioned, to some extent, by the investments that we made in our partners and in technology. Those investments were largely initiated starting in Q3 of last year and were predominantly funded by upside for U.S. tax reform. So, you're absolutely right because we make our way into the back half of fiscal ‘19. We will face less pressure from those investments. However, I’d highlight, we are making a meaningful investment in the fourth quarter in the Americas division, behind a leadership conference. And that is factored into our overall guidance for the year. But, it's on that basis that we have taken up our full-year guidance for Americas’ non-GAAP operating margin to a slight improvement versus prior year versus last quarter when we had outlook a slight degradation in margin, year-over-year for the full year.
Pat Grismer: So, Andrew, I'll take the gift card breakage part of your question first, then we'll come back to the question on China. First, I want to clarify how the new accounting standard is impacting our P&L generally and then share some perspective on how this has impacted our operating margin specifically. We adopted the new revenue recognition accounting standard this fiscal year. And for the most part, the standard reclassifies stored value card breakage from the interest in other mine below operating income and outside of segment results to the revenue line at the segment level. The new standard also introduces some timing changes, but those are relatively minor. So, on an annual basis, it's mostly a matter of P&L geography that doesn't have a significant impact on EPS. I also want to clarify that breakage is not accounted for in comp sales. It's simply another revenue driver after new stores and comp sales. On a full-year basis, this change in accounting does have a beneficial impact to non-GAAP operating margin of about 40 basis points with the greatest impact in Q2 due to seasonality. All of this is reflected in our full-year operating margin guidance for fiscal ‘19 at both the consolidated and segment levels. With respect to the impact to the Americas and how prominent this was, I do want to highlight that the individual beneficial margin impacts of sales leverage and cost savings, primarily from supply chain, were greater than the positive impact that we realized from the accounting change. So, my view is that fundamental business performance was far and away the driver of our improved operating performance in the Americas. It was not driven by an accounting change. The other thing I would say about the performance in the Americas is that we've seen much higher levels of customer partner engagement. And we believe that this is contributing strongly to our performance across all dayparts in the Americas. So, that's some perspective on the accounting change, and where that sits relative to other drivers of margin performance in the quarter. With respect to the question you raised around the impact of Ele.me and whether there's a significant impact to our overall margin equation because of commissions and so forth, that is not the case. Really, what’s the performance in China is fundamental business performance, where we're seeing sales leverage, which includes some measure of pricing but also very strong improvement in average spend along with continued discipline and cost management. And that’s what’s driving the margin performance, and we expect that that will sustain. We do not anticipate that because of Ele.me or other digital initiatives, that’s going to have a meaningful impact to our margin equation in that market.
Pat Grismer: And then, Sara, this is Pat, responding to your question regarding Channel Development margin. We did experience a higher mix of lower margin sales in our Channel Development segment, primarily Tazo sales to Unilever, and overall volume subject to our Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé.  Also contributing to the lower segment margin for the quarter was a non-recurring adjustment for intangible asset amortization, which is not material to our full-year segment or consolidated outlook. And I do want to reinforce that although the full-year segment margin for Channel Development will be lower than we had previously guided, we remained very pleased with the progress we're making with the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé, and how that's expanding the presence of our brand globally.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Kevin. Jeff, the way we typically think about ownership with respect to any market is really guided by three dimensions, unit level profitability; investment returns; and long-term growth. And when you look at the shape of our U.S. business, what you see is a very high level of profitability, led by the fact that we are a average first concept which has very high gross margin. We have very strong investment returns in our new units, again, led by the fact that we're a beverage first concept that doesn't have a kitchen, it can tend to weigh on total investment and so our sales to investment ratio is very strong in the U.S. and then growth. Even for a concept with our level of penetration, we have significant runway remaining. And that's why as part of our total growth algorithm, we indicated that we saw the U.S. business to continue growing net units at a rate of 3% to 4% per year, which I think is industry-leading for a concept of our scale in a market like the U.S. And the reality is, with our level of company ownership and our continued commitment to investing behind that growth, we are creating significant shareholder value for the long term by maintaining that ownership position, which is balanced very nicely with a very large and growing licensed business. So, the mix feels very good. And there's no doubt that we’re creating significant shareholder value by maintaining and growing our ownership position in the U.S.
Pat Grismer: Gregory, this is Pat. I’ll address the first part of your question in relation to the accounting and then Roz will take the question on U.S. store growth. The accounting change, I'm not going to put a dollar amount on it. But as I indicated earlier, the favorable impact to our consolidated operating margin, our non-GAAP operating margin in the quarter was about 60 basis points. And we do expect that that impact is going to be the highest in Q2 for reasons of seasonality. And then, over to Ross.
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Sharon. Just a few numbers for you. We are seeing about 16.8 million active SR members, that’s up 13%. We are still seeing our MOP continuing to grow just over 15%, and that's up 3% from prior year, flat quarter-to-quarter. Our registered, non-SR digital relationships grew to 15.3 million. And so, that's up just over 2%. This is the quarter that we did introduce the new multi-tier redemption plan, which includes also the redemption for all for our new members. And so, we are just in the beginning of that program. And this is part of the growth that we are expecting in the future.
Roz Brewer: We’ve not really seen really a change in our attrition rate or turnover rate in our labor in our stores. One of the things that I can tell you is that we are increasing our engagement with our partners in our stores. Right now, our customer connections scores are some of the highest in the history. We just experienced this quarter alone a 0.3% improvement over last year. So, we're moving in the right direction there. And lot of that work is coming from what we're doing in terms of making better jobs, easier work in the stores for our partners and actually adding training to the stores. I'll also mention too that we implemented team work this quarter, and team works with our labor scheduling initiatives and it allows our schedule accuracy to improve. And our partners really respond to that because they know their hours. And actually it makes the planning process much easier for the store manager and reduces the amount of work. So, we've got great engagement right now. We're not seeing a shift in our attrition right now.
Roz Brewer: Thank you, David. So, a couple of data points that I will share with you. So, the program is newly launched, just in the last couple of weeks. And so far ,we continue to closely monitor the member calls and the commentary versus our call centers. And today, the volume has been well below our forecast. And we've also been monitoring social media as well. And if you are comparing this to times in the past when we made these transitions, this has significantly lower our response from our customers and any transition they are experiencing. The program -- the vision for the program is to really provide more access to potential members. So if you think about it, the first part of it is allowing our new members to have rewards earlier. So, to give you an example, they earn rewards right away, the first rewards comes at 25 starts after two to three visits. In the past, your first free reward would have come after 30 to 40 free visits. And so, this is an opportunities for us to start our customers out and earning and redeeming stars right away. The second part of it along the lines of the multi-tier redemption for our current members is an option for them to really redeem their stars when they reach 125 stars. Now members are able to redeem their stars at fivetier levels, ranging from 25 to 400 stars, and also to expand the number of items that they can redeem, like merchandise or at home coffee. So, it’s a much broader expanded program for us. There is no star expiration for Starbucks Rewards credit cardholders. So, we think that this program is more accessible for us. We’ve also launched behind this a new Starbucks rewards approximately, so that you can have the interface for the partner. So, when the partner sees your name come up, they are able to know how many starts you have available and begin to explain the program to you when you initially come to the store. So, that’s different than what we’ve had before. We think that that is keeping any of the dissension down just because our partners are now able to explain the program right from the POS system and tell them what's available to them.
Roz Brewer: Sara, this is Roz. I'll start with what we're seeing in terms of spend per member, and any other changes that could be happening. First of all, the new program is much too new to equate any dollars to it and understand the performance yet. I will tell you that we are seeing an improvement in our afternoon business. We have seen when we introduced more of our cold beverage innovations, it's improving afternoons and are non-SR members tend to chat with us in the afternoon. We're also seeing our drive-through performance increase, and we've added labor hours to our drive-through to accommodate that. So, we do think that we are getting a -- this is a first or actually the second quarter we've seen a slight uptick in our afternoon performance. We believe we will continue to see that based on the kind of beverage innovation that we are seeing. But our current spend per member stayed in line with what we've seen in the past.
Roz Brewer: So, actually, the work that we're seeing on in-store execution is going well for us. A lot of the work that we're doing is automating some of the processes in the stores. Team work’s being the first part of that in terms of labor scheduling and taking hours away from our store managers. We are -- actually removed about 12 hours of work in the stores at this point. So, we'll continue to do that level of work -- administrative work. That's exactly right, administrative work, things like scheduling and work that needs to be done in the store. And it's actually creating more time for customer-facing opportunities. And so, that's where we're seeing customer connection scores increase and actually a chance for our baristas to do the best job that they can in terms of things like informing our customers of the new MTR program. So, we're really actually still moving in that direction. I will also mention too, in terms of do we see anything impact that in the feature, we’ve got plans through the rest of the year to continue to improve the work in the stores, the administrative work in the stores. And you will continue to see that work really. And the way we're monitoring it is to really look at customer connection for us and also partner engagement.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So, Greg, on -- if we're seeing any cannibalization and what are we doing around store growth in the Americas. We continue to add new stores. As you're probably aware, we're still in the period of store closures, which is going to be always a chance for us to really prune our business and look at what units are performing and not performing. Just in this quarter alone, if you look at the Company operated stores plus the license stores, this quarter, we're up 20 units, and we continue to have a fairly aggressive new store plan. So, what that would look like is that we actually opened 84 stores in this quarter, we closed 97. So, we're in a good position to continue to look at our portfolio and we're adding strategically. One of the things if you were engaged with us during our investors call, we talked about looking at new formats. And so we're actually adding new formats in addition to that, understanding that the needs data convenience continues to grow, so, things like smaller units, more drive-through stores, and also advancing our cafes to make sure that they are up to date with new technology and new equipment. So, we remain pretty smart about what we're doing with our store development portfolio. 
John Culver: Yes. Matt, this is John. I would say that first off, as I shared at the investor conference in December, the key metric that we track as it relates to transaction is total transaction growth in the market, and we saw strong double-digit transaction growth across the entire store portfolio. As a reminder, over 80% of our total revenue growth is driven by our new stores, and the rest is driven by same-store sales. We did see sequential improvement in transactions in our comp stores in the quarter, and I think that’s important to note. And obviously rewards continue to play a key role. From a rewards standpoint, our Rewards membership, we basically up leveled our current program from a frequency-based program to a spend-based program in December. Our 90-day active membership in the quarter, since that change, has increased over 25% on a year-over-year basis. We now have 8.3 million active 90-day members, and that is a significant step change in terms of the growth rate from what we've seen previously in the program. And today, when you look at Rewards in our stores in China, they represent -- our Rewards members represent over 50% of transactions in our Starbucks stores. Now, clearly, as we continue to lay the rails for digital footprint in China, MOP is going to play an important piece of that. And we're excited about the opportunity to launch MOP in the stores in China by the end of this fiscal year.
John Culver: And Andrew, this is John. I would just add on the margin question on CAP overall. In the quarter, we did see an 80 basis-point improvement in margin and that was driven by the sales leverage and cost savings initiatives that the teams have put in place over there, which we guided toward.
John Culver: This is John. I would say that from a China prospective, we continue to stay focused on the third place experience and elevating the coffee experience and the customer connection that our partners have with our customers who come in the door. In addition, we continue to expand our business into channels, whether that be through delivery, through new concepts that we're creating as well as through eventually the global coffee alliance later this year. Now, Kevin talked about, we are seeing accelerated competitive environment in China in discounting as part of that. And I would just say that we continue to take the long-term view and belief in our strategy and execute it in a way that continues to elevate the experience for our customers. As a company in China, we’re not looking to buy short-term revenue. Rather, we are looking to continuing to build on the 20-year history and the success that we’ve had in the market. Kevin talked in his comments about our brand strength. It’s never been stronger and more relevant, and that’s indicative through the brand survey that we just recently completed.  Our total transactions continue to grow double digits; our new stores continue to perform best in class. This year, we will open 600 stores and continue to gain share in the marketplace. And the financial foundation that we've been able to build in China regardless of the competitive environment or the changing consumer environment, allows us to continue to make meaningful investment and adapt model to this changing consumer environment. So, for us, these are the very early days for our business in China. We're very optimistic about the future growth opportunity that exists there. And we’re going to stay focused on the strategy that we put in place on continuing to expand the reach and the availability of Starbucks coffee in the marketplace.
John Culver: Yes. Andy, this is John. Obviously, this is the first quarter with which we had East China in the comp base. And when we look at it versus the rest of the old company owned businesses, the comp performance in both markets was relatively equal. And more importantly is when you look at the way in which we have the operation setup across the country in the regions or regions in China throughout China performed very strong. We obviously delivered comp growth of 3%, which was sequential improvement, quarter-to-quarter, top-line revenue grew 16%, total transactions low double-digits, new store performance continue to be best-in-class. We grew store count 17%, and we now operate nearly 3,800 stores across 161 cities. So, we feel that we are in a very good position to continue to win in the marketplace and to continue to lead the growth of the coffee market and capture more than our fair share.
