Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Sharon, this is Kevin. We'll have Roz talk a little bit about where we're focused on store builds, and then Scott will follow up on the part of your question around the economics.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, and Jeff let me just reinforce a couple of key points that I think are important – this is Kevin. First of all, as Belinda said and as I said in my comments, the market in China that we are in a market growth phase that is all about new store expansion. The fact that we're in roughly 130 to 140 cities and expanding into the next 100 cities over the next three years is critical. And the reason we grew transactions in the mid-teens in China is because of new store growth. And it is where – it is through that expansion that we're enabling the brand to not only deepen its engagement with customers in the cities that we're in but also to expand into new cities. And so I think, as Belinda highlighted those – our stores are performing. Some of them are the most profitable stores in the world. The new ones we're building are the most – some of the most profitable stores in the world, and it is about store expansion. And so I just want to reinforce that point because that is the core strategy for China right now and it will be for the next several years.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Let me take sort of the first response to that, David, and then I'll hand it over to Roz to talk a little bit about the beverage innovation pipeline. First of all, the most important day-part for Starbucks is the morning day-part. And we are growing comp in the morning day-part. We're growing transactions in the morning day-part. The area that we've highlighted that we've had softness has been that afternoon from 2:00 on and then evenings from 4:00 PM on. So, when we look at this, the fact that the morning day-part that's growing is a very, very, very positive metric. Number two, when I look at the beverage portfolio and I look at the core platforms, Coffee, Espresso, Tea and Refreshers, all of those are growing. And they're offsetting the softness we've had in blended. So all of a sudden, you start to intersect the issue around blended and afternoons has sort of been amplified in this quarter because this is the quarter of Frappuccinos. And so you put that together and I think much of that is sort of explained. Now, as Roz mentioned, the campaign that we have for the afternoon and the cold beverages that we're driving around afternoon made, I think we're feeling good about that. Let me hand it over to Roz to talk a little bit about the pipeline of innovation.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, Matthew, this is Kevin I'll start and share a perspective and get some others to add. But first of all, what's changed in terms of the store performance in middle America? Well, apparently Americans in middle America like espresso beverages and our coffee because those stores are performing at higher AUVs and higher profitability than any other part of the country. And so I don't know what the experiment was back then, but it's working now. And this is not a new thing. We've been doing this for the last couple of years and we're seeing great performance from those stores. We're using – as I outlined at Oppenheimer, we're using analytics to really look at the store, the number of stores per capita that we have in areas. We look at the demographics in those areas and we're using technology to help inform us where to go build these stores. And in since doing that, it's worked. So it's – I think the fact that just proven by the store performance we're getting on those new stores that we've been building throughout middle America and the South, they're performing well. I think the other part, then, in terms of value, the core beverage platforms of coffee, espresso, tea, refreshers are all growing. The morning day-part is growing. When we think about the differentiators for Starbucks, we differentiate around a premium coffee, a premium experience, and we differentiate by doing custom handcrafted beverages at scale. And that is why our morning day-part just keeps growing. That is the core value proposition for our customers. And in that day-part we are growing, we're growing strong and we feel good about that. As Roz mentioned, we had – in the afternoon day-part we've had some softness in afternoon, and we've seen softness in the blended platform that we've been working to address. I think, as I highlighted some of the consumer trends, this need state of convenience, we really have unlocked that I think in a way not only with Mobile Order and Pay, but with our drive-thrus and that's balancing then the experience we create in our stores around the third place around community. And so I think if we just look at both what we've learned over the last decade and the performance of the investments that we've made in those store formats, in those geographies, in our beverage platform, in the morning day-part, those things give us confidence that we're absolutely on the right path.
Rosalind G. Brewer: So, first of all, if you just look at our quarterly revenues, four points of our revenue growth came from new stores and in that configuration is quite a bit of mid-America and Southern states, so we're already seeing that performance play through for us. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing with our current portfolio. Going forward, we are focusing in that area. I will tell you that in areas like Seattle and Manhattan, while we're encouraged by the business that we have in those areas, we are putting less units in those two geographies, but at the same time they're highly dense areas with increased occupancy cost and increased labor spends in those areas. So we're already seeing the performance from our current portfolio that is already targeted towards middle America and the Southern parts of the states, so we're encouraged by what we're seeing and so we're going to continue that process.
Rosalind G. Brewer: Yeah, sure, let me give a little bit more flavor to our comp performance. So first of all, I'll start off with, if you break down our comp, we've got two points of that coming from beverage and another point coming from food. So we're encouraged in terms of what we're seeing. All of our core categories except for Frappuccino grew in the quarter, both our core coffee beverages, our innovative new products such as Drafts and Refreshers, so we're seeing growth in every category. We're seeing food attachment from our breakfast sandwiches happening, where up to 22% of our portfolio is food, so we're seeing that have a nice impression on our ticket. We're still growing in morning peak, and that's our most important day-part, and we're still growing in the morning. And then lastly I'll tell you we're seeing strong performance of our new stores that we just talked about that we're placing in these markets of middle America and in the South. So that gives us encouragement that we're on the right track. Just the isolation of moving transactions is our focus and we need to get those transactions through our beverage growth. And when Kevin talked about the afternoon day-part, it is a soft part of our business. The marketing campaign that we ran through the beginning of the spring is still ongoing. It's actually the largest media spend we've done in a while – consistent, focused on afternoons and absolutely focused on a new occasion in the afternoon with teas and refreshers. So we're going to maintain our plans to continue this work that we're doing because we're encouraged from what we're seeing right now.
Rosalind G. Brewer: Sure. So we actually feel pretty good about the velocity of innovation at Starbucks in terms of the beverage business. First of all, we're seeing a strong shift to Cold and we're playing directly in that space. Our mix is up to 50% with our cold mix of our beverages. And if you look at everything we focused on in terms of our newness, it has been in cold beverage. In addition to the addition of our Blonde espresso at the beginning of the year, we're seeing our customers customize even their cold beverages with Blonde espresso. So focusing on innovation in core coffee and then innovation in blended with the Premium Frappuccino, we introduced three of those this quarter, and we're pleased with how those three are moving for us. And we've also customized with cold foam and we're getting momentum on refreshers and teas. And then not only the innovation on beverages but in food. And so we introduced a new egg bite, Sous Vide Egg Bite this quarter. We're encouraged what we see there. And then when you combine that kind of innovation in food and beverage with what we're doing with the acceleration in digital, we're matching all the customer information that we're gathering with what their needs are. One thing I will isolate is that our Cold Brew is really resonating with our male millennials. So, when we wrap our arms around our consumer-driven needs for the growth in our business and innovation, it sends us directly towards a cold platform and continuing to innovate in our core coffee business. So we actually feel pretty good about our beverage lineup and the innovation pipeline.
Rosalind G. Brewer: Yeah, so let me just clarify the point on store growth. So, we're still adding a significant number of stores on both our company-owned and our licensed units. And I will tell you what we're doing is looking very closely at managing the trade areas in terms of where we place stores. And then there's a second piece to that, Sara, that talks about the formats that we place. So I think you're aware that 80% of our portfolio going forward – actually approaching 90% now, is drive-thru. But we're also looking at exactly where those drive-thrus can complement an express unit or complement a cafe. So we're looking very surgically at where we place our units and being really smart about that, with the focus of the geography in middle America and the Southeast. And so you'll see that play out in our stores coming forward. And we are not slowing our growth in those concentrated areas.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And I would add is we've moved towards more drive-thru. Roz referenced 80% or more drive-thrus. We've actually seen the AUVs accelerate over the past four or five years, so even as we've gone into some of those suburban areas the drive-thru format has about 25% to 30% more revenue than our typical in metro non-drive-thru format. So the weighting out of those drive-thrus are actually both quite high AUVs and really good profitability.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, thanks, John, it's Scott. Let me just try to narrow the range in a bit for you. We're literally in the middle of our annual planning process. So we'll come back in the fall and give you more specifics. But let me try to tighten in the range, because I know it's hard to model. First of all, what we've talked about is one point of system sales. And just to roll forward system sales. The last time we talked about it was in our December 2016 Investor Day, and we said it's about $30 billion. So, if you grow that at the rate of revenue, you're somewhere in the mid-$30 billion, call it the $35 billion range. We'll be around a point of that building over three years. And what I said in my prepared remarks is we think 35% to 45% of that comes on a run rate basis in 2019. So the way that we'll – when we get into the fall, we'll take a look at fourth quarter exit rate of G&A as a percent of system sales. That will be our peg point. And then we'll roll forward three years to take 100 basis points or approximately 100 basis points out of that, with 35% to 45% of that coming in 2019. So that should allow you to narrow it in a little bit. Obviously there is some range around that as we get into the specifics of exactly how quickly we can execute on some of these things, where the big opportunities lie. But that allows you to tighten up your modeling a bit, I think.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And Matt, I would just add when Roz talked about our store growth, she said middle America and across the South. And the South is actually the bigger piece of that growth when I look at the numbers. So you're talking about Southern California, Texas, Arizona, the Southeast, Florida. These are markets with a lot of growth. And in addition to the middle part of the country, which is doing great as well, we're just seeing really strong performance in those markets with drive-thru. It's completely core to the move towards cold beverages and iced coffees. It's completely core to drive-thru and the suburban strategy that we have. And so I would just broaden the middle America part to definitely talk about the broad swath of the Southern U.S.
Belinda Wong - Starbucks Corp.: Okay, hi, thank you, Jeff, for your question. First of all, delivery as a whole, it's becoming a lifestyle ritual in China. And consumer behaviors are changing. This is a trend we'll be addressing through Starbucks Delivery to complement our third-place in-store strategy. Second is competitive landscape in China, which we'll also address through our Delivery services, as well as our growth agenda we shared during our Investor Day with our elevated Starbucks experience and the innovations that we do. Third will be the higher than expected level of sales transfer that I shared before from existing stores to new stores. That may have an impact in the short-term. But for sure the right thing to do to expand our market share now and in the long run. Don't forget operating in a developing coffee market, we need to continue to grow our presence through new stores. This means more than 75% of our growth comes from new store and we needed to do that because we're in a developing coffee market. We need to cultivate coffee culture, we need to share coffee with people who have never tried coffee. And our comp accounts for 25% of our growth. And we will continue to innovate and deliver meaningful and relevant experience to our customers to drive comp. But, again, growing greater market share in this market. So, I have no doubts that China will be back on track very soon in terms of our comp. So, thank you.
Belinda Wong - Starbucks Corp.: Yes. Sara, hi, Belinda here. I assume you mean the specialty coffee market in China being mature or maturing. This is not the case at all. I think we shared the stats before on 300 cups in the U.S. and then 0.4 cup in China. And we're working hard to cultivate a coffee culture here. Even in tier 1 cities like Beijing and Shanghai. So there's plenty of room to grow. And with the middle class up-and-coming more and more people – our job is to make sure more and more people get to try what we love, which is coffee and sharing our passion. So there's plenty of room to grow.
Belinda Wong - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. Hi, Matt. East China comp over the past few years has been somewhat below the rest of Mainland China, just as you said, due to the significant pace of store openings in that market and some other opportunities we're executing on. After East China, it's fully-owned company operated. That continues in FY 2018, and over time we expect the comps in these two pieces of the business to converge. But I'm happy to report that East China integration is progressing on track and the region is posting P&L performances in line with our expectations.
