Howard Schultz: Thank you. We see no indication whatsoever from any competitive threat in any region in the country. Specifically, even in those markets where companies were giving away coffee for weeks at a time. We saw no dilution whatsoever in our customer base. With regard to product, it’s clear that over the last 10 years, we created a category that did not exist with Pumpkin Spice Latte. Having said that, PSL did very well for the season. One of the hallmarks of Starbucks is surprising and delighting our customers with proprietary beverages. The interesting thing about the beverage we are introducing Chestnut Praline Latte, this is something we tested kind of under the radar last year. It surprised us at the high end and this is a product that’s coming into the system with as much enthusiasm internally as things -- anything we’ve done in the past during the holiday season and I put it in the same spirit as when we introduce Eggnog Latte many, many years ago. This is the beverage that’s going to do very well. But the short answer to your question, no competitive attrition whatsoever to our business. We do not see it.
Howard Schultz: We are seeing nothing in terms of cannibalization. The quality of the new stores and I think our discipline around opening these new stores while maintaining our operational excellence and focus on the customer in the existing stores, we have never had so much success and strength in this area.
Howard Schultz: Yeah. David, thanks for the question. There is no doubt that the work that we’ve done in preparing for holiday on the specific promotional overlay of Starbucks for Life is going to have a comprehensive and significant social and digital media component, leveraging all of the learnings we’ve had in the past. And I think if you go back in history, we’ve been able to leverage that and in doing so lower our cost of customer acquisition versus traditional media. And you are going to see that in spades, ones the holiday season kicks-off. Now, Starbucks for Life does not start until the first week in December but we’ve got a tremendous offering between that. But you are going to see a lot of promotional material and I think based on the people we talk to and the demand that’s already come from people who’ve heard about Starbucks for Life. This has the potential to be quite a frenzy with regard to being, perhaps a number one gift that only 13 people in America and Canada are going to get.
Howard Schultz: Yes. Let me try and take a shot at that. If you remember last year, I spoke very specifically about the seismic change in consumer behaviors. And what I talk about specifically was a downturn in kind of traffic that we saw historically that I felt strongly was being displace be e-commerce and mobile shopping. As result of what happened last year, as soon as Christmas ended, we worked diligently to literally transform the entire Christmas holiday beginning in middle of November. In anticipation of another year of the downturn in traffic that could be worst in the year before. And the work that I’ve outlined in terms of Starbucks for Life and all the plans we have around the 100 proprietary cards and leveraging the success we’ve had with card in the last couple of years. Most specifically last year, we sold over $1 billion of cards. All of that is in place, beginning for the holiday season. What we saw though was that downturn in traffic which literally, I think when you think about back-to-school. If you talk about all the national retailers, back-to-school this year was almost a non-event for most retailers, physical retailers. And so once again, we saw the downturn in physical traffic. But we did not anticipate seeing it in the fall, we anticipated and we prepared for the holiday season that is what I’m saying. This is not a throughput issue and this is definitely not a competitive space issue. This is a shift, a cultural shift in consumer behavior. I also want to just reiterate one thing. We strongly believe that the opportunity around convenience. Leveraging will be around drive-throughs and creating convenient opportunities for customers to get access to Starbucks is going to be another way and which we are going to win.
Howard Schultz: Yeah. Just to be clear and I think Howard said this. This is not a productivity issue. Productivity in the fourth quarter was stronger than all year long and significantly stronger than it was in the fourth quarter. The year ago productivity as measured by transaction per labor hour. Our ability to put more traffic through those busiest day parts. So that really isn’t the issue. The broader issue is about less traffic out there for us to capture and bring in, as Howards just described this. Fundamentally, it’s not a throughput issue whatsoever. And as we continue to drive in issue such as Mobile, Order and Pay and a larger percentage coming through the mobile app and payment technologies and whole digital experience, all that does is raise the lid on our ability to increase traffic for the stores and all day parts.
Howard Schultz: Yeah. And I would just add in terms of, Mobile, Order and Pay, our research and our design indicates that we look to see an improvement in ticket as well through the way we are designing that program as well. So it’s not just traffic. It’s not just throughput. It’s not just convenience but we believe it will track. It will hit ticket as well
Howard Schultz: Yeah, I wouldn’t break it out as purely check. Some of it is growth of attach, but makes sure attach and mix -- yes, we are seeing that growth across the system.
Howard Schultz: Jeff, let me speak to your last question. We generate unlike many others in company operated retail extremely strong return of capital as we deploy capital into company-operated stores. That’s true all around the world. So our decision around when to license and when to company own are not surely driven by simply percentage margin because that’s one thing. But we very significantly look at the overall size of the P&L, our ability to deploy capital and generate very, very strong return on capital, which we can do, the ability to use company-operated formats but in some case license operations to get access to geographies where we are not able to operate specific sites in real estate where we are able to operate ourselves. And so there is a wide range of board decisions that lead us to what we believe to be the awful mix of ownership, company operated and license in the U.S. and that’s same analysis, sometimes a different answer to that same set of analytics lead us to think about license versus JD versus company operated all around the world. So we’re very pleased with the direction we are going, both in terms of our company-operated development which will continue to accelerate and our license store development which will also continue to accelerate.
Howard Schultz: Let me clarify the marketing issue. There is no additional marketing spend for this quarter than we previously had in our operating budget. We anticipated how big Starbucks for life could and would be. And we’ve allocated marketing money against that that is in our AOP and in the guidance that we’ve already shared with you. So there is no additional market expense beyond the normal course of business.
Howard Schultz: No. Actually its -- we are not going to get into specifics of how much we exactly spend on marketing but we are not spending -- I can tell you we are spending more on marketing for this holiday than we did last year. We’re just reallocating the money against Starbucks for a while.
Howard Schultz: Understand. No, just a wide range of investments that we make in the business constantly, nothing more specific to provide there.
Howard Schultz: Okay. Let me have the last word and just share with you that we are playing offence here. I mean, we understand that there is a macro issue in the consumership. We are playing offence and we began that last year right after holiday and come this holiday in calendar ‘15, we are going to be in a position to win. End of story. JoAnn, I think that’s it.
Troy Alstead: I’ll just add one point to that, John. Thanks, Cliff. We in the quarter are growing across all day parts, even the busiest morning day part is producing nice comp growth. So I think we are demonstrating increased throughput, as Cliff just said, highest productivity of fiscal ‘14 happened in the fourth quarter and it was a significant improvements over productivity in the fourth quarter of the prior year. It’s not a throughput issue whatsoever and we continue to invest in the ability to move lines more quickly, put more volumes through our stores, digital with mobile order pay is just one example of what’s yet to come.
Troy Alstead: And John you heard Howard comment in is prepared remarks about convenience. We know the convenience is a huge, very important driver of the customer experience and ultimate size of the opportunity in the business. As we become increasingly disciplined around market mapping, around store location, around store formats, around performance of our dry fruits, about the ability to tap into new trade areas and demand like never before, as we are opening up accelerated numbers of new stores, basically opening them up almost at mature volume levels in year one, extremely high performance across all history, as we are able to do that, we are still performing with strong store results, strong comp growth and improve the untapped opportunity we have ahead for us in store growth in the U.S. and around the world.
Troy Alstead: I think it’s also good to say that there has been some exciting developments in recent years in license which traditionally was transport and grocery which continues to grow. But we’ve also had the opportunity whether it is in Vegas, in hotels, in entertainment areas but more recently in Disney, which has just been incredible to offer Starbucks to a whole group of new customers in a captive space. And we see that continue to grow so we are pushing ahead on that as we push ahead on plans to expand our company-operated stores across the U.S., Canada and Brazil within the Americas.
Troy Alstead: Well I’d say we did not go for any specifics to that. We have a number of investments that Scott spoke about including the partner conference as we travel through this quarter that lead to the guidance with the initiative to the quarter and no specifics attached to any one of those items specifically.
Troy Alstead: And if I can just wrap up one point on that, not related to tax but related to the previous thing. Things such as the leadership conference which we have conducted in year’s past and conducted on just a couple week ago here in Seattle. Investments in our partner experience, those are critical investments that you should not view as cost or margin pressure. On the contrary, those have consistently in our business lead to a sustained growth in the partner experience and the partner’s ability in our source to drive great customer experiences which is fundamentally what fuels the kind of comp growth in margin structure and volumes in Starbucks business that nobody else can replicate. These are investments in the current year and in the future that we are very proud of. 
Scott Maw: The first thing I’ll say is I will be giving a significant more level of specificity in investor day including specific dollar amounts. But let me sort of frame it up what we are doing. If you look at cost of goods sold efficiencies, the challenge that we give our supply chain every year, last year, the number that we gave them was and I will give this in investor day with X. Next year, the number we’re going to give them is two times of that. And so what we’ve done over the course of two years is double the amount of savings that’s going through the P&L. And that’s what’s in the forecast next year. And what’s important to note is last year with that initial target, we drove no cost of goods sold leverage in the P&L. This year, particularly in the fourth quarter, for the first time, we turn that to cost of goods sold leverage and next year that leverage become significant. So we will walk through all of that in investor day, but that will give you some rough sense of the numbers.
Scott Maw: It’s Scott. I’ll take the margin question in the U.S. I think the short answer is we think we can continue to grow operating margin in the U.S. business. If you look at the strength of the comp growth and the number of drivers we have lined up next year. And you look at how we’ve been leveraging margin over the past couple of years through really all opened down the P&L store operating margin leverage, cost of goods sold leverage and G&A leverage. I think we can continue to drive more of that. I think we can continue to drive labor productivity as Troy talked about. So I don’t see a limit to the operating margin growth. I think this year was an extraordinary year but I think we see it continue to expand in the future.
Scott Maw: Yeah I think I mentioned those in my prepared remarks. I think the way to think about that is if you look at our long term EPS growth rate of 15% to 20%, we’ve guided right in the middle of that. What’s bringing us down a point or two of the top end of that is some of those investments. So we don’t have the commodities favorability this year. And we are going a little bit more forward into some benefits around partner paying benefits and around digital. So that’s what really brings us down from the upper end towards the middle. So we add all the things Troy referenced across the business together is a pointer to on the growth rate.
