Troy Alstead: Michael, what I would say is our first and foremost goal is what I just mentioned a short time ago, which is we firmly believe we have every opportunity to maintain our long-term earnings growth, 15% to 20% earnings growth target. And I believe that to be true for some number of years to come, and I believe that to be true in fiscal '12 despite what may be, may well be higher coffee costs and commodity costs overall in that year. So fundamentally, that's how we're approaching it. It's possible that some of the lines on the P&L will feel more pressure than others, cost of goods, for example, that we may have opportunity to leverage in other places in the P&L and we'll certainly look at all those opportunities. I will tell you that we are extremely cautious about pricing. We recognize the consumer environment is still very fragile. We had a great success over the past year and, in fact, 18 months in building our customer traffic almost against the odds, against -- and despite what is a very difficult consumer environment still. And we're highly respectful of that consumer traffic and that customer base we have. So we used pricing where appropriate and in doses, small appropriate doses, but I absolutely will not use pricing as the only way to offset those commodity pressures. We have a number of other levers in the P&L that we have become very practiced with in the past year or two and much more disciplined about managing. We'll certainly leverage those things. And then I would just fundamentally say, the underlying strength in our business continues to grow and build, both in the U.S. with stronger margins, with a great momentum we're feeling internationally. That momentum on the top line and throughout the P&L was also an important hedge for us against the commodity pressures that we're feeling.
Troy Alstead: Michael, I won't make any comments about our trends within the quarter. We usually resist that, and I'll resist that again this time. What I will tell you is the one place we really mentioned in the script feeling some weather impact this quarter was in Canada. It was a bit more pronounced there for us. With that said, that's a smaller market and so the impact of weather in some concentrated areas of Canada were more noticeable. Across our much larger U.S. business, of course in selected markets at different times, we feel weather impacts. But over the course of the big geographic dispersion that we have, it tends not to be a meaningful part of our business. And so that's why we tend not to talk about it.
Troy Alstead: Thanks for your questions. Let me introduce Cliff Burrows, President of our U.S. business. I'll ask him to talk about this question.
Troy Alstead: And what I might add to that, John, add on to Cliff's comments is that investing in our partners and our store partners is a critical, critical priority for us. And so recognizing that they deliver the customer's experience, the customer satisfaction scores at record levels, as we mentioned earlier, making sure we're investing back in our partners to drive the business is an important tool for us in this quarter and going forward. So the long run, while we do expect to continue to leverage where we can parts of the P&L, at the same time we'll invest where we need to to drive the top line and to allow that overall U.S. margin to maintain and even grow from these high levels we've got today.
Troy Alstead: What I would tell you is that we have, just as we've exercised over the past year or 2, some very strategic pricing programs in place now, which means fairly frequent routine adjustments from time to time. Often, those will be down; sometimes, they're net neutral; and sometimes, they'll be a little bit up. We are, again, reiterating what I said earlier, very, very cautious with what we do with pricing, still have no intention to do more of it today for any big impact on the pricing line. Of course, we'll watch the environment very closely and respond as we need to. But we've had great success so far taking very modest, occasional price changes where it's appropriate and where it fits and where the consumer allows us to. One of the points I would make going back to my prepared comments is that average ticket growth of 1% this quarter, pricing was a part of that growth. The continued expansion of our warming program was a part of that. And then offsetting those 2 things a little bit were some additional discounts that impact the average ticket line, those discounts coming in the form of our highly successful loyalty program, which you're familiar with, and also just some routine promotional activities in the quarter to help drive traffic. So there are a number of things in that line that offset a bit and brought ticket down just a little bit from previous quarter's trends.
Troy Alstead: No, I don't think you should conclude that, Joe. The leverage points we saw early in several places throughout the P&L, for example, occupancy with our strong same-store sales growth we've had this quarter and for several quarters in a row now. We clearly can leverage the occupancy line. That's buried within the overall cost of sales in occupancy, so that becomes a little bit less visible to you. But there is certainly leverage there in some other fixed places around our P&L, where we're able to leverage as time goes on.
Troy Alstead: What I would add to that, Jeffrey, adding to Jeff's comments is that, as we normally do each year, it's in our next earnings release, the July call, when we will provide our targets for 2012. And I wouldn't -- I would expect in that call, we'll give you a bit more texture around exactly your questions on what we expect to see to some extent out of both VIA and K-Cups and then the overall CPG business in 2012. You can expect a bit more from us on that in our next call.
Troy Alstead: David, there's a lot there, so let me point to Jeff first and ask him to perhaps talk about single-serve a little bit more broadly and then about how he views pricing down the aisle. And then perhaps, we'll look to Cliff and others to talk about other pieces of your question.
Troy Alstead: I'll start with that question and have Jeff speak a little bit more to K-Cups specifically. But broadly speaking, our long-term earnings growth targets we've laid out a 15% to 20% is inclusive in our minds of a number of opportunities we're pursuing. So as we build out VIA, for example, as we grow internationally, as we expand on the single-serve platform, all those things I would expect to contribute to achieving that 15% to 20% earnings growth, recognizing that our targets for 2011 are at the very top end of that range of earnings growth that we've reiterated again today. So that's how we think about it as we're laying out and pursuing these many, many opportunities we have ahead of us, recognizing that commodity costs are a great unknown here but also acknowledging that one of the important levers we have in addition to just the unbelievable underlying health and strength of our business and customer traffic trends into our stores is the fact that we have really sharpened the pencil in the last couple of years, developed some new muscle, some new disciplines around managing the business, the supply chain, all the expense lines, and that has a cheat up for those opportunities to become much more effective and efficient. And that is and continues to be an important lever for us at all levels, in all geographies in the business to help offset some of these pressures that we face, whether they be normal cost pressures that are out there every year or, at a time like this, some extraordinary pressures that we face in terms of coffee prices. I'll ask Jeff now to speak more specifically to K-Cups in the coming year.
Clifford Burrows: John, it's Cliff. The journey with lean -- the journey with improving our productivity continues. We are looking at every new product we introduce. We're looking at stretching the day part, and I think we've done that in a small way this quarter with the introduction of the petit, which is an afternoon-focused product. And we continue to look at ways we can deploy our labor more effectively to increase throughputs at peak. And we are continuing the program of rigorous testing whether it's a new products introduction, whether it's with the way we deploy our teams or indeed just the way we handle products, and that continues to be very effective. So in this quarter, it was just, if I can say, lots of little things, and we'll continue that journey. And I do see lean being a part of our playbook for the month and years to come.
Clifford Burrows: Well, in the quarter, a lot happened, which we're not breaking out. But our 40th activities around that, the training for our partners around the new logo, around our whole events around our 40th anniversary, so lots of it in it. But we will continue to seek ways to keep leveraging our labor and our productivity. At the same time, we're continuing to focus on the customer experience, and we have seen that customer experience has increased or helped us increase our transaction count across the country. I think that's an important balance.
Clifford Burrows: Greg, it's Cliff here. What we have seen across the country, this increased traffic, which is good news. And it really is a mixture of improving our speed at peak times, which means we can improve capacity, where the customers are there and where they have a choice. We are giving them more reasons to come back by introducing afternoon offers, such as petit, which we've seen a little bit of growth in the early days there. And also, we are working very hard to make sure that we attract new customers, whether it's through their online strategy, and that with the occasional offers to a broader audience through a pastry day or a new food introduction or a breakfast sandwich promotion that is helping, and at the same time, our Drive-Through business, which is about 50% of our company-owned portfolio in the U.S. Again, we've been working very hard there around operational techniques to improve throughput at peak. So it is a whole number of things. We are focused on maintaining and building the loyalty and frequency of our existing customers while making ourselves available to new customers as they come along.
Clifford Burrows: Yes. David, the model we brought, I suppose, to bear over the last 18 months, we have been going on geographic region at a time. We have looked at the local ability to pay the upfront customers competitive set, and we've also looked at the total ticket because as we have introduced new food lines and our food attach starts to grow at different day parts. In the morning, it's attaching to beverage. In the afternoon, it helps us with occasion. We are looking at that total ticket and the customer. We're testing, we're seeing sensitivity and we're going to be very disciplined in that because the customers' ability to pay versus all the inflationary pressures, whether it's their own spend, where those or indeed everything else is going their lives from the fuel to other commodities, is a fine balance. And for us, the priority is maintaining their business, at the same time continuing to over the medium term and longer term growing our margin. The customer is very clear. The quality and consistency of the beverage, the speed of service and the friendliness, all adds up to the price they're willing to pay for Starbucks. They're equally saying to us we recognize and reward by loyalty and the rewards card is playing a big part in that. And we continue to see additional customers, increases in the amount they put on the card and the loyalty and frequencies growing. So we're trying to get that balance right, David, and we'll continue to work on that as we have over the last 18 months.
Jeff Hansberry: Sure. Hi, Keith. Thanks for the question. So as we look at it, the biggest difference that controlling our destiny down the aisle allows, it allows us to leverage our blueprint for growth, that ability to speak to both our customer and our consumer in one voice to really be able to fully leverage the portfolio of assets that Starbucks uniquely brings to bear from the 11,000 stores that we have in the U.S. to 50 million customer visits that we have every week, our Facebook presence, our Twitter following, our loyalty following. So this step change will allow us to bring that to life. And what's really powerful and worth reiterating is that 3,000 of those 11,000 stores actually sit within some of the very best grocery and mass stores in the U.S., some of the very best grocery and mass coffee stores in the U.S. So we have now, with direct control of this business, the ability to bring the power of the green neighbor and the power of the barista to our customer, whether he or she is at a Starbucks store or whether they're in the aisle purchasing coffee. And that allows us to really elevate and transform that shopping experience for the customer. So that's the big difference in what we're very excited about in building the capability to be able to deliver against. As we look to the future and what's possible, we're very excited, as we've shared previously, about the premium single-cup space. It is a significant contributor, the significant contributor to growth in the coffee category, and we're very well positioned today with the 3 platforms that we are going to leverage starting this fall between the VIA brand, K-Cups and also our Courtesy relationship. So we're looking to continue to drive growth on this business.
Jeff Hansberry: Thanks for the question, Jeffrey. Unfortunately, I can't speak to the details of the arrangement with the Green Mountain. What I can say, though, is that you're exactly right. We do see both of those businesses as $1 billion opportunities for Starbucks, and they will both grow to $1 billion over time. I can't speak to when specifically, but what I can say is that for VIA, we're continuing to see very strong momentum on the brand. I spoke in my comments about how VIA promise is bringing more new users for the category. We're seeing repeat rates amongst triers at 37%, which is at the high end of the category. We've introduced some new SKUs, both flavored and iced during the second quarter, which have been met very favorably from the trade. And as we move forward, we expect that we're getting to a point now on VIA that we are getting to critical mass. And by that, I mean we have enough SKUs in the portfolio, that we're starting to see a step change in velocity and volume. So we're very encouraged about the future for VIA. And with regard to K-Cups, again, very, very encouraged. We're seeing, as you are seeing, significant and rapid growth within the K-Cup space, and our early conversations with trade have been extremely positive and we expect to get off to a very fast start on that business when we launch this fall.
Jeff Hansberry: So with regard to single, to premium single-cup, we think this segment is nascent. And we have established 3 platforms for growth in the U.S., but that's just the beginning for us. We are continuing to explore and will continue to explore and develop additional platforms both for the U.S. and abroad. So we think there is tremendous runway for growth in this space, and we intend be the leader in the premium single-cup space. So hopefully that answers your question regarding single-cup. With regard to pricing, we had previously announced pricing on March 18 for Starbucks Packaged Coffee in the CPG space. And since that announcement, we continue to see growth on the business. In fact, during March, we saw a share growth of nearly 70 basis points to 27.2% per Nielsen most recent 13 weeks. And we grew volumes, so we're continuing to grow both volume and share on the CPG business even as we move through a price increase that we announced on March 18.
Jeff Hansberry: Thanks, Troy. Hi, John. With regard to supply for K-Cups, we've worked and continue to work closely with both Green Mountain and our customers as we prepare for the fall launch in Starbucks K-Cups in CPG channels and then sequence into Starbucks stores in 2012. So we're confident that we will have the product that we need to meet customer demand.
Howard Schultz: And, Troy, if I add one thing -- this is Howard. Joe, let me just add one thing with regard to pricing and the coffee cost issue. I think in addition to looking at it through the lens of Starbucks, we want to look at it in terms of the landscape on a macro level in terms of all the people that are trying to sell coffee and the people that are in the coffee business. The flexibility, and the leverage and the ability to navigate through this, which we've now demonstrated for the first 2 quarters of the year, and the confidence that we have that we'll be able to do it for the balance of the year and in fiscal '12 is not what we really, I think, examining is that there's going to be a lot of pressure on small and large players in the marketplace. And our ability to use other methods within the business provides us with a competitive advantage in terms of making sure that our customers are seeing the fact that Starbucks is providing value for them at a time when perhaps others are going to have to raise prices in a significant way. The other thing, which I think I just want to amplify, is that we've been able to use a loyalty program and a rewards program to create a value proposition for our customers, especially our most loyal customers, which has been another opportunity that we've had to kind of navigate through this. So I think we want to make sure, as we go through this commodity problem, that we're looking at it, not only through the lens of Starbucks, but the competitive position and the competitive advantage that we're going to be in as a result of the pressure that's going to exist on other companies that won't have the flexibility that we now have.
Howard Schultz: Cliff, let me add one more thing, and that is there obviously has been a seismic change in consumer behavior, not only because of social and digital media, but because of how customers are getting access to information and also the unbelievable pressure that people are feeling as the result of the economy, that people are making much more discretionary purchases that, I think, are deeply involved in how decisions have not been made in the past. In any event, the fact that we can integrate social and digital media into the way in which we're communicating with our customers has given us a competitive advantage over traditional companies of how those products are being marketed. And we see the fact that those digital channels are, not only lowering cost of acquisition, but driving traffic into our stores. So when we come out with a new category like petits, which is skewed towards the afternoon day part, we have leveraged social and digital media to create awareness and trial at a very low cost. And this is just the beginning of our ability to integrate these channels in a new way of marketing and communicating with our customers, both domestically and internationally, and that has resulted in Starbucks being the leading consumer brand on Facebook, Twitter and Foursquare. And the capability that we now have is becoming a significant competitive advantage to, not only driving traffic, but creating long-standing, emotional engagement with our customers.
Howard Schultz: Okay. Sure. I think the headline is that International has crossed over in many ways the fundamental learnings that we've had in the U.S. over the last 2 years, and I was integrating that in all aspects of our business in every region that we operate. As a result of that, we're seeing record operating margins, which I think has given us great confidence that we can now take full advantage of the opportunities that we have to expand Starbucks International. I think can't get into the specifics today, but certainly as we look at the runway of growth and the opportunities that we have across the globe and China is just one market. We haven't talked about the fact that we're going to enter India, that we're looking at other markets as well, that we're under-stored in markets like Brazil and Russia. And even in a country like Mexico, which 5 years ago we thought was a market that had perhaps growth opportunities for a total of 200 or 250 stores, we're going to get to 500 before we know it, and there's no end in sight. So I think these are early days for us. We want to leverage the licensed opportunities so that we'd get a better return on capital for the company and our shareholders. And I think the good news is we just had an International summit in Seattle, and across the board, all of our International partners want to accelerate their growth rate and they want access to more territory. So these are all positive signs, and I think being here in Asia this week demonstrates to all of us the untapped opportunity we have both in our retail business and in CPG. I want to go back to one other question that was asked by David Palmer with regard to coffee. I think it's more than -- I think it's quite interesting that during the downturn of the economy and how commodity costs and coffee costs were on the mind of all consumers that we introduced Tribute Blend, which is part of the Reserve program of Starbucks because it's premium-priced. And we are selling out of that coffee at an accelerated rate, only second to Christmas Blend. And that is on the heels of introducing Starbucks Reserve consistently over the past year in which every Reserve coffee we've introduced has maintained or exceeded our expectations. So I think one of the opportunities we have, both in-store and in CPG, is to segment the market. And we think we can actually go up in terms of quality in a unique blend. And the plans we have building up Tribute and the Reserve in terms of innovation on the coffee side for fiscal '12 will be quite exciting as we begin to not only leverage in-store and CPG, but also taking advantage of the ongoing success of Clover.
