Cliff Burrows: Yes, thanks Sara. La Boulange, we are seeing incredible excitement around the new product. It is showing up really well in store and we’ve achieved in the last nine months what we didn’t achieve in the previous 20 years around food. So the quality East coast, West coast, every market, we’re launching in we’re getting a real passion around it from our teams in stores and customer reaction is superb. That said, we’re still in the early days we’ve launched in 3.5000 stores. We will complete that rollout in the next 12 months and we will be able then to see that meaningful contribution is making. But wherever we launched it and particularly around the pastry, the croissant, the chocolate croissant we’re seeing a huge difference in experience, the customers are getting. We continue to refine the range. We continue to refine our operations in store, but it is elevated in a whole experience and it really is a testament to the investment we’ve made in La Boulange to help us grow a capability around food, I’m really excited for the future.
Cliff Burrows: Yes, thanks Michael. It's Cliff. In terms of what we're seeing on the La Boulange operation, it's obviously new. We're investing in La Boulange launch as we can share these fantastic new products with our customers and once we're through that launch phase it becomes part of our operation, it's not about adding labor, it's just being very deliberate and how we deploy our labor. The customers are already there and we're obviously trying to move the percentage of customers who buy our food on a regular basis, we're going to increase that. The opportunity is significant. We're already serving the customers. And give you an example. I was in New York which is one of those recent markets we launched those there last week. I was extremely plaintiff I saw in terms of customer engagement, the way the partners are embracing La Boulange routines and disciplines and the food and beverage were being served with great experience to the customer. As we do it in New York, we can do it in all our markets. So I think that's a great start for us. If we look at the lunch, we start in the same premise. A great ingredient building on the opportunity to serve existing customers who come into the stores. The lunch time, as Troy said, we're starting to see some growth in that earlier. I think the investments we're making in a combination, investments in tea will also both complement that lunch time occasion and give us time [indiscernible]. The food again will be starting from a fantastic ingredient relevant for our customers and will give them a fresh and healthy approach to food, really complement beverages we've done. The investments we made in supply chain supplies and the investments we made in our store so far will all help us with this food range. We've invested in [indiscernible] segment, a small test in San Francisco and it's around [indiscernible] it's around science, it's around convenience food for customers that are enjoying the store or take back to their office and it's been again extremely well received and we're extremely excited that we'll be able to follow on from the morning enhancement of our food with a lunch time offering which we think will be the start of a significant business around lunch.
Cliff Burrows: Let's start with [indiscernible] for the future of the company in the near term by having 30% greater loaded on the card versus a year ago and that 30% is almost three times greater than the growth rate of the company.
Troy Alstead: Sure. Let me speak to that Jeff. First of all, in terms of how we evaluate repurchases versus dividends, we’re committed as a company to return cash through both avenues. Dividends of course will be much more sustainable and routine and we’re very, very fortunate in our business to have healthy and consistent cash flow that has rapidly grown over time and which we anticipate will continue growing as we go forward. That’s given us confidence both to grow our dividend rate faster than our rate of earnings as we – as I announced today in terms of what our Board has approved, but also to give us flexibility over time to expand that payout ratio higher, which is also we announced today. Share repurchases are also important to us, but we will always be a bit more opportunistic as there are plenty of times when we as a company are blacked out of the market or updating our plan. So I would expect repurchases to over the course of any three or four, five quarter period of time to be a component of our cash return not unlike its been over the past few years. But there will always be quarters where it’s higher rather than lower and vice versa. In terms of debt levels, its -- I would suggest you that in our history we tended to be a bit underleveraged and we recognized some opportunity, particularly given where the market conditions have been over the past year to bring a little bit more debt under the balance sheet and to enhance our liquidity. So we’ve done that. That still leaves us, we believe with a very strong credit rating which we intend to maintain and capacity within that credit rating over time if opportunity warrants and market conditions warrant to bring on more debt. So let me be clear, we’ve no immediate plans to do anything more than that $750 million offering that we just placed.
Troy Alstead: Well, at times because our -- many of our peers buy shorter term than we do and frankly are chasing us often. So I would suggest trying to catch up with -- catch us with whatever pricing actions they can take. Sometimes we see those actions down the aisle. Frankly and perhaps even in competing coffee stores around the country. Frankly that tends to be less of a driver of our own action particularly in the stores as does, [ph] plus pricing to meet customer need. Now down the aisle it is much more competitive and reacting to that marketplace we took a price reduction earlier this year. We believe that positioned us very nicely and I would suggest that the Q4 results for our Channel Development business that we just released today underscore that we did the right thing with pricing action that we are now competing nicely again down the aisle. We're positioned well and we strongly believe not only by competing on price but on innovation, packaging, about the leadership we can bring down the aisle, all those things will contribute to our ability to continue to hold and grow share over time in all forms of consumption.
Troy Alstead: Yes. On margin first, Sharon, what I would say is that over time there were a few dynamics that happened as we grow our food business which we believe still continue to be a significant opportunity for us and we've been experiencing that as food has been a [indiscernible] driver of comp growth this year as you heard from us each quarter recently. With that said and you netted all the pushes and pulls of profit margin and distribution, the efficiencies we get in the back office, the weak management initiatives that we do from our stores, all those things in the long term we believe negate each other and we don't think that there will be meaningful movement whatsoever in gross margin. Yes, food is a moderately lower product gross margin than is beverage but remember as we sell more food to an existing system, it is extremely accretive to percent margins not just to mention dollar margins at the bottom line of the store and highly profitable for the store profitability and return of capital in that existing asset we have with our store systems. So the economics top to bottom are very, very good for us. In terms of food mix, food remains right around 19% of sales mix of our stores. There's some upper movement over that over time, but again huge base of business we have and I think that will be a slow and moderate progression reaching next toward 20 and we think ultimately a bit higher.
Troy Alstead: John, let me speak to comp growth and then I'm going to ask Cliff to come back to a bit more on La Boulange. The first thing to remind you and everyone is and of course you know this, John, but comp growth trends towards zero every year for everybody out there, every retailer, anybody who measures it. Everything we did over the past year to drive the fantastic and amazing comp growth because of the new system that we've done, beverage generation, food, contribution from loyalty, all those things now are in the baseline and as we move into this coming year just doing those things again would provide zero additional conflict. What we need to do and what we have great confidence in by the way is our ability to come up with that next level of beverage generation, the next fantastic food program, the elevation of food that continue the enhancements to consumer technology and to the loyalty program. But all those things need to be more and better than last year [indiscernible]. So comp growth can never be active. It starts over and we believe we had the ability to take what we've done in the past year and yet add to it in terms of traffic, volumes, in terms of dollar sales to our system. And by doing that we believe a mid single digit comp growth on a system, the size of our Starbucks and the maturity of Starbucks is nothing short of outstanding.
Troy Alstead: So John, just to say when we will be able to share the contribution La Boulange is giving us and quite frankly it will be after we’ve rolled out all markets and we’ve really what happens in the first year. We are going very quickly with the rollout. I am absolutely delighted about the fact we got to 3,500 stores by the end of the financial year. We’ll complete the rest of the stores and we’ve already said the stores company operated will be completed in FY ’14. We will also have the opportunity to bring a new food range to our Canadian business into our licensed stores, so we’re busy working on that. It is a new skill for us. It is a new discipline, we’ve been beverage led for a very long time and we will continue to work on the operational data. The fantastic thing is we can respond very quickly on recipes, on customer feedback and that is also part of this. So we’re in that learning phase, but I really am excited by way our partners and our customers are receiving the food. We have some great success stores. Really again, I just want to go through with the operational discipline we’ve brought to be Americas and make sure that when we share something with you, we can continue to build up that, but it's definitely complementing the experience for the customer, complementing the beverage purchase and our potential for the future is exceptionally strong with food. Thanks, John.
Troy Alstead: Yes, we do. I’m going to have Adam Brotman actually make a couple of comments about that. Adam is our Chief Digital Officer. He is here with us. Go ahead, Adam.
Troy Alstead: John, to your question about Starbucks card, at the end of the fourth quarter, so at the end of the fiscal year, the deferred revenue balance on our balance sheet and that deferred revenue balance especially the Starbucks card balances was $654 million. And by the way that's almost 30% growth over the same period a year ago, over the yearend 2012. And that 30% almost same growth in that balance on the balance sheet just reflects the continued tremendous uptake of Starbucks card of the adoption of loyalty of how mobile was contributing and how we're resonating with our customers in a way that is unique anywhere else in this space and by prepaying essentially a significant amount of transactions and having that sit in our balance sheet long before it turns into revenue.
Troy Alstead: Yes, Brian, I'm happy to do that. First I'd make sure when you look at the second quarter growth rate over prior year, that got an unusual non-routine gain from a gain on the sale of our [indiscernible] business from Q2 over a year ago. So it's important you do that adjustment.
Troy Alstead: Actually Brian, it's the range that we use 13% to 15%, so we will search for that mid teens EPS growth rate and then give me a moment, I'll explain what's going on. Our investment spending that we do throughout the year will vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and initiate to the second quarter. We are planning to spend a bit more in marketing just timing the spent throughout the year as we look at that quarter. We have a number of other routine investments that come and go from quarter to quarter the timing of which every year can move a little bit from here to there. So we put that guidance out there to-date but you have some more visibility and transparency into how we're planning the year and how we see the earnings progression. With that said there will be some quarters that are more like mid teens and there will be some quarters as we have delivered over this past year that will tip for the higher part of that range and that's why we have an earnings range out there that I would have you think about as we go forward.
Howard Schultz: Troy, let me add one more thing. It seems like we can't get through our conference call without somehow this tension between us and you with regarding to comp growth guidance. But let's just try and establish common language so there's an understanding about what it is we're trying to do and what it is we're trying to guide. Last quarter we had a 9% comp in the U.S. business and I had said then as I think we're trying to say now that was an 8% comp this quarter and it would be just irresponsible of any of us at Starbucks to project to you or guide you to that level. Now, do we have aspirations to try and do it again as we did this year? Absolutely. Do we think we can? Many of us think we can but we're not going to sit here and put a number out there that is such a stretch target and have you put it in your model. And then we come up with a 6 or 7 which gets our peer group as stunning and incredible and then you write reports that says we've disappointed. That's not going to happen. So the guidance we're giving is the most responsible guidance we could possible provide you especially when you consider the maturation of our store base and the number of stores. Now one other thing. What La Boulange is providing us well beyond the morning pastries and the lunch is a significant platform to go after need states and dayparts well into the future. And what we've learned over the years is that our stores now provide a third place well beyond the morning daypart which was our core business just five, six years ago. The opportunity to expand Starbucks significantly in the future with the innovations that we've talked about in our prepared remarks and the food is well beyond what we are today. But I think we've always tried not to provide aspirations and guidance that was so far out field from reality and provide you with an opportunity with real numbers and I think not to allow any of us to get so far ahead of us of this specially when we have a situation in the U.S. whether it's quite a bit of uncertainty in terms of customer confidence, consumer confidence and consumer behavior that relates to the government shutdown and what can happen in February, well once again we’re looking at a possible to fall. So this is the most responsible thing we can do on the heels of a record year in our 42-year history a record quarter and a comp number that no one, no other company in our peer group, well no other company that any of you analyze has put up against us. So this is a remarkable opportunity for us to have a yearend result and once again try and provide a comp number that we think is responsible, and I think the most judicious thing we can possible do.
Howard Schultz: John, I think that's a very important and appropriate question and if you were in many of our meetings during this year as we prepare for fiscal '14, that was much of the conversation. We want to do one thing and one thing well and that is whatever we bring into the store we want it to be enhancing to the customer experience and complementary to our leadership position in coffee. Having said that I think the last two years of our stores that we've opened couple with the comp number demonstrates the significant health and strength and I say unequivocally the U.S. business has never been stronger or healthier than it is today in terms of financial results and the equity of brand and the experience. We feel very good that we have prepared our stores and if you go through them, Evolution juice when we brought into the store as we replaced an existing used product and enhanced the quality and hence the experience. Teavana tea that we're going to bring in at some point in calendar '14, we're already in the tea business. The tea represents less than 1% of our sales and we believe we can significantly expand that and in doing so create significant awareness and trial and use our [indiscernible] to drive new traffic and incrementality to Teavana stores. When we get to La Boulange we been selling food for 30 years, it just haven't been as good as our coffee. Now our food is as good as our coffee as we have a story to tell and we're going to tell that story in multiple dayparts and fulfill multiple needs states. Carbonation, that is a new category for us. The test results in Austin and Atlanta and in Japan and Singapore are very encouraging. We think there's a significant opportunity and again, we learned a lot over the last few years with our refreshment category that we have other than coffee and the opportunity in coffee, we have an opportunity to provide a need state in the afternoon and evening around refreshment. And also we've learned in the carbonation test itself that there's a significant food attachment to the carbonation beverages. So this works hand in hand with our opportunity and I think we're going to create more incrementality. I think Cliff and his team have done a wonderful job in not taking the entire country at once with any of these initiatives but sequentially going from market to market and learning from it and not leaving one market to go to the other until we have it right and that's why La Boulange has worked so successfully. That's exactly what we're going to do with all these initiatives as we did with Evolution juice. So the short answer is it's an appropriate question. We learned valuable lessons in 2006 and 2007. Those lessons have been learned and they will never ever be repeated. And we're in a position right now we're playing to our strength and we're going to continue to do that and leverage the fact that our stores are a meeting place and a gathering place for multiple dayparts well beyond the core coffee business that we began 42 years ago but we're always going to be the primary destination to the world's best coffee.
Howard Schultz: Brian, what we can say is that we expect resolution of that to hear from our trader before the end of the calendar year. Naturally our only news for today is that we expect that to be sometime before the end of this calendar year.
Howard Schultz: And you're right on your earlier points. Our cash flow was phenomenally strong in the year and I think that's very, very reflective of our strong performance in the fourth quarter and for the full fiscal year and that consistently of strength of cash flow and the phenomenal strength of our balance sheet and the amount of cash we have sitting in the balance sheet both give me tremendous comfort that we have adequate liquidity to cover whatever the answer may be coming out of that arbitration and also gives us tremendous possibility as we look for the future and we make investments into our business and renovations and store development and gives us stability of elevating cash return to shareholders.
Howard Schultz: I would just add one thing that is in the sense what we're establishing is the Starbucks currency and that currency can be interchanged between Starbucks and Teavana stores and the stars the currency of the stars can now be leveraged across consumer products that are unparallel because its no other consumer product that has a retail store that can provide our customers with a reward and an incentive to come back and forth and this is just the beginning of us being able to thread these multiple channels of distributions and brands so that the customer has significant value in supporting and shopping at Starbucks Teavana and Starbucks consumer products.
