Cliff Burrows: Thanks for the question. It's Cliff here. The reason I said encouraging, we are in 150 stores with any track record and we've been working live with this in refining the products as we've gone along. We are now in a meaningful 439 stores, so it will be much more meaningful when we report the next quarter and the coming quarters. I am firstly encouraged by the pride our partners in the stores have in sharing and serving and enjoying this food, the reaction of the customers, especially to the lemonades, things of the croissant, (indiscernible) and Almond Croissant which are the signature products of La Boulange. With any change, it takes time for people, customers to get used to new products, ourselves to get confident with those products and obviously we’ve got a new routine with warming in stores. I’m encouraged by the progress we’re making. I’m encouraged by the reaction, and again as I said I look forward to sharing more of that in the coming quarters.
Cliff Burrows: Greg, we won't speak specific about April at all. What we can say with confidence is the great strength that we came through the first quarter, the holiday period that we've reported on previously as you know and then as we progressed through this quarter with a backdrop of, as you know, very choppy and mixed results broadly in the retail environment and with many other retail companies, we produced very steady, healthy strong growth and traffic growth and in same-store sales growth in the U.S. and consistent ability to leverage that strong top line into profit growth at the bottom. So no specific comments about April, but we exited Q2 in a very healthy place and that's given us confidence in terms of the low momentum combined with the pipeline of what's to come in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, the lineup of innovation across all channels encourages us that leads to our confidence in the momentum and that leads to our ability to speak with such confidence about the back half of the year.
Cliff Burrows: Thanks, Mitch, for the question. Firstly, we are seeing strong continued growth from food. And that has been the case now from the past 12 months. So really reporting a very strong growth in food in the U.S. Obviously, overall, it's a balance between food and beverage which is really important to us. On the margin, I think the – we're getting healthy margins out of our food. The opportunity here is if we can increase (indiscernible), which historically has been one in three transactions, vacancy is a big opportunity. The other side is it increases the relevance of Starbucks as a place for people to come to whether it's food on the way to work or indeed for their lunch. So we see that continuing and we'll support increased beverage sales throughout the dayparts as well. So that is part of our strategy on food. If I talk about the health and wellness as it relates to new bakery products, the fantastic thing with those new bakery products is they are all natural ingredients while we're taking out any non-artificial ingredients, we use natural sweetening. That's where we can reduce sugar. So when there is buffering there, finest ingredients, calories are managed both by the balance of those ingredients plus portion size. So that is a good part of it and health and wellness remains an important part of our strategy going forward. And you'll see in the coming months that we'll supplement a lot of launch products with other products which will give that balance. It's important to us for both food and for better customer choice and in all parts of our range of beverage and food to give healthy options.
Howard Schultz: Thanks John. We’re raising because first of all we’re half way through the year. So we now have half the year in the bank, we’ve been able to see two quarters worth of great top-line growth and great earnings growth, and that gives us increased confidence in our expectations for the balance of the year. I’d also point out that we’re just that much closer now to new products that will launch as we move to the balance of the year; how the seasons are trending; our ability to drive flow through on incremental sales. All of that now half way through the year has just increased in confidence and allows us to increase our guidance for the balance of the year and for the full-year. Specifically to your second part of your question; yes the all year-to-date results are reflected in that full-year guidance so that $0.03 of the Mexico gain is included in that new 212 to 218 range that we put out there today. And that is reported in the interest income and other expense, so you need to look at the consolidated P&L and you’ll see a year-over-year change there. There’s a number I think going on in that category but there’s a big driver of this Mexico gain that shows up in that line.
Howard Schultz: Jeff, maybe you can also say, the benefit we have about the stores within all of these stores, 1000’s of licenses.
Howard Schultz: Greg, I'll add one other thing. I think it's hard to perhaps really get underneath what's going on with social and digital media, the loyalty card and mobile. What I can tell you though is that we as a company have cracked the code on being able to leverage those platforms in a number of ways. To create awareness in trial of new customers who are not in the Starbucks franchise, to lower our cost of customer acquisition as a result of the fact that we're using these channels as opposed to conventional advertising. And then thirdly, we can analyze with great specificity that the loyalty and the stars that now will be leverage on to the CPG channel is significantly relevant to our core customers. When you combine that with what we've been able to do during peak periods in terms of efficiency and productivity plus creating new need stakes for customers in dayparts that in the previous years we have not been as busy as Troy said, gives us great confidence that the 7% comps that we sold in the first quarter and second quarter is stunning accomplishments when you look at the backdrop of the economy and what other people are reporting, especially given the environment we are in. So, I would say that the ecosystem that Jeff talked about and what we're going to be able to do with these programs going forward gives us the optimism that we are in very good shape for the balance of the year.
Howard Schultz: It's true that the success that we enjoyed with LivingSocial coupled with the learnings that we had in terms of analyzing it, gave us great confidence that during the right time of the year there was an opportunity to do this again. I think the Starbucks brand and the frequency and the relevancy of the Starbucks experience puts us in the unique position to leverage these kinds of opportunities versus a traditional retailer or restaurant. I think you're exactly right, the momentum in this quarter there was no specific need to be a catalyst, but we felt there's no reason to embrace the status quo. We learnt a great deal from LivingSocial, so we had planned to do it again. I think that Starbucks is in a unique position in that we are a super-premium brand. You don't have to go to Starbucks as a discretionary purchase, but at the same time we've been able to find ways to provide a value proposition throughout the menu system and take advantage of these kinds of offers. When you couple that with the incrementality that we have gotten from our rewards program, we have a new level of analytics that we feel is a significant competitive advantage going forward domestically and internationally, and we're now going to apply that to other channels of distributions specifically the grocery. And I want to go back to one question that was asked earlier about, is in fact the other channels going to be as large as we've said in the past? And no one on this call should doubt whatsoever the commitment we have and the ambition for the multiple channels of distribution to live outside of our stores that will rival the scale of the U.S. business. We have an opportunity as we've demonstrated with VIA, as we've demonstrated with Evolution to introduce products in our stores, create the brand and then draft off that into the grocery channel. These are early, early days but the evidence that we have about what I've just described, coupled with this new level of analytics and the benefit from these loyalty programs gives us great confidence that we have the tools, the resources and the multiple channels of distribution that no other consumer brand or retailer has to do things that have not been done before. And this loyalty program that we're going to launch into CPG is a significant idea both for the consumer and I also should say for the trade that we have been in close contact with. And I'm stunned that no one has asked the question about the CPG opportunity in China. Did you not hear what I said? We are looking at the opportunity to take the CPG business into the largest growing market into the world leveraging the equity of the brand and our 1,000-store retail footprint in China.
Howard Schultz: I think the type of distribution that we'll ultimately have in Mainland China will be different than the core distribution we have in the U.S. That channel does not have the nationwide grocery businesses. However, the demand for Starbucks coffee and coffee products that we've had from customers and from people interested on the trade side has been growing. And so we believe very strongly that we can take advantage of that. And when we look at products like Bottled Frappuccino and the success of Blended Frappuccino in China, which has been a significant opportunity for us, we think we can leverage Bottled Frappuccino in the same context that we’ve done in the U.S. which is a $1 billion brand. So, this is a big long-term idea and it’s built off the unique trust and confidence and the relevancy of the Starbucks retail brand in China. And for any of you who have been to Mainland China, you’ve seen that the people who are going into our stores in now over 70 cities in China are Chinese nationals who are using our stores in the same way that Starbucks customers have for years in the U.S. They’re drinking Starbucks coffee, they’re drinking espresso beverages and they’re using our stores as an extension of home and work.
Howard Schultz: And, Mitch, I'd like to just underscore Cliff's point about margins. While food has a lower gross margin than does our beverage platform, on a net margin level, so at the store level, food is actually additive to margin we would expect over time. And the reason for that is if we're selling incremental food and as we will be increasingly successful, we believe that increasing mix of food in our stores, the rent is already paid, the lights are on, staff is in place, our partners are in the stores, so we have an opportunity to very incrementally, perhaps see that impact of gross margin very moderately, but I would expect it to be neutral to most likely positive to margin at the store level.
Jeff Hansberry: Hi, Keith its Jeff Hansberry. We’re very excited about bringing My Starbucks Rewards down the isle. And to your very point, today we’ve got about 6 million My Starbucks Rewards customers. As we extend the program into channels we’ll be able to reach an audience and make My Starbucks Rewards available and create awareness for the program to an audience that is 10 times larger than our current My Starbucks Rewards audience. The way we’ll bring that to live is, in the store there will be point of sale material and there will be material on each and every package of roast and ground coffee to create rapid awareness with both our loyal customers and with new customers as they become aware of the program. We will thread MSR trough everything we do in channels and will become an integral part of every promotion that we run going forward. So, we have great expectations in how it will transform the way our customers experience the brand and their loyalty to the brand.
Jeff Hansberry: Yes, yes. Thanks, Howard. So, we’ve got over 3000 license stores that sit within some of the best grocery and mass merchant real estate in the U.S. What that allows us to do is to create an ecosystem within the store where our customers have the opportunity to buy hand-crafted Starbucks beverages and also their packed coffee needs down the isle. And as Howard, mentioned in his comments; every time you buy a Starbucks roast and ground coffee you’ll earn My Starbucks Rewards stars that can be redeemed for Starbucks food or Starbucks drinks. And now with those 3000 stores in the best grocery stores around the U.S. that makes it more relevant, it helps to thread it through or blueprint for growth more easily.
Jeff Hansberry: Hi, Sara, it's Jeff Hansberry again. We remain very confident in the future of channel development. Q2 was a challenging quarter. In that we saw both a slowing in the roast and ground business overall combined with a lot of competitive activity on our largest segment, roast and ground. That said, we feel strongly that we have the right mix of value and promotion and merchandising and loyalty activity to reignite growth in our roast and ground business with the list price reduction that we announced this month that will take effect in May with the activation of the My Starbucks Rewards program with some new additional innovation that will be hitting the market in Q3 and Q4 to include a 40% increase in the number of SKUs of K-Cups across the Tazo Tea brand as well as the Starbucks Coffee brand, additional innovation hitting the market in VIA as well as our ready-to-drink portfolio with Starbucks Iced Coffee and some other new innovations that will come later in this year. So we remain very optimistic. And layered on top of what we're seeing in the U.S. business, we continue to be in the nascent stages of our international expansion. I think I've shared previously that today the channel business only operates in about 20 of the 62 countries where Starbucks has retail operations and we're working aggressively toward expanding beyond the U.S. with our CPG portfolio.
Troy Alstead: Sure Jeff. I think the first thing I mentioned is where you ended which is we are awaiting resolution of our dispute with Kraft and as we come through that, which we now expect for sometime in the second half of this fiscal year, that will bring clarity to allow us to then formulate a little bit more specifically our go-forward plans. But I will say that we are very committed to sustainable dividends and growing the dividends through two metrics. One is by at earnings grow over time, the payout ratio where we have been paying since initiation at 35% to 40% payout ratio; I would expect to grow dividends just as earnings growth. But I would also expect to look at that range over time, not immediately but we are well aware of whether as an industry payout and I would anticipate at elevating that payout ratio at the appropriate time, which I think the strength of our cash flow in the business. Similarly with share repurchases, we are committed to a balance of dividends and repurchases. Of course repurchases are much more opportunistic, but we’re committed to the program and our Board has authorized continued opportunities for us to being more active in the open markets, so we will take advantage of that as we believe market conditions exist for that. Now with respect to, Jeff what I will tell you is, I’m looking closely at debt on our balance sheet and while we certainly have very, very strong cash flow position, we do recognize that we got opportunities to optimize that balance sheet and bring some additional debt on to leverage over time. And I’m well aware of where the market conditions are today and again looking very closely, we had nothing to announce today, but its definitely something close thing on the radar screen.
Troy Alstead: Yeah, John. Specifically we had on the balance sheet at the end of March, at the end of the second quarter, deferred revenue on the P&L is $668 million. That largely reflects Starbucks card balances as it does in each quarter. And our overall loads during the quarter were 32% higher than the same period time last year. So a couple of metrics that I think tell you two things. One is, the huge up tick in Starbucks card in all forms. Mobile, physical card in a loyalty program in the holiday period very profoundly came through our business in the second quarter. Card overall added roughly two percentage points of the comp growth during the second quarter, very powerful for us and not unlike what we’ve seen over the past couple of years that that program has built tremendously. I think as encouraging as anything is the fact that in the second quarter not only will we benefit from that big holiday slew of cards that came back into the stores. We also though turned new card users into loyalty program members that now allows us to connect with there much more meaningfully, and we believe gives us trajectory even more significantly into Q3 and Q4. So the card was very important to us in the quarter. Now specific to your question about coffee cost. We have now purchased a little bit more than or priced -- a little bit more than half of our coffee needs for fiscal ’14. We have been doing some incremental buying given current market conditions. So we have got about half -- a little bit more than half of our needs locked up for ’14 and given what we’ve locked as well as visibility we have in the market conditions and how we might price the balance of the year, we expect that as I’ve told you before about $100 million of commodity tailwind we would expect to come through the P&L in fiscal ’14. That’s the year-over-year benefit in fiscal ’14. Now we’re not meaningfully priced at all in the fiscal ’15 yet, but I would just point out that given where the market has been trading and where we believe it will go from here, we’ve got opportunity in fiscal ’15 to experience another year-over-year commodity tailwind. Not a specific number yet, but it could be a meaningful tailwind coming our way again in fiscal ’15.
Troy Alstead: I will try and answer that Mike. What we are trying to come by was that we were seeing incrementality in terms of the afternoon daypart from cardholders and also we are seeing an increase in their purchasing of the indulgent beverages. We were not making and I certainly didn't intend to make any inference about the changing habits of customers who pay by other means and they remain a – the majority of our customers and they remain very consistent in their habits.
John Culver: Well, there is no doubt that we got a boost from the sale of Starbucks holiday cards, following the holiday season. But the one thing that has happened over the course of time is that the velocity of Starbucks card sales are much more significant in the off peak holiday season than ever before, coupled with the fact that we now have a significant spike in other smaller holidays, Mothers Day, Fathers Day, Graduation, Birthdays and Gift giving. So the card itself is growing at over 30% and we expect that we continue and we just – we’re just getting started with it. I think Troy is going to give you the answer to the other question.
John Culver: Joe, this is John Culver. With regards to the operating income and the impact that we saw when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, there are really three things. First was, the portfolio mix shift that [Technical Difficulty] fact that more and more of our growth is coming from our company-operated markets, and in particular China. So, in the quarter, as Troy mentioned, we grew store count 35% on a year-over-year basis. The second big item that hit us was this non-routine income and Troy quoted that at $6.7 million. That was the joint venture income that we took last year in the quarter…
John Culver: Yeah. So, with regards to the operating income and what we saw in the quarter, there are really three factors playing into it. First, with the portfolio mix shift and the fact that more and more of our growth is coming from our company-owned markets. The second big piece was the investment that we continue to make in accelerating new store growth. And as Troy shared with you, we grew our new store base over 35% on the year-over-year basis. At the same time while we make those investments, we continue to see very strong returns from a sale to investment ratio. And those metrics continue to exceed our expectations. And then the last big item, which was a non-routine item, was some joint venture income that we have to lap over from last year. It was an accounting adjustment that took place last year. It was a $6.7 million accounting adjustment in the quarter and that was the other big non-routine item that we had to lap over for the year.
