Rachel Ruggeri: Yes, thank you for the question. What I would say is, when we look at our margin that we're guiding for this year and we think about where we're headed to next year, as you know, there are over 640 basis points of dilution to our margin this year given the investments we're making, as well as some of the inflationary headwinds and changes as outlined in my prepared remarks.  We're going to work this year to offset the majority of that through pricing, through sales leverage, through productivity and other efficiency measures. As we move into FY’23, we'll continue those efforts, and that's going to allow us to return back to the 18% to 19% margin that we guided for the long term.  We feel confident in that given that our growth at scale agenda and our focus on pipeline of innovation, our ability to continue to grow our digital customer membership, and our ability to continue to accelerate the service experience through new stores and through the experience for creating in-stores, coupled with productivity and efficiency throughout our global network is really what allows us to continue on that path towards 18% to 19% margins in line with our long-term guidance.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. And to the second part, Andrew, what I would say is generally -- we're looking at about approximately 1% impact to EPS from the share repurchases, which is in line with our long-term guidance, slightly elevated this year just given that this year’s repurchases will be a little bit higher than '23 and '24, given the impact of the proceeds from Korea but approximately 1% and that's provided in our guidance.
Rachel Ruggeri: Thank you. I will start with the perspective in terms of how we think about it within our guidance then I'll turn it over to John. He can speak more to the specifics. From a guidance stand point, as I talked about my prepared remarks, about 200 basis points of margin dilution related to a combination of the supply chain pressures, [Indiscernible] related to the supply chain pressures as well as our government subsidies from prior year investments. When we look at the past quarter Q4, we had about a 90-basis point impact from inflationary pressures across the globe.  And with the combination of logistics, labor, as well as commodities as we move into Q1 and Q2, we would expect that to increase, and then they'll start to settle in Q3 and Q4. But we've included it as part of our guidance throughout the year because you really don't know when these are going -- when these inflationary pressures will subside. In that point we've got some plans in this year. Of course, they could increase.  We don't know what's going to happen, but we feel confident we've got a reset-approach based on what we've seen in Q3 and Q4 this year, and we've accounted for that into next year. But it does impact us more meaningfully in Q1 and Q2 than what we would have originally thought. And then again settled in Q3 and Q4 from a margin perspective. And so, with that, I will turn it over to John for specifics.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure, and Jon, what I would say is if you look at our non-GAAP EPS for FY21, the $3.24, from a baseline perspective, we're removing the additional week, so that's about $0.10. In addition to that, we have a change in our treatment of some non-GAAP reporting for purposes of integration costs related to acquisitions, that's another $0.04. So that combination of the $0.14 is what we're reducing this year's non-GAAP EPS of $3.24 down to an adjusted FY21 non-GAAP EPS of $3.10. And then we're encouraging a growth rate off of that baseline of at least 10%.  And again that 10% is, given the dynamic operating environment that we're in, this unprecedent level of investments that we're taking. as well as the pressures we still see related to the supply chain and the inflationary pressures, as well as the pressures we're seeing from the COVID vaccine -- from the COVID environment. We think the combination of that and the dynamic environment we're in and that at least 10% growth reflects a lot of confidence and optimism for where we're headed, even though it's quite a challenging environment ahead.
Kevin Johnson: And David, this is Kevin. Let me just add to Rachel's comments. The strategic investment we're making in wage, here’s how to think about it. First, our Q4 and FY21 revenue results demonstrate that we are growing faster than the coffee addressable market as estimated by Euromonitor. We are taking market share.  Then if you look at consumer mobility, it's going to continue to increase, and we want to recruit and retain the very best talent for our stores. The most important investment we can make is in our Green Apron partners. We know this to be true because it has been proven time and time again throughout our 50-year history that when we take care of our partners, they’re always right to the occasion and create that unique Starbucks experience for our customers. Clearly, from my perspective, this investment in our partners is not only the right thing to do for them, it's also the right thing to do for all stakeholders, including our shareholders. We are on the front foot right now and we have this opportunity to accelerate by investing into the growth curve.  This means with this investment, we predict higher market share gains as consumers return to our stores, and these share gains will be permanent, and these share gains will create long-term shareholder value. If you think about it and you modeled it, those permanent gains, we know we get operating leverage as we get more customers. So, if you just take the share gains and you run the spreadsheets on operating leverage, that is what's going to create -- this is actually going to increase the terminal value calculation for Starbucks.  And we're so confident in this strategy in this investment, that's why we're committing this $20 billion return to shareholders over the next 3 years. So, this is all about leaning into the growth, taking market share that's going to be permanent, and the benefit that that market share is going to create significantly more shareholder value than we would have created without the investment, and we are so confident with $20 billion returned to shareholders in dividends and buybacks. That's how I think about it, and that's how I think every shareholder ought to think about this investment.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, Andrew, I will take the first part of your question then I'll hand it to Rachel. Look, with COVID cases, in this case, the Delta variant, it creates this variability in consumer behavior. So, as you saw in the U.S., more government restrictions, and many of these were done state by state and city by city, that we had to respond to. That, I think was the impact in August, and as we responded to those and certainly as I think consumers start to see the Delta variant curve starting to slow, consumer mobility unfolds.  So, these are all transitory and they are unpredictable, it is all related to the pandemic. So, the acceleration that we saw in both the U.S. and China are the exact same reason. It is just the variable of dealing with a global pandemic, and when these Delta variants and these other things pop up, it does have some impact on consumer mobility, but the one thing we know for sure, absolutely we see it in every market around the world, that as the spread of COVID gets under control as market-by-market, customers return to our stores immediately.  That's why this investment in wage and ensuring we staff our stores with the very best, most talented Green Apron partners we can is so important. This is the right time to make that investment, and we're confident that that investment is going to return significant value to shareholders. Rachel, do you want to take the second part of the question.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Sara. For your first question on China, Leo's joining us on the call from Shanghai. So, Leo, why don't I hand the question over to you.
Kevin Johnson: Thank you. Thank you, Leo. Let me -- Sara, let me take the second half of your question, back half of your question regarding this investment. I just want to start by just sort of looking back at some of the strategic investments that we made through this pandemic, starting with the decision we took in March of 2020 to give our partners economic certainty and pay them with no laughs, no furloughs, pay them while we closed all of our stores in the U.S, and should have kept drive - throughs open.  That was a big strategic decision and we made that decision certainly staying true to our mission values and taking care of our partners, but we also knew that as this pandemic begin s to ease and the recovery came back, our partners would be there, and they were. And so why do you think we drove a faster recovery than people expected? Why did we drive a faster recovery than others in the industry? Answer, because we had the courage to make that strategic bet at that time in March of 2020. Then in June of 2020, we made the strategic decision to transform the trade area portfolio or the store portfolio in the U.S.  We basically repositioned nearly 600 stores to reposition them to better serve our customers and to give us better economics and to elevate the customer experience. That strategic decision, we had the courage to make that and that strategic decision today is giving us margin expansion, unelevated customer experience, and that too is contributing to our recovery. I think about this decision on this wage investment the very same way we have in the past.  We're going to stay true to our mission values and we know, we know for certain because we've seen it time and time again, that when we invest in our partners, they rise to the occasion. And we also know the pandemic is transitory. We know vaccines work. We know that when we see markets, as governments just reduce restrictions, customers are back into our stores.  So, this is an opportunity for us to move now. We can't wait. This is the time to take that market share that we know we can take, and that market share gain is permanent. That market share gain will build long-term customer engagement, long-term customer loyalty, and that market share gain will also drive operating leverage in our stores. In addition to that, we also know that we have a combination of in-store productivity innovation that's going to help offset that.  We also have pricing power, and we're very thoughtful about how we take price. But we're taking price, and we will continue to take price in an inflationary environment. So, we just believe this is the absolute right thing to do at this moment in time, and this investment, like the other two that I just described, will return value to shareholders. Because of that, that's why we re-enforce our confidence with this $20 billion return to shareholders in the form of repurchases and buybacks. Thanks for your question.
Kevin Johnson: Okay. Let me have -- I'll have Rachel's comment is going to -- I want John Colbert to give you sort of perspective on where we're at the supply chain. Rachel.
Kevin Johnson: Since you raised coffee, John were 14 months price locked on coffee with several months of inventory in the warehouse. So, we're -- there's not a risk on top.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. And if you think the question, I think clearly our growth at scale agenda identified as U.S. and China is our two lead markets and we're very happy with that agenda. I think China still has a significantly long runway of growth and you see this continue to expand and accelerate the number of new stores we're building in market that we all highlighted.  And so, we're very bullish on the long-term in China. U.S. continues to -- the cost growth that we're seeing and the opportunities we see to continue to grow the U.S. in terms of new stores and comp growth. Still very, very bullish on that as well. As we said, in December 2020, we're always evaluating markets and you saw that the Korea joint venture, we did sell our 50% stake to a long-term licensed partner and they -- who's been operating that market and will continue to operate that market.  We're always evaluating that. We're happy with where we are today. And I guess that's how -- that's what we said. When I think about U.S. and China, our two lead growth markets, I think we're very happy with where we are today, and we see long-term growth ahead of both of those markets.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you. And now before we close, today's call, I want to take this opportunity to welcome Tiffany Willis to Starbucks as our new Vice President of Investor Relations. And I also want to congratulate Greg Smith on his new role, Leading Finance for our international channels business.  Tiffany brings great experience in Finance and IR for multiple industries including food and beverage, consumer products, and technology, and we look forward to introducing her to our investment community as she begins her journey to Starbucks with us. So, Tiffany, welcome. I also want to reiterate for all of you that consumer demand is strong. And this moment in time is an inflection point. It's an opportunity for Starbucks to invest ahead of the growth curve, and deliver long-term gains for all stakeholders.  I think with the strategic actions that we've made; we are well-positioned to grow share of customer occasions and dramatically strengthen engagement and loyalty for long-term sustainable growth. And with that, we look forward to walking all of you to our stores this holiday season, so that you can enjoy your seasonal favorites. And with that, have a great evening. Thanks, everybody.
John Culver: Yes, John, we're seeing -- obviously, a record number of customers coming back into our stores and that's signaled by the significant transaction growth we saw at quarter-over-quarter at plus 18%. What we're seeing from a behavior standpoint are very similar behaviors from customers as we've had in prior quarters and pre-Covid. So, routines are beginning to normalize.  I think it speaks to a little about around what Kevin said that as people become more mobile and particularly as we launched our fall campaign, normal routines entered with kids going back to school. Our peak hours have returned to pre - COVID behavior. They started in Q3 and it continued into Q4, morning daypart, very strong growth on a year-over-year basis, as well as midday, and then into the afternoon.  We're seeing a very high beverage and food attach, and really a shift to cold beverages that we talked about on the last earnings call. Cold beverages actually accountable for 75% of our beverage sales in the quarter, but food equally was strong, we're up 35%, espresso was up 34%, and we are seeing larger tickets come through as well.  So, when you look at it from a store standpoint, we're very pleased with what the performance has been, first in the rural and suburban areas where our drive - thus are most common and which helped carry us through the COVID period and over the last 18 months, were very strong and they continue to show strong performance. Our urban stores have reached recovered status, and we're very encouraged by that.  And then from a central business district, recovery has been slower, but it continues for the second quarter in a row. Central business district is returned to a positive comp performance as well. And then the last thing I would just leave you with is what we're seeing on the convenience aspect of Starbucks. And in particular, the growth of drive-thru and the growth of MOP. And we've done a lot of this during the Trade Area Transformation work we did around the stores.  Today, drive-thru and MOP accounted for 70% of transactions, which is up 15% versus pre -pandemic levels. So, we're very encouraged with the momentum that we've been able to build. And then obviously with the investments that we're making in our people, from a wage perspective, we expect to continue to increase staffing levels, continue to increase the training for our partners, and we are very, very well positioned for a very strong holiday season.
John Culver: What I'd say, Sharon, is a couple of things. Obviously, like all other retailers, we're navigating a very complex and unprecedented environment. And, yes, we have seen some staffing challenges in certain parts of the country but I think from the results we've been able to deliver. It demonstrates our ability to navigate through these challenges, whether it be staffing, whether it be any of the supply chain challenges, or any of the inflationary pressures.  When you look at it, one of the things that we've done during this time as we've looked at adjusting the staffing levels and how do we manage through this, is we've also acted to adjust store operating hours and when I say that we've really looked at the evening day-part and pull that back from an hour’s perspective. And that has enabled us to redeploy staffing into other stores where we need it.  So, we're continuing to do that. In terms of your question around attrition. We are over the last year, we have approximately 70% of our hourly partners are new to Starbucks and we continue to make investments in them from a training standpoint, as we announced yesterday for all our partners. In addition, we've made investments now and we announced this yesterday around recruiting and adding recruiters -- more recruiters into the regions to really focus and find, and attract new talent.  And then also at the same time, we continue to work very closely with our partners to understand how we can continue to make them effective, as well as reduced complexity in the store. And complexity is a big thing for us, a big focus. And then that we're looking at two things. Number one is driving automation in the stores. We've driven automated ordering for food and merchandise that will be fully rolled out across all of our U.S. Company-owned stores by the middle of this quarter.  And then in addition, we continue to make investments in equipment. And from an equipment standpoint, whether it's a strainer, whether it's our warming ovens, or whether it's our cold brew system, all these equipment investments also make our partners more effective in free up time for them as they do their task.  So, a lot of work going on. I'm very proud of the way in which our partners have navigated over the course of the last year in particular, and as we've experienced some of these challenges, and we feel as though we are in a very good spot in managing through this, and we will continue to make investments in this area. It's an area we're watching very closely.
John Culver: Yeah, John, just really quick. On the inflationary impacts from a supply chain standpoint, we are seeing impacts, and that's evidenced by some of the inventory levels in our stores, but I feel very good about the way in which we've been able to navigate it.  Those supply impacts began in mid - fiscal '21 and we would expect that they will continue into this coming year. All right? And what we're seeing is headwinds on commodity pricing, challenges around transportation, and also the ability for our distributors and manufacturers to find labor to work in their factories and distribution centers.  A couple of things that we've done with the team is, number 1, we've worked very closely to add new manufacturing and supply partners across our critical categories. And that is a dividend for us and we're seeing inventory ease in those categories, i.e., old milk, breakfast sandwiches, egg bites et cetera. Whereas building throughput, and production capacity, we have suppliers adding new lines so that they can increase their safety stock. We've worked with suppliers to invest in wage for their workers, and many of them have done so.  And the last thing I would say that what we've done, is we've really focused our production effort on high volume items. In some of those lower volume items, we pull back on and deprioritize. So, all that work and the actions that we've taken, we started early on as we began to see these challenges, we've addressed some. We're not out of the woods yet, but we feel very good about the path that we're on. And as Kevin highlighted, we're very confident that as we head into holiday, our inventory position is very strong.  And we'll continue to watch this very closely and we'll continue to work with our supply network to ensure we've got an adequate supply of products in our stores. And then the last thing I would say is that clearly like other retailers, we're seeing customers come back into our stores at record levels. And the strength of our business is very strong. So, we're very encouraged around the progress that we're making and the growth opportunities that we see going forward.
