Howard S. Schultz: Well, I certainly was – I was expecting that call, John, but not right out of the gate. So let's just kind of walk through this together. Throughout the calendar and fiscal year, we saw an acceleration of traffic and comp store sales. And I think if you go back a year ago, we were at 5% and 1%. And if you look at 9% and 4% in the U.S. and what we've done sequentially throughout the year and you couple that with the inherent momentum and attachment that we're seeing from mobile payment, Mobile Order & Pay, and specifically the integration, as Kevin talked about, and the attachment of loyalty, we have enough visibility in the business to be transparent with you that we believe that we're going to see some incrementality in our overall comp. And I think just like I've said in the years past, we want to be very straightforward and try and under promise and over deliver. I think we're at the inverse here, and we just feel that it's important to be straightforward and tell you that we think our comps, although it's really an anomaly in this market, is going to be somewhat greater than what we've had this calendar year and fiscal 2015. I would not jump to conclusion and say it's going to be significantly greater. But we have enough visibility and I think significant attachment and response from our customers based on in-store execution, the investments we've made in our partners, as Scott has really articulated, has had a significant effect on our relationship with our customers and all of these things are laddering up to a performance. I mean, when we saw the quarter head towards 9% comps in the U.S., given where all of U.S. retail is, where the economy is, where bricks and mortar has gone, the change in – seismic change in consumer behavior and everyone else in our peer group, not only is it a stunning number, but it's a number that does not exist anywhere in the world at our scale, at our complexity. And we think we're going to do better than the mid-single-digit guidance that we've given you the last few years, and we thought it was responsible to share that with you.
Howard S. Schultz: Well, I think the equity of the Starbucks brand throughout our public life has been defined by the culture and values and guiding principles. I said from day one that we are in the experience business, and our brand is defined by the people who wear the green apron. The entire DNA of the company goes back to equity in the form of stock options, comprehensive health insurance, 25 years ahead of the Affordable Care Act, and this year alone groundbreaking benefit of college achievement of providing all of our people with a four-year education. So, I think what we've seen is that other companies are reacting and playing catch-up to legislation, where we have always been ahead of it, and the tightening of the labor market is not something that we want to deal with or use as an excuse, just like we don't want to talk about weather. And so, we strongly believe that the investments we've made ahead of the curve on legislation in terms of labor and the benefits that we have provided for many, many years is an intrinsic part of the Starbucks experience, and the brand affinity, the loyalty, and all the things that we're doing are linked directly to the investments we've made in our partners. And I think, as Scott said, we can give you even more specifics that demonstrate that the return on investment of these benefits is dramatically affecting return on investment of new stores. You saw that in the $1.4 million first-year stores, the return on investment on comp store sales, and the incrementality. There's no one on the planet doing 4% traffic at our scale, especially when you consider that we have self-cannibalized, I don't know what the percentage is, probably 20%, 30% 40% of our store base this year alone, and no effect. We are driving incrementality in all day parts, and our people in many ways are responsible for it and we want to invest in them and with them. And I think the performance just shows the result.
Howard S. Schultz: Yeah, thanks. Let's have Adam comment on Mobile Order & Pay first, and then we'll take the other two parts of your question.
Howard S. Schultz: You know, I think – as you all know, I think two years ago or so, we shared with you that we had begun to witness and get quite concerned about a downturn in pedestrian traffic on Main Street and certainly a downturn in traffic in malls. And I think if you look at the retailers that are succeeding, I'm not talking about people in our core business but all retailers anywhere in the world, it has to be an experiential, emotional experience where the retail experience is really exceeding the expectation of the customer. And so we went back to work on that and I think we also believe very strongly that we had to seamlessly integrate the Starbucks experience with all things mobile. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are living in a mobile-first global economy and we're witnessing that kind of change. With regard to the physical shape, size, and what we do in our stores, I think we do believe, and I can't give too much away here, that we are in a position where we're in every single or almost every single community in America and almost, you can almost make that statement, in the world, and as a result of that, we're both intercepting and driving traffic into our stores. And we certainly have one of the world's strongest real estate portfolios in terms of where those stores are located. So we are, I think, asking ourselves the very important question, what else can we do in our stores? And I think the operative issue here is relevancy. We have become an extremely relevant brand. And, as Kevin just outlined, three, four years ago, all the day parts that we're now engaged in, we did not have relevancy, we didn't have the right product. And we're, certainly, now looking at the physical space, what it is we're selling. And I'll share something else with you. It's because of the amount of traffic we have, the millions of people and the fact that the core customer is a Millennial customer, the most important consumer in the world today, we have many, many companies who want to partner with us and integrate their products or services into the Starbucks Experience and specifically, certainly they want to do that in terms of what we're doing in terms of mobile technology. So these are early days of us answering that question, but I think you did hit a nerve here by saying that Starbucks has a physical asset almost second to none and when you combine that with what we've been able to do in leveraging that with a seamless digital mobile experience, we're in a very unique position to win. And, I would say, we're as hungry today as we were two years ago when we recognized the problem and we're challenged by it. We certainly feel we have overcome it and we're winning, but we're hungrier today to make sure that the separation we create in the marketplace between us and everyone else gets wider.
Howard S. Schultz: And I've had to say one thing which I think is important. We've always viewed ourselves as merchants, and when we think about the digital experience and the mobile experience with regard to mobile payment and Mobile Order & Pay, the most important thing that we try to consider is the customer experience and as merchants what can we do to surprise and delight the customer so that the mobile experience and the digital experience is not something that's dilutive but actually something that is accretive. And I think as Kevin said in his remarks, I think all those players that are now trying to get into this business, what I notice is that it's really – they're in a utility business. They're in a commodity digital experience. That is not who we have been as a retailer, and that's not who we're going to be as a digital purveyor of the Starbucks Experience.
Howard S. Schultz: Yeah, Joe, I'll just mention one final point. There are many scenarios where the customer wants the full Starbucks Experience. And then there are other scenarios where that same consumer may want the convenience of Mobile Order & Pay. So we're going to see the balance of consumers that are going to use both. And we think that's a very good thing. We've added this capability that provides significant convenience to the consumer, but we've done it in a way that does not take away from or prevent the full Starbucks Experience on those occasions that that experience is desirable to them. And so, our ability to sort of observe and see how consumers respond and react to this I think is very important. And thus far, I think we're seeing great results, great reception, and we're very confident that we're on the right path.
Adam B. Brotman: Hi, Sara. This is Adam. On Mobile Order & Pay, a couple things to mention. First of all, before we get into specifics on ticket and transactions, it's worth reiterating that Mobile Order & Pay is part of a broader platform that includes card, loyalty, mobile payment, digital engagement, and now mobile ordering. And we're about to add delivery and music. So, no other consumer retailer has put together a platform like this, and Mobile Order & Pay is proving out what we thought, which is that when you get the flywheel effect of such a successful platform, you see the results that you see from Mobile Order & Pay. Now specifically to your question, we're seeing incremental transactions from Mobile Order & Pay, particularly in our busiest stores. We're pleased with the results across all the tiers of our stores. You know, ticket right now is holding steady and is doing quite well consistent with our other MSR ticket, and we haven't even added the feature of suggested selling and suggested pairing, which we're going to do in the first half of the year. So, we expect to see that increase on top of the incremental transactions that we're seeing.
Adam B. Brotman: Yeah, thanks, Cliff. This is Adam. David, just to build on what Cliff said in terms of some of our busiest stores particularly in either hospitals or downtown locations, let me give you some examples of that. Yesterday, World Financial Center in New York City did 150 mobile orders for over 10% of their overall transactions. Duke Energy Center in Charlotte, North Carolina has been doing incredible with Mobile Order & Pay. They did over 234 mobile orders yesterday for 20% of their transaction. Cleveland Clinic in a busy hospital where the convenience of when you're on break and you don't have a lot of time and you want to just get your mobile order and get out, incremental occasions being driven there 269 mobile orders for 11% of their transactions. So these are in on our busiest tier. It gives you an example of how pleased our customers and stores are with Mobile Order & Pay. Customers are responding incredibly well. We're seeing conversion rates from trial like we've never seen before. We are seeing some of the best customer satisfaction scores for Mobile Order & Pay, particularly around customer connection, which is a great indicator of future visits. So we're really happy with what's going on there. And in terms of what are we going to do to continue to improve it and how are we going to get even better adoption, that's absolutely in our plan. First of all, we're constantly improving the estimated pick-up time algorithm. Same with store inventory, we've enhanced our ability to display accurate store level menu and inventory availability and we're chockfull of great new features that are coming for Mobile Order & Pay including the ability, like I mentioned earlier, for suggested selling which should drive not only customer satisfaction but also bigger ticket. You're going to see the ability to redeem your loyalty rewards, and favorite stores and favorite orders. So that's just the beginning of what we're going to do to improve not only adoption but the experience.
Adam B. Brotman: I think, Andrew – this is Adam. No, mobile payment is not going to become obsolete. Although mobile ordering is a form of mobile payment and we are going to see a significant number of transactions morph over. But it's really the spectrum of offering customers what they want. If they want the convenience of mobile payment, mobile loyalty engagement, we're going to continue to offer that and innovate on that. And as mobile ordering becomes more and more powerful and more and more prevalent, you're going to see some of that shift over. I will tell you that we saw record mobile payment last week, and as Kevin and Howard mentioned, over 21% of our transactions are still mobile payment, and it's going strong in terms of both mobile payment and now mobile ordering
Adam B. Brotman: Yeah, just building on what you said, Kevin. This is Adam. Howard mentioned that we're seeing a five million mobile order per month run-rate already. And while we're not breaking out specific percentages, there is a range of mobile order numbers across a number of store tiers particularly in our busiest tiers and we are seeing significantly more incremental transactions, incrementality in our busiest stores. We are seeing, internationally, our latest wave that went out for Canada and U.K. saw even a faster adoption than the New York wave, which was faster than the previous wave. So we're getting better at getting faster customer adoption and it bodes well for Mobile Order & Pay globally.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, thanks, Sharon. It's Scott. So the total amount, as I mentioned, is between $250 million and $275 million. The vast majority of that, again, will be in the U.S. I think the important part is there is some amount that will happen out in the regions, much smaller dollars, but that includes not only partner investments which is wage and benefit, but it includes an acceleration of some things we want to do digitally around mobile, around loyalty, and around platforms in general. So I think the way to think about it is vast majority in the U.S., a bit in the other regions. And as we go through the year, if those numbers become significant, we'll give you an idea of how they landed by segment.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks, David. On the first part of your question, I think what we've done in 2015 and heading into 2016 is actually accelerate the investments as we've moved through time. So we had a number as we started the year in 2015, and each quarter we actually leaned in a little bit more. And we're doing that again in 2016. And I think there may be some of that that continues as we head into 2017, but obviously as we've changed our plans as we move through 2015, we'll update you as we get into 2017. So I do think we're in an accelerated investment mode now. At some point, that will tail off. But I think the best way for you to think about it is as we move through time, we'll let you know. When we see opportunities to accelerate given what's happening on the top line, we will lean in. We will spend more. We won't hesitate to do what the right thing is. And so, I think the best thing for you to do is just sort of track with us as we go through time. I feel good about what we have for 2016. As we get through the year, we'll talk about 2017. On flow-through, I would say part of the flow-through that you're mentioning is driven by exactly what I'm talking about. So we are definitely investing ahead of the curve. So there's a little bit of advanced and accelerated investment that's having some impact on margin. But I just want to go back to the comments I made on the call that are really important. A lot of what you're seeing for the full year on margin and EPS growth guidance is really a result of what's happening in that first quarter, driven by significant FX impact which impacts top line and bottom line and margin. And driven by the fact that we didn't really start our partner investments until January of last year. So that math is impacting the whole year. As you get through to the rest of the year, you kind of come back up into the middle of our range on a non-GAAP basis.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks for the question. On the first part, I think comp growth next year in the U.S. will look a lot like it looked this year. So in other words, strong growth from food probably in that two-point, maybe three-point range. It's important to point out this is the first time we've ever had three points in food, so the momentum is continuing. I would expect to see limited time offerings in innovation, as Kevin talked about, with things like Cold Brew. There's lots of things in the pipeline that will continue to drive a point or two point of comp there. And then, importantly, the core of what's driving our comp today is all of our regular platform, so espresso, iced beverages, just significant growth in those things that we've been doing all along and we just continue to do them better. So I think the comp breakdown, think of it as very similar to what we did both in the quarter and the year. And then, yeah, I expect Americas comp expansion to be in the range of what you saw this year. So we said moderate. That was 80 basis points, and I think that, that's in the range of what we'll see as we look forward for 2016.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks, Matt. It's Scott. As it relates to coffee costs, the first thing that I'll just remind everyone is coffee in our retail business continues to be a decreasing part of overall COGS. So just keep that in mind as we grow, the movement in coffee prices really impacts channel development more than it does the retail businesses. With that said, we expect coffee costs to be a little bit favorable as we look forward into 2016. And I think this was inherent in your question, Matt. If you go back a couple of years, you'll recall that in 2014, coffee prices spiked significantly. They spent a good portion of the year above $1.90. They went above $2. Heading into that spike, we were quite long in our coffee inventory, and so we didn't buy much coffee at those prices. And so when coffee came down for 2015, we started buying. And so, if you were to take a look at the spot rate impacting 2015, we were much lower than that spot rate because of our coffee buying practices. So as you roll over into 2016, the delta in the spot rate doesn't impact us as much because we didn't pay as much as the market did in 2014. So that's what's happening is we're smoothing out those costs, aborting the spikes that we had in 2014 and our 2015 P&L, and that's rolling into some favorability in 2016 and I think some favorability as we head into 2017, depending on what the market does. So I think being patient there definitely paid off for us. So, do you want to – Cliff, do you want to try (85:17).
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah. Thanks, Andy. It definitely was driven by both the technology investment as well as the delevering year-over-year is partially driven by the Japan acquisition just given how the accounting works there. And then some catch-up definitely in the fourth quarter around incentive comp. If you sort of normalize for that, our goal is to grow G&A at half the rate of revenue, and we basically achieved that in 2015. You've just got to strip out some of the accounting from the Japan acquisition and some of the other items that are in there from an investment standpoint. Going forward, we are still targeting to leverage G&A. I will tell you it will be less than that half a rate of revenue growth as we look in 2016. And that's because the technology investments will hit G&A and put a little bit of pressure on that. But we still expect a bit of leverage as we look forward.
John Winchester Culver: Yeah. John, let me – this is John – let me just talk a little bit about China and what we're seeing in China. And first, let me just be very clear that our business in China and across CAP remains very, very strong. You look at the momentum that we've been able to build. We've seen no systemic slowdown in our business in China. As we discussed on the call, our performance in terms of comp in China accelerated above the total region. And when you look at the comp breakdown, not only in China but then also across the region, this is all being driven by transactions which is phenomenal. It means that we're attracting more new customers into our stores every day as well as, at the same time, continuing to build frequency with our existing customers. In addition, what we saw during the quarter was that comps actually accelerated month to month. And in China, we see that comps are continuing to accelerate into the month of October, which is great news for us. Just let me touch on China because I know there's a lot of questions out there right now. Today, we operate 1,800 stores across 95 cities, and when you think back to two years ago, we had a 1,500 store target in China by the end of 2015. We are significantly ahead of that 1,500 store target with over 1,800 stores. In the quarter, we opened 135 new stores in China. That's 1.5 stores per day, which is actually ahead of the 1.2 stores that we average for the entire fiscal year of 2015. And when you look at the new stores that we're opening in China, we have the best age class performance in our new stores since 2012. And when you break down the total growth across CAP and really across China, 75% of our revenue growth is being driven by new stores, 25% is being driven by comp, and what we continue to do is focus on investing ahead of the curve as it relates to our people, the digital landscape, IT, store development, supply chain, and continuing to elevate our coffee position in the marketplace. So, again, we're just very optimistic about the opportunity that CAP presents and more specifically what China presents.
John Winchester Culver: Hi, Jeff. This is John. Thanks for the question. First, in terms of the growth rate around stores, we'll open approximately 900 stores across China next year. And we're well on our way to delivering the 3,400 or 3,500 store target by 2019. We continue to be very disciplined in how we're looking at real estate, how we're building the stores, and, more importantly, how we're creating that experience for our customers and really taking the long-term view on that. When you look at the success of the portfolio, particularly this past year, but more importantly as well in year's prior, the portfolio continues to perform very strong. And we continue to lay the tracks around the infrastructure so that we can continue to accelerate in the future new store growth. So again, we remain very optimistic about that. We continue to focus on people and bringing in the right people, training our partners, and giving them the tools that they need in order to be successful. In terms of the customers and shifting them, what we see is that the majority of our business continues to be in the afternoon and evenings in China. But more and more we're seeing that morning ritual come into play. We have some investments in the business this year in the plan around food and building out the capability around food and particularly the morning day part. In addition, we see digital as a key component in helping to shift customers from that afternoon and evening day part into the morning. And we're laying the tracks on that now. So, again, we're taking the long-term view on China. We want to build our business the right way. We have a very strong brand and great experience that we're providing our customers there
John Winchester Culver: Yeah, so one of the things that we've talked about over the course of the last couple years is partner family forums in China. And the significant role that the family plays in helping their children select where they want to work and the type of companies they want to work for. Three years ago, we held our very first partner family forum in Beijing, followed by one in Shanghai, and then another, a third one, in Guangzhou. In January, we're going to do our fourth family forum in Chengdu and when you think of these family forums, think of about 2,000 people, our partners as well as their mothers and fathers, their children, if they have children, coming to this and really seeing what Starbucks is and who we are as a company around the values we have, the opportunities that we're going to give them to grow, and really no other company is able to create this type of experience. And that's why, over the last several years, we've been the employer of choice in China, and we've been able to attract top talent. So we're continuing to make these investments, and we're continuing to be very optimistic about our future in China. But we want to do it the right way.
