Roz Brewer: Yes, Kevin, I do. There's a couple of things here to think about in terms of the contributors. Kevin mentioned the higher beverage attach, the higher food attach. There's also the shift to cold beverages. And what we see in cold beverages is a couple of things. If you think about the decline in transactions that we've seen in our central business districts and our metro markets, those areas carry single beverages, and they were higher than average brewed coffee and those grew really at a lower range than our ticket options. So, what we're doing in beverage innovation is replacing that with cold beverages and replacing that with plant-based. And so that's why we're seeing this improved food attach. And so we feel confident that those kinds of innovations are going to keep that ticket higher than what we've seen in the past.
Roz Brewer: Great. Thank you, Sharon, for that note of congratulations. So, just a little bit on SFE. The story behind SFE is we provided for our customer base the option for payment removal. And we knew that was one of the most significant sections that we had in growing our Starbucks Rewards members. So, this strong member growth that we're seeing is not only surpassing our pre-COVID highs, but it's pushing well behind and you saw the numbers, 22 million active members, that's up 15% year-over-year. And it's helping us really fuel the all-time highs that we're seeing in Starbucks Rewards as they convert. And right now, our Starbucks Rewards percent of tenders is reaching nearly $0.50 -- 50%, as Kevin mentioned. So, we are seeing some significant improvement with Stars for Everyone. Also, too, quarter-over-quarter, our mobile app downloads grew by plus 5% and our acquisitions grew 13%. So, we're seeing some significant movement in there in terms of how the conversion rate. The everything you asked for if there's any qualitative difference between who we're seeing coming in, we're just seeing just an expansion of our customer and just more love for the brand as we apply SFE. And so really, we don't have the exact numbers in terms of qualitatively how they differ. We just know that we have addressed a significant concern with payment removal. So, we're pleased with what we see so far.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So, we have quite a bit of work happening around our service experience and everything that we're seeing around the drive-thru as we have so many of our stores in the drive-thru position right now. First of all, let me speak about our future real estate. When we looked at our most productive model, it is the drive-thru. So, in our go forward position, you'll see an increased number of drive-thrus that we're building in the Central United States and across the Southeast and the Southwest. So, drive-thru in terms of the numbers will grow. Also, two, there are three main approaches that we have to enhance the drive-thru productivity. First of all, is to optimize the current state. And that's looking at our operation standards and that's the focus on driving our increased out the window times. And so that's reinforcing all of our processes in store making sure that our baristas can operate efficiently and that's the ongoing work that we will do. The second piece is we're developing and testing some drive-thru forward solutions and that includes our handheld POS, which right now we have about 300 drive-thru stores with handheld POS and we'll have 500 of those stores by the end of February. And so we're also adding to that the tech improvement to make orders more easily managed through our consolidation and handoff. We call that our bump bar replacement. And then in addition, we're also targeting the renovation of 150 drive-thru constraint stores that have either issues in terms of meeting the new productivity model from an engine design or removing the pastry case and getting things situated, single point of sales and other solutions. And then there's a final piece, the future drives for concepts and those are things like drive-thru-only stores that have no seating, very small units, the side-by-side drive-thru lanes that we are bringing on to the footprint. So, it's -- we've got considerable work in this area to unlock the full potential for drive-thru.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So, Kevin, I think you hit a pretty strong there in terms of us really aligning with customer preference. I will say that the work that our team has been doing around our digital platform and getting to know our customers better than we've ever known them before, we're understanding how their preferences are trending. What this is also allowing us to do is to make great coffee as well, because now we're learning how to match and pair coffee with great food and beverage items so that we bring together both a food and beverage combination. So, the work ahead of us, by no means minimizes food, actually, we see it as a golden opportunity for us to just further expand our presence and create quality, food attach items to go along with great coffee.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Thank you. In relation to the impact of the higher ticket on margin and how we expect that to normalize over time, to Kevin's point, we do anticipate that some of that ticket growth will sustain and with that some margin benefit will linger, but there will be as customer behavior normalizes, some reversal -- some of that margin benefit. But it's important to highlight some of the other ongoing initiatives underway in our store operations to build new levels of productivity, whether the deployment of handheld POS to improve throughput at the drive-thru and how we believe that will not only increase our capacity, but deliver some margin enhancements, or what we're doing to deploy new equipment, both new espresso machines as well as new ovens that help us to reduce transaction times out the window, or just ongoing operational engineering work to ensure that our operating routines -- we've adopted new protocols continue to achieve higher levels of efficiency in terms of how we deploy our labor. So, there are a number of other activities underway that will drive new levels of productivity and unlock further margin benefit even as some of the sales activity normalizes and with that reverses some of the margin benefits that we've seen here recently.
Pat Grismer: And John, as to your question regarding variable labor, what we focus on his flow through on variable sales and that's particularly important as we expect continued sales recovery and then back into growth in the back half of the year. And even as we continue to make significant new investments in the middle of P&L in order to unlock future growth opportunity, we fully expect very meaningful sales leverage that comes with what we target as an approximate 50% flow through on those variable sales. And that includes what we derive by way of leverage on fixed labor. So, there is a variable labor component that is embedded in that calculation. But importantly, it acknowledges that there is a fair portion of our total cost structure inclusive of labor that is fixed in terms of how we operate these stores. So, as we recover sales and further build from that point, we anticipate margin expansion as a consequence of sales leverage that helps to offset the impact of the additional investments we're making to unlock future growth.
Pat Grismer: Thanks John and Sara to build on what John has said to put into perspective how we're thinking about comp growth in China long-term, you may recall at our December 2018 Investor Conference, we guided China comp growth of 1% to 3%. In recent quarters, we had delivered in the low single-digits. And we acknowledged at the time that as a consequence of a more tempered pace of growth in the broader economy, intensified competition and the sales transfer that comes from an aggressive pace of new unit development, that 1% to 3% was a reasonable expectation. Fast forward to our Investor Day, just a couple of months ago, where we updated that to a new range of 2% to 4%. I would say in relation to the factors I mentioned, no material change to the economy, competition, or sales transfer. But importantly, as John mentioned, significant improvements in our digital capability and how that has all resonated with our customers in China, which underpins our confidence in raising that long-term comp guidance range for China to this 2% to 4%, which we believe is quite powerful in the context of very aggressive unit development given the strong appeal of our brand and the outstanding unit level economics that delivers superior returns for us in China.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Kevin. What I would add is that much -- the same way I talked about China, is how we're thinking about the U.S. in relation to improved comps on the back of investments we're making in the brand with investments in our store partners being a critically important investment. And to put that in numerical terms, a couple of years ago, when we guided at our Investor Day, at the time a 3% to 4% comp expectation for our U.S. business. More recently at our Investor Day, we raised that to a range of 4% to 5%. And that is entirely the result of our confidence in the returns that we will get on these investments led by investments in our partners, but also significant investments in our digital platforms. And what that does to unlock the full sales potential of a Starbucks brand, yielding significant sales leverage that not only pays for these investments, but enables what we continue to expect by way of modest annual margin expansion, which is a fundamental part of our ability to convert revenue growth long-term of 8% to 10% to operating income growth of 9% to 11%. So, as Kevin mentioned, all of these things work together, investment combined with productivity to combine further with sales leverage to land the ongoing margin expansion that forms a fundamental part of our overall earnings growth model.
Pat Grismer: Yes, thank you, David. So, we were very pleased with our A1 results with non-GAAP EPS exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range by approximately $0.08. Picking that apart about $0.05 of that favorability was driven by our business segment performance, including better than expected margins in both the Americas and International and other $0.02 we'd attribute to favorable foreign currency translation, and the remaining $0.01 attributable to a lower than expected tax rate, which is driven by unplanned discrete tax benefits. As to the business performance, we do expect that momentum to sustain balance of year. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we believe that it is possible that we could deliver full year results ahead of the guidance we've given. However, when you consider where we're at in our fiscal year with three quarters to go and when you also consider the continued volatility and the operating environment. It's prudent to hold at this stage. And that's what we've chosen to do. We've decided to hold our full year non-GAAP guidance, until we close Q2 and have half the year under our belt, we will then have much better visibility to the back half of the year and can make a more considered call on what guidance update may be appropriate at that point in time. But we are very encouraged by what we've seen thus far. Even with the recent volatility we've seen in China, we could not be more delighted with the accelerated recovery we've seen in our U.S. business going from a minus 8% comp in December to a minus 2% comp in January, well on our way to achieving the full sales recovery that we outlook for the U.S. business by the end of our second quarter, fully expecting the quarter to come in that 5% to 10% sales growth, that's comparable sales growth for us business. So, when you add it all up, there's every reason to be optimistic. It's just a matter of prudence. Again, given where we're at in our year and the fact that the pandemic is still impacting our business in different ways, but we're really pleased with the resilience we've built into our business and that's reflected in our results.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. So, Jon, with respect to trade area transformation progress, as of the end of Q1, we had completed approximately one-third of the store closures included in our trade area transformation initiative and expect to complete the majority of remaining closures by the end of this fiscal year as originally planned. So, there has been a bit of a delay relative to what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year and that's entirely a function of how thoughtfully the team is continuing to refine the store closure plans based on how we read the impacts we're seeing from stores as they are closed in terms of both sales transfer and margin with a view to continue to optimize as we go. But we're as committed to that program now as we were at the start of the year and even back to June when we first announced it and then subsequently expanded the program. As to the margin impact, we continue to expect about a 40 basis point improvement to our consolidated margin or enterprise margin on a full year basis. So, even with a slight delay to some of the closure activity, we continue to expect meaningful margin expansion as a result of this initiative.
Pat Grismer: Thank you for the question, Chris. I would say that from a margin perspective, currently, the impact is a little bit of a push because while there is incremental cost associated with those alternative milks, we do charge a premium and so that helps to mute the impact to margin. I would say much longer term, it remains to be seen. A lot of it will depend on how consumers increasingly migrate to those alternative milks, not just in our business, but broadly in a way that supports increased production, which should over time reduce the cost and then we have the opportunity to reevaluate whether at some stage it makes sense to change our pricing practices. I would say generally speaking, our goal is to maintain, if not expand our margins over time.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Roz, why don't you take that and go through a little bit of the initiatives that we've done to increase throughput on the different channels? And then maybe I'll comment, but why I don't I let you take that question.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks John. Roz, why don't you take the first question that John asked, and then Pat will follow-up on the second question that he asked.
Kevin Johnson: Sara, thanks for the question. Maybe, John, I'll have you talk a little bit about what's happening in China new store growth and how we continue to drive China. And then let's go to Pat, Pat can reinforce kind of our view on the long-term growth model for China that we outlined at the Investor Day in December.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Jeffrey thanks for your questions. Let me kind of lead off with the perspective and then I'll hand over to Pat to put some numbers around it. But fundamentally look we believe in investing in our partners, it is our green apron partners who create that experience for our customers. And so we know when we invest in our partners and put them in the position to do the best job they can and serving our customers that our customer connection scores go up and our traffic goes up, and our sales go up. There's a direct correlation between investment in partners, customer connection scores, and traffic increase. And I think that's the first thing to note. So, that's why you saw us make a fairly significant increase in wage and benefits here in the U.S. as we went into this fiscal year. Second, then we find ways to help offset some of that in two ways. Number one is just productivity and throughput. We have a 20,000 square foot Tryer Center, we call it our Tryer Center, and think of it as a Silicon Valley incubation lab, right downstairs here in Seattle. And we have some of the world's best human-centered design engineers that work down there with our partners, to find ways to help them improve their productivity. Oftentimes, it has to do with the store layout, oftentimes it has to do with the equipment, what kinds of ovens, what's the -- how can we make things easier for partners to do their jobs. And so that helps offset some of that increase in wage. And then the other is automating administrative tasks. Things that whether it's -- we've had -- we've got deep brew helping automate inventory management stores, helping reduce the amount of time that partners have to count inventory and fill out forms and now technology is playing a role doing that. Other examples our Mastrena II machines that we're putting in our stores have -- are instrumented with Internet of Things sensors in them. And those sensors every shot of espresso, it sends telemetry data back to our data center. And through machine learning, we can predict when a when it is one of our Mastrena machines needs to be maintained, or needs to be cleaned or calibrated. And by doing that, we prevent the situation where perhaps the partner comes to open the store in the morning and one of the Mastrena machines is down. So, technology to automate administrative tasks that help provide the best environment for our partners to do what they do best, which is handcrafted beverages and connecting with our customers. And then the way that we get productivity by just thinking about the human-centered design experience we create for partners in the stores. That helps offset the increase. And Pat I'll hand to you to help add a little bit more numerics around that.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Andrew, thanks for the question. Certainly, with -- on the CFO side, Rachel, -- Rachel's been a long-term Starbucks partner and our finance organization and supporting the America. She is fully up to speed on Starbucks and all things related to driving this business. And so great confidence there. And Roz's organization, as I flatten the organization, I'm going to take Rossann Williams and Brady Brewer direct to me. Rossann has been running our U.S. -- North American business now for over two years doing a great job on that and Brady's our Chief Marketing Officer. So, certainly I think that stability of leaders running North America and the stability of Rachel and her knowledge of the Americas and stepping into the global CFO role gives me great confidence. And I'll say this; we've got a very strong bench of talent in Starbucks. And what you're seeing is the next generation of leadership stepping into these roles and I've got great confidence in them. And so certainly, I'm going to continue to do what I do, which is we work as a leadership team, we work together as a team based on trust, transparency, and teamwork. And these leaders Rossann and Brady have been on the executive leadership team now for over a year. Rachel will join us on the leadership team, but we won't miss a beat and very grateful to both Pat and Roz for their contribution, because not only did they contribute, but they also built great successors in their roles. And I'm very grateful.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Dennis, thanks for your question. Let me let me share our perspective. And then Roz, I'll hand to you to add a bit more from the U.S. perspective. But Dennis, strategically, we are a beverage-first company; we are in the business of handcrafted beverages, personalized for each and every customer around coffee and tea. And it's that experience we create around handcrafted beverages. And that's why we amplify -- we talk about our innovation, it's around customer experience, it's around relevant new beverage innovation, and it's around digital customer relationships. And by focusing and understanding that we are a beverage-first company, that what we do is create that experience around those handcrafted beverages has been very important in the growth that we've been driving. And so we talk about that a lot, we focus on that a lot, because that is, at the end of the day, what is it a significant differentiator for Starbucks. Now, we then attach food and so nothing -- food's not important, but we're very clear, strategically, the most important thing is to be on the front foot and innovate and drive those relevant beverage platforms and then and then differentiate through the fact that our Starbucks partners in our stores, handcraft those beverages personally, for each and every customer, and then we attach food. Now, when we attach food, we -- our R&D teams have been very thoughtful about how to have the food menu, be relevant to the day parts and to the beverages that we sell. And they've done a phenomenal job with that over the years and if I were to say what is the probably the most dominant shift in consumer behavior is this whole shift to plant-based. And that is a shift both in beverage and in food. On the beverage side, this is why we've introduced all the alternative milks, whether it's almond milk, soy milk, oat milk, all of that's important. And then on the food side, you see what we've done with things like the Impossible Sausage Breakfast Sandwich and you're seeing more and more plant-based proteins in our food menu. And in fact, we have one Starbucks store here in the Seattle area that we've gone to 100% plant-based food menu. We use that as sort of a test area when we innovate and create things here in our Support Centre -- in the Tryer Center, we test in that store. So, if I think about both beverage and food, and the number one trend that I would highlight there is just a consumer shift in consumer preferences around plant-based. And Roz let me hand to you, you might have some additional numbers and color to add to that, but I think at a macro level, those are the two most important points, I think, Dennis.
Kevin Johnson: Jon, thanks for your questions. We'll have Pat take the first clarification that you asked for and then John Culver will comment on China loyalty member of behaviors.
Kevin Johnson: Well, I want to thank you all for joining us today and I also wanted to invite you to join us on March 17th for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. It will be a virtual meeting where we will celebrate Starbucks and reflect on our journey over the last 50 years since the founding of the company in 1971, while at the same time looking forward to a very bright future and we hope that you join us for that virtual meeting and we'll look forward to seeing you or participating with you on March 17th. Thank you everybody.
John Culver: Okay. Thanks for the question, Sara. And clearly, we're very proud of the work that team in China has done to navigate the COVID situation and the current surge that we're seeing in the market to basically substantially recover and in line with our expectations for the quarter and deliver a 5% comp, topline growth rate of 15% and an acceleration of new stores to 160 in the quarter is really remarkable given the current environment that we're operating. And we continue to be very optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity and the continued recovery that is going to take place throughout this fiscal year. Our new stores continue to perform very well. As I said, we opened 160 stores, 30% growth over the last 12 months and that includes a time period where we slow down or halted all store growth as we navigated the COVID crisis beginning last year at this time. We're seeing really strong performance and uptick with the Starbucks Now expansion. We're opening 24 cities -- I'm sorry, opened 24 stores in nine different cities in the quarter and we have a total of 40 stores and we'll continue to expand that concept. And then the last piece beyond the store piece is the acceleration of digital and the digital footprint. And Kevin hit on this a little bit in his comments, but this is also fueling the growth during the pandemic as we navigate. Our 90-day actives increased at 15.4 million members, that's 56% increase over the previous year and that's 14% increase over the previous quarter, which is great. And then clearly mobile order sales mix at 30% with MOP at 16% and deliver at 14% is strong growth. So, our total mobile order sales are now two times what they were last year at this time. So, clearly we have put in place a model that has been able to navigate the pandemic environment. And we feel very optimistic and delivering the delivering the guidance that path look forward of achieving the 100% comp for the second quarter and relative with flat growth on a two year basis for the market.
John Culver: And Sara just one of the things that I would just add, as well, is -- and Kevin hit on this a little bit in terms of the strength of the Starbucks brand in the market. And clear -- we are the clear leader in terms of brand affinity and visitation across all coffee houses. We're the first choice in away-from-home handcrafted coffee beverages for customers. And as a matter of fact, one in two consumers prefer Starbucks versus anybody else's coffee in the marketplace. So, we feel we're in a very strong position from a consumer standpoint and a customer perspective to really emerge out of the challenges that we're facing in a very strong way and that gives us confidence for the future.
John Culver: And Jon to your question on China and the digital and what we're seeing a little bit deeper dive on it. First off, the day-part impact we've really seen an uptick in the morning day-part, but pretty much the recovery is taking place across all day-parts consistently. But from a digital mobile order and pay perspective, we are seeing an uptick on the morning side. In terms of the ticket, as it relates to digital, we are seeing ticket consistent with what we've seen previously. Generally, in China, our ticket runs a bit higher than the U.S. under normal circumstances that is because of group ordering and I would say our ticket is living up to that historical performance. The other aspect that we're seeing is social gifting and social gifting is a big piece of digital in China. We've introduced that as part of the Rewards program and we're seeing a nice uptick of that as well. So, very pleased with the progress the team is making there and we're going to continue to invest and double down on our digital footprint in China.
