Clifford Burrows: We’re very pleased with the strength of the 7% comp in the U.S. business. It is a mixture of both ticket and transaction. We have seen continued strength from our food business, as we roll out that launch. It has been a contributor of 2% to the comp in the quarter. It has been underpinned and supported by beverage innovation, whether it is the iced teas from Teavana or whether it is Fizzio in its early days, in the Sun Belt region. And also, the Frappuccino limited time offers this season have also performed strongly, so really, really pleased in company operated and licensed, and with our new store performance. So all around, very strong performance in the U.S.
Clifford Burrows: There’s no doubt that the work we’ve done with food over the last two years, with the investment in La Boulange and then the rollout of these fantastic new morning pastries, and the products around all day parts supported by whether it’s pastries [unintelligible], loaf cakes, all of that is really helping us to increase our attach. And it is giving us an opportunity to improve quality. And we’ve had a benefit from ticket in their area. We also went in and we are now in, I guess, our 10th year of breakfast sandwiches. And we did a major overhaul and upgrade of the ingredients. And we really did see a 40% growth versus the previous year. So there is absolute confidence that we’re heading in the right direction with food.  As Troy said earlier, we introduced two new lunch products, two new sandwiches, and we’ve seen those perform well. And we are testing in a couple of markets a lot of innovations around lunch. And we will keep testing. And as we prove out new products, new ideas, we will roll them out. And really, that will happen from now throughout 2015.  As Howard said, the beverages we’ve got around refreshment, whether it’s the iced shaken teas from Teavana, or whether it is Fizzio, they again support this lunchtime occasion. We’re equally excited about the opportunity with evenings, and that is not just around the wine and beer element, but it will be around food, the opportunity to sell tea and coffee beverages, and we’re in the early days there. So there is an opportunity for us not only to continue to grow transactions, but also to grow ticket in different day parts. 
Clifford Burrows: I think I’d only add two other things. The opportunity that we identified a couple of years ago around drive-thru, that continues to strengthen. And I think the other thing is the geographic opportunity across a wide geography of the U.S. is what encourages us that this is a really good base to build on.  And Troy said it, with the quality of the real estate and our absolute discipline maintaining our sales to investment ratio of two to one, and I also think the design quality, the team we have now, and you’ve seen some great stores around the globe, but some of the stores we’re now opening - you know, New Orleans in Canal Street is just phenomenal. Disney, Anaheim, just wonderful, wonderful stores that are really stretching those and giving us an opportunity to attract new customers and give us locations that we’re incredibly proud of. And customers are reacting so well to these new locations.
Clifford Burrows: Thanks, Howard, and the opportunity that our mobile MSR platform affords is just incredible, because we know the customers, they know how to use that technology in our stores, and I really see this as a great enhancement. As you can imagine, we’ve got a lot of people working on this to make sure the input comes in in the right place, the production falls into line with our regular rhythms, and that we are very clear on the handoff, how do we keep that interaction between our barista and the customer. And really, it enhances the relationship we have with the customers, and we think this is going to be just such a great opportunity to increase capacity in stores at peak and just find new ways to fit into customers’ lives. And we’re going to do a significant market test before the holiday, and I’m sure we’ll learn from this and very rapidly then we’ll start to roll out.
Clifford Burrows: No, La Boulange, for us, was the credibility and the base to grow quality pastries and that morning day part within Starbucks stores. Over time, it is about the full array of food that we serve at Starbucks, some of which will be pastries and some of those other day parts that Howard talked about earlier. And obviously the big opportunity is to have food that complements our beverages. So the beverage will drive and the food will support that. We wanted to make sure that as we invested in food that we had great quality food that matches the customer expectation. And that’s the role La Boulange has played in that morning day part.
Clifford Burrows: We have just under about 50% of our company operated stores are drive-thru. In the new stores that we’re opening, it is more than half of them, with the current year are going to be drive-thru. So it is a growing part of our portfolio. We have seen considerable improvement in throughput, and the drive-thru stores have been strong contributors to comp, both in the drive-thru lane and also in the in-store experience as well. And that’s because we’ve really focused on how do we serve the two customer need states. We talked several calls ago about an enhanced drive-thru experience, and that really is we’re going to have the opportunity to have face-to-face conversations with customers through technology and through digital, enhancing the experience for the customer, both in terms of how they order and how they pay in drive-thru, and how they keep out of the rain in those drive-thru lanes. So all of those are investments we have tested. Really encouraged by it. And really, it will be three years we will do that rollout. Some will be on cycle renovation, and some will be to speed it up, where that opportunity exists. So I think it’s fair to say drive-thru will be a significant contributor, and it’s an opportunity for comp. The good news is customer feedback, and what they’re telling us, is the drive-thru experience is really important to them, because we meet them where they’re at. It is not how they build the relationship, but that convenience and the ability for a mother to be in the car with her kids rather than offload the family is important. And the morning commuter. So drive-thru is a focus. It has been a contributor to our comps over recent years, and it will continue to be so.
Howard Schultz: I would just add, it’s clear to us that we have a significant opportunity in the need state of refreshment. And shaken Teavana iced tea and Fizzio has reaffirmed that, and we see that as just the beginning of both afternoon and evening opportunities. And we are bullish on all things tea, and we are excited about what’s happening with the introduction of Fizzio. Just the beginning.
Howard Schultz: I would add one thing, and I think this is an important opportunity to make this statement. Food at Starbucks, I think we could all admit, for many, many years was a weakness and a challenge for us, and I would say, unequivocally, with the acquisition of La Boulange and the execution of Cliff and his team, has now become a significant strength and a driver of multiple occasions, need states, and the opportunity for Starbucks to leverage day parts that we did not have access to before. And we’re just getting started. 
Howard Schultz: I just want to frame this issue for you. I think at our core, the hallmark of everything we’ve done for now, 40-plus years, has been the customer experience. We want to do everything we can as a company historically and in the future of really not becoming a fast food classic QSR company. And so the experience of Starbucks is really based on customized beverages and really creating this third place between home and work. And we’ve created that now around the world. It’s clear to us in our research that express order and pay is a big, big idea, and a big enough idea that can create significant incrementality if done right. And I think the operative phrase here is, “if done right.” This is not something we are coming to overnight. This is something that has been very thoughtful, very disciplined, and part of the digital team of people, wide swath of people, looking at this to ensure the fact that not only do we deliver the capability, but we do it in a way that does not dilute the integrity of the Starbucks experience.  And I can tell you unequivocally that Cliff and his team are going to execute this in a way that is going to be seamless and accretive to the Starbucks experience. 
Howard Schultz: We had the real benefit of testing Fizzio. We tried to test it kind of under the radar, but many of you heard about it and saw it. That was last summer in Atlanta and Austin, and Tokyo and Singapore. So we had a lot of insight, a lot of knowledge, and we saw firsthand that we were creating something that had a day part opportunity and a refreshment need state that was beyond and accretive to Starbucks core products and core morning day parts. And that is what’s playing out. In addition to that, as Cliff said earlier, the food attachment that is linked to refreshment beverages, I think, is going to prove to be a plus for Starbucks. And with have certainly seen that with shaken iced tea on the Teavana side, and now with Fizzio. It’s still early. I can tell you we’re enthusiastic.  It’s a proprietary machine. I think our customers really like the fact - and this is something we saw in test and we’re seeing it play out - in addition to the three Fizzio flavors, not unlike almost everything we do at Starbucks, our customers are now responding on their own and creating their own customizable carbonated beverage that is not even close to anything we’re offering.   So we’re seeing an opportunity to leverage carbonation beyond the initial flavor profile. And this is something part and parcel with Frappuccino for 20 years. And it’s very interesting. It’s exciting, and we’re just giving it to the customer and let them be in control. And that’s benefitting Starbucks. With regard to packaged coffee and global partnerships, I’ll give that to John.
Howard Schultz: We’ve always believed that we had to be able to create the equity of that Starbucks brand in our retail stores first, create kind of impressions, the economies of scale, and the emotional connection in our stores, and then sequentially, as a result of that, be able to create new channels of distribution. And as a result of that, the success we’re seeing, and you saw it this quarter, is a result of the equity in the Starbucks brand being now available in places where people can find coffee and other Starbucks products where they shop for food. And you know, I’ve said this before, but we are probably the only traditional four-wall, bricks and mortar retailer that has now created multiple channels of distribution outside of our store base. One reason for that is we’re a company owned system, so we don’t have the franchise relationships, and we’re not encumbered by them. But the other thing is the fact that our customers want Starbucks coffee and related products outside of our stores. And when you look at comps of Starbucks at 7% U.S., what’s not in the P&L, and probably was not in our remarks, is not only are we achieving 7% comps on a base of 6,800 stores, but we’re also self-cannibalizing many, many things that we sell in our stores by having 100,000 points of distribution of Starbucks coffee and related products throughout the United States.
Howard Schultz: Let’s talk about Teavana fist, because I think it’s a very interesting case test and study. When we acquired Teavana, the going in assumption was we’ve got a $90 billion category that we believe was ripe for innovation. But we also had the inherent benefit of the opportunity to not only expand Teavana traditional stores in the U.S. and around the world - and I think over time, it will prove out that Teavana’s greatest strength is going to be outside of the U.S. But that’s for another day. But I think the benefit going in was the fact that we believed that we could create significant incrementality inside Starbucks. Our tea business, before the acquisition, was less than half of 1% in Starbucks stores.  By leveraging the Teavana brand and the quality of the tea, we are building a new category inside Starbucks. We’re seeing significant growth in tea as a result of Teavana and Oprah Chai. But the real benefit is not only inside Starbucks, but the halo and the fact that we’re creating awareness, we’re creating a unique opportunity to build the Teavana retail brand as well. So the advertising benefit is we’re not only getting a return on the investment of advertising Teavana Shaken Tea in our stores, but we’re getting the added benefit of being able to communicate the benefit of going into Teavana stores. And this is just the beginning.  With regard to Evolution, we haven’t talked about this in a while, but you know, a while back we announced a relationship and a partnership with Dannon. And in calendar 2015, you’ll see the benefits of the partnership of Dannon, which will be integrated into Evolution products in yogurt.
Troy Alstead: First, on food, we don’t specifically disclose specific attach rates, so I won’t give you a specific number to hang on. I will tell you, though, unequivocally, we are selling more food in the morning day part. Food is becoming an increasing driver - the fastest transaction growth we have in our entire store system is happening at midday and into the afternoon. And food, along with the refreshment category that Howard has spoken about, is the primary driver of that additional day part expansion. So across all throughout the day, food is giving us an uplift in ticket, is contributing to, we believe, traffic growth into the stores, and there’s no question it’s driving an improved customer experience and frankly, increased pride among our partner base as we elevate the food program. So very, very healthy results all around. And at our investor conference this fall, we look forward to telling you about what the next wave of that looks like as we’ll go deeper into our expanding lunch program at that point in time. In the U.S. stores, and I’ll make a comment, Cliff may jump in here, but what has been one of the most phenomenal stories for us in the past year or two or three has been first recovery several years ago but now the phenomenal returns we’re seeing from new store growth and acceleration of that growth in our U.S. and broadly in the Americas, but specifically within the big system of the U.S. The new store formats, flagship stores as Howard spoke about earlier, footprints that allow us to reach traffic that we never had access to previously, all are contributing as we’re growing the system to an opportunity in the U.S. for an accelerating store growth both this year, which you saw in our revised targets today, but as we go into the coming years ahead, beyond any expectation we had previously. You’ll see us continue to drive more stores throughout the U.S. in addition to day part expansion, comp growth, and increasing margin expansion and return on capital across the system. We’re very pleased with what we’re seeing across new stores in the U.S. market.
Troy Alstead: Let me punctuate a comment Scott made, and that is that we are very, very bullish about the fourth quarter ahead, and about fiscal 2015. The targets we provided to you today that Scott’s outlined reflect another quarter ahead of us as we finish out fiscal 2014 of very, very strong top line growth and earnings growth, earnings per share growth, equal or better than what we just delivered in the third quarter. As we move into fiscal 2015 we’re once again committing to double digit revenue growth to earnings per share growth in that 15% to 20% range, which we have consistently delivered for years now. And we can reaffirm that we will keep, as Scott has articulated, investing back into the business to drive that growth, take care of our partners, to make investments to the future, to make sure that this trajectory that we’re on is sustainable. And we anticipate making those investments and delivering another fantastic year ahead.
Troy Alstead: And today, Evolution sits in over 12,000 points of distribution, whether it’s through our retail stores or down the aisle.
Troy Alstead: I want to add to Cliff’s comments, because it’s very important to step back and put several pieces together here. We just delivered a 7% comp growth in the U.S., across a huge system. Nobody with a system the size of this, with these volumes, at that age of portfolio, is delivering that kind of sustainable comp growth and driving margin expansion at the same time, while opening stores, while expanding our license footprint, and while expanding our CPG business in that same huge geography. And things such as drive-thru and all the effort that Cliff and his team have put into enhancing the drive-thru experience to improving the flow-through and the speed of the car stack, the experience of the customer through drive-thru, has contributed, over the last years, and certainly in this quarter we just reported, that very, very strong comp growth, just as has the investments we’ve made in food and beverage innovation, in the MSR program. What you’re seeing is the coming together of all these very strategic investments in the core of our business, and the brand, and the experience, and the product offering, and the channels of distribution, contributing to what is a world-class and quite a rare delivery of same-store sales growth through the big U.S. system.
Scott Maw: On the first part of that question, we make a number of investments across the business to make sure that we can continue to drive the growth that you saw in this quarter, and so far this year. And those include things that we’ve talked about before, around digital investments, technology investments, investments in our partners and in the stores, some of the things Howard talked about around innovation, around store design. All of that is an ongoing thing that’s there to some level every year. As we look forward to next year, there are some of those areas where we’ll go a little bit farther, where we see an opportunity to extend our lead. For example, in digital card and mobile. We see things that we can do there. We’re going to support that with the right level of investment. Obviously, the overall revenue growth is more than offsetting that. We’re still expanding margin. But we’ll continue to set aside that amount of investment as we see fit, as we go through time. We’ll be more specific as we get through the fourth quarter and finalize our operating plan. We’ll be able to sort of articulate a bit more about what those investments are. But that’s the general scope of what we’re talking about. And we do have, baked into the numbers that we’ve shown you, an increase in a leverage, particularly around cost of goods sold and working capital, which we’ve talked some about. So when you look at the target, every year we come out with a target for our supply chain organization. They’ve done a tremendous job of hitting those targets. But when we look at the targets that we’ve set for next year across a number of different factors, we’ve actually taken that up significantly, and that’s contributing to the overall range that we’ve provided.
Scott Maw: On the first part, obviously consolidated margin will expand, just given the relationship of revenue growth and overall EPS growth. We’re not going to give quite yet the individual business unit margin results. We’ll wrap up our annual operating plan over the next couple of months, and then the fourth quarter will be far more specific about what we expect by each business unit. As far as coffee goes, it’s a good question. So we have about 60% of our coffee needs price locked for next year. And those prices are roughly flat to this year, up perhaps a little bit. Where we actually end up for the year, we still think it will be roughly neutral, but it will depend on how we lock in that last 40%. So right now, we’re thinking neutral, perhaps up a little bit. If coffee prices come down, there may be an opportunity to ease that a bit.
Scott Maw: Yeah, I mean, where we’ve locked in is what it’s in line - where we end up with that, that last 40%, will determine how much we swing within that range. 
