Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Andy, this is Kevin. First of all, we saw growth in every day-part in the U.S. this last quarter. And Frappuccino contributed a bit of comp. So, from the weakness we had in Frappuccino in Q3, we saw positive contribution towards comp from Frappuccino in Q4.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, this is Kevin. First of all, the order consolidation impact has an impact on this as well. Keep in mind, this is 25% of transaction paid for with the mobile app. And so, with the order consolidation, you have customers actually doing more spend on the mobile app, but the number stays the same. And I think late in the quarter, we've seen that tick up 26%. So you have – the big contributor, though, was the order consolidation that impacted that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, I think the strength of the brand and the fact there's latent demand in these markets for Starbucks. And so, we're very thoughtful about where we locate these stores. And the teams have put together a number of tools and things to ensure we're being thoughtful about where we locate stores but when we locate them, there's demand for those stores that shows up very quickly. And it's not cannibalizing existing stores. And that just shows that there's more customers we can reach and if we're thoughtful about how we do it, it strengthens the brand and strengthens the connection with the customer.
Kevin R. Johnson: Let me just add to Mike's comments. Nicole, this is Kevin. The CPG business, in many ways, is about scale economics. And so certainly the more we're gaining share in the grocery and mass merchants that we sell to, the more efficient we are at delivering that product. So that's helping. Number two, I'll remind you that we renegotiated our agreement with Keurig and so we've got favorable K-Cup tolling fees which are also helping. So there's a variety of things that are contributing to that but I think the strength of the brand and the share gains that we continue to get for at-home coffee, Roast and Ground as well as K-Cup and establishing Starbucks as the number one share player in premium Roast and Ground and K-Cups is a big part of that.
Howard S. Schultz: Okay, all right. I guess if you're a lawyer, you're never supposed to ask a question you don't know the answer to, so I took a little risk there. But I think anyone who has seen the Roastery understands that in addition to it being the kind of coffee experience, it has really no peer in terms of any retail experience. But all along, we set out to build a new brand and that was Starbucks Reserve, with the understanding that we had an opportunity to elevate the core business and really take the brand and the coffee up to a new level. Now, many of us have seen this take place in other industries, the fashion industry, the automobile industry, I think a good analog is what Nike's been able to do with Air Jordan and that is build a profit center and a sub brand that unto itself is a growth engine and, as a result of that, shines a halo on the entire company. Now the Roastery itself has created the kind of retail experience that we are learning a great deal from. And the primary thing we're learning is that the Reserve bar, which in our parlance, that's the espresso bar and where all the coffee is made in multiple brewing methods, that has created excitement, interest, education, romance, theater, but it also has created the opportunity for us to provide our customers with a different coffee experience and, candidly, at a higher ticket. And so, we're taking learning from that and we're integrating that into existing and new Starbucks stores. Those are the four stores that opened in Manhattan. They've opened in Lake Forest, Illinois. They've opened in Japan and China. And what we're seeing is the core Starbucks customer is coming into the store, and as a result of seeing Reserve and getting educated, they're taking their cue from the Reserve bar and the presentation and they're moving over to the Reserve bar and now purchasing espresso-based beverages that are more exotic, different taste profile, higher ticket, and obviously that shines a halo on the Starbucks Experience. Now, the big opportunity, in addition to that, is we believe that given the fact that the Roastery is only going be in 10 markets, 20 markets, 30 markets over the next number of years, the question is how do we scale the Reserve brand and how do we make it more accessible to our customers? So we have been diligently working on a new store format and that new store format is Starbucks Reserve stores. And basically, if you can think about it this way, it's a 3,000 square foot store that has the design, the elegance, the materiality and all the romance without roasting in the store with artisanal food that we're bringing from Italy that we talked about in the last call, that's Princi. And those stores will begin opening in the second half of the year. So the Reserve brand, the pyramid starts with the Roastery. It goes to the Reserve store and then goes to the Reserve bar. As I said in my prepared remarks, we think that we're sitting on an opportunity to not only elevate the equity of the brand but drive incrementality in existing Starbucks stores and create a new growth platform for the company domestically and internationally. And, most importantly, take the company up. But the short answer to your first question is this is not in response to any so-called third wave coffee, this is in response to the fact that we have a customer base of almost 90 million strong. And we know that our customers have given us license and have the trust in us to elevate the experience, and the Roastery is a proof source that we're onto something that we can scale and create a national and a global footprint as a result of it. And the last piece of this is we're now selling Starbucks Reserve whole bean and ground coffee in existing Starbucks stores, and this is just the beginning of leveraging multiple channels of distribution under that brand.
Howard S. Schultz: John, I wish I was as smart as you might expect me to be. I mean I think we're asking ourselves the same questions that you have just posed. And also I think as we get around our table and we talk about the business, if you were in the room you'd hear us talking about the fact that we don't want to use weather and we don't want to use the uncertainty in the election as an excuse. But nevertheless, we are all trying to navigate through a difficult time. I mean I would label this time as just a high degree of uncertainty that obviously is domestically driven but has affected the rest of the world. John and I and Cliff just last week we're in China and Japan, and Cliff and I will be in Europe next week, and I think it's safe to say that wherever we have been, I don't think we've ever witnessed such concern about what could happen in the U.S. as a result of the election. And I think there's no question, as I speak to other retailers and other merchants both in and out of our sector, that there isn't one exception where everyone is experiencing, I think, a very unpredictable and erratic chain of events where it's very, very hard. I think what's equally hard, it's very hard to cut through all of the noise and try and get access to the customer and try and get your message out. So I think we've tried to be very disciplined and very thoughtful about how we spend our money, both in traditional advertising and social media, so that we are not in any way kind of getting caught into all of this. I think everyone is hoping that post the election, there will be a return to a natural state of affairs in terms of the consumer behavior. But I think there's another issue on the table that we have not yet discussed that I talked about three years ago, and that is the seismic shift in consumer traffic. I was talking to Fred Smith just a couple of weeks ago about his situation at FedEx and he shared with me a piece of research which showed a significant drop in foot traffic on Main Street and in malls, not only domestically and around the world, as a result of e-commerce, the Web, and what I'll loosely describe as the Amazon effect. As a result of that, you're certainly seeing large companies and small companies not only not open new stores, but announce closures. And let me just speak to that. I know this is a little long-winded but I think it's important. There's no doubt that over the next five years or so, we are going to see a dramatic level of retailers not be able to sustain their level of core business as a traditional bricks-and-mortar retailer, and their omni-channel approach is not going to be sustainable to maintain their cost of their infrastructure. And as a result of that, there's going to be tremendous amount of changes with regard to the retail landscape. We believe, as we look down that pipe and look at the future, that our ability to maintain our growth in terms of new stores domestically and internationally, coupled with the fact that Starbucks still maintains a very special place in terms of a sense of community, the third place environment, and people looking for and seeking out human contact and a place to go, that as these store closures occur, and they will, that we are going to be in a very unique position five years, 10 years down the road because there's going to be a lot less people competing for those customers. I'm not talking about the coffee category; I'm talking overall. But we are in the very, very early stages of a tremendous change in the bricks-and-mortar footprint of retailers domestically and internationally as a result of the sea change in how people are buying things, and that's going to have, I think, a negative effect on all of retail. But we believe that it's going to have ultimately a positive effect on the position that we occupy and the environment that we create in our stores. So short answer, I think we got to get through this uncertainty. We're playing the long game in everything we do and we're going to continue to do everything we can to win the hearts and minds of our customers and invest in our people, and really, I think, create a breakthrough innovation as a result of what we're doing with the Roastery and other things. And just one thing about the Roastery. As New York and Shanghai opened, for those of you who have seen Seattle, I'll tell you that Shanghai and New York will be 2.0 as good as Seattle is. Wait until you see what we're going to do in New York and Shanghai. I mean, it's going to change the company, the brand, and everything we do.
Howard S. Schultz: Can I add one thing? Without putting anyone on the defensive and recognizing this is like the third rail, I would just ask you to consider that for a company our size and the track record that we have had domestically and now internationally, and as Kevin said in his remarks, the fact that our business went up on our scale during this quarter in every day-part. And if you look at our history of trying to do everything we can to really add shareholder value in everything we do, to just try and just take a step back every now and then and recognize that comp store sales, although we all recognize its importance, is not the driving force of a company that did $20 billion in revenue and $4 billion in operating profit and is adding a store a day in China and is on its way to building one of the most recognized and admired brands in the world. And yet, we're so focused on something that, yes, it is important and it is strategic, but it is not everything. So just maybe every now and then recognize that we will have comps that will over-achieve and we'll have some comps that probably will disappoint. But we are here for the long game. This is a 24th year of our public life. The company had a market cap of $250 million at that point. It's at almost $80 billion today. And it's just the beginning. So maybe every now and then just recognize we're all in this together and comps is not the end all of everything.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thank you, John. Matt Ryan here. First of all, we see this as an enormous opportunity moving forward. We know that very few of our customers, relatively speaking, have become members. And that, to us, represents an enormous opportunity moving forward. What we do know is that when we are able to convert somebody into being a member of the program, we see tremendous incrementally as they join the program. And we continue to see that accelerate. Over the past few months, we have worked on successfully transitioning our program to a spend-based program, and we are now seeing the uptick in spend per member and engagement that we anticipated from the launch of the program. So we're completely on track and accelerating in that regard. Our next big opportunity moving forward, especially in the natural window that we have ahead of us in the next two quarters is to take advantage of the traffic we see, the card volume we do to convert even more people into Starbucks Rewards. And just on the topic of extending outside of Starbucks, it's never been our intention to have Starbucks Stars be used at other venues. But we are going to be giving customers the opportunity to earn Stars at other venues, starting with a partnership with Chase, which we previously announced.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. It's Matt Ryan here. Let me take a stab at trying to answer that. It's a little bit complex so bear with me here. What we are seeing is basically how we record the transactions of customers in our stores and what we had in the past, but we didn't necessarily have visibility to, are people or parties of people coming in and buying multiple items. We could predict and forecast based upon what we saw on a singular account, somebody coming in and buying something and then right away using the same account again to buy something else. And that accounted for about 1 point of, what we call, transaction splitting going away. But what we were able to see through the end of the second quarter, especially as people adjusted their habits, was that there was actually consolidation taking place between multiple accounts. And, of course, there would have been no way for us to see that before. But what we saw were multiple beverages being put on Starbucks Rewards accounts where they hadn't been put on there before. When you roll that all up together, what that means is we had two total points of what had been recorded on separate accounts before, now being consolidated onto a single account. So while the actual traffic wasn't any different, we're seeing consolidation of two points when you take both of those things into consideration.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Great. And as for the disruption, a couple of key things. I think we're through with anything you might characterize as disruption, but I want to be careful with what I mean there. Number one is that we saw no attrition from the so-called disadvantaged people. We studied this issue very carefully and tracked it all through the summer, and we did not see those people who are not earning Rewards as quickly diminish in any way within the program. The thing that we did want to see last quarter but which we saw this quarter was an acceleration in spend per member. So keep in mind that the reason why we did this was to able to have the lever not just of transaction but also of ticket. That didn't materialize in Q3 but did materialize in Q4. And we are seeing acceleration in the spending per member. So we're feeling very, very good about having come out of the program transition with very minimal collateral damage in any way and a good trajectory in front of us, especially as we lean into acquiring new members.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. Matt Ryan here. Very quickly on the percent of tender. So we see 33% of tender coming in from Starbucks Rewards across mobile and registered Cards. We see an additional 5% coming in from non-registered Cards. So between Card and the Starbucks Rewards program is at 38%. And mobile of course is at 25% right now.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, thanks, David. I think I would start with the fact that Howard covered around the environment that we're facing right now in many of our major markets around the globe. So the consumer remains under pressure in many places in Europe and Asia as well as here in the U.S., economic uncertainty around the overall consumer environment, around the election, that continues to weigh on our customers around the globe. And I think we can see that continuing as we get into 2017. And then I would point to the fact that the comparisons that we had over the last couple quarters have been particularly difficult and impacted our comps that we reported in Q3 and Q4. And those comparisons, if anything, they get a little bit tougher as you get into Q1 and certainly stay as tough in Q2. So that weighs into the guidance. And then the third thing, perhaps the most important thing is, we do have a number of initiatives that we'll be rolling out and accelerating over the course of the year. And we're going to spend a lot of time talk about this during Investor Day, but they include innovation around store development and store design, even beyond what Howard's talking about in Reserve focused stores. But as we go through a pretty significant cycle of remodels, we see ways to do those remodels to both improve the customer experience as well as our partner experience and productivity. When you get on the digital front, Kevin talked about some of this, but we just launched Favorites from an item standpoint and from a store standpoint. I'm sure John you've used the Favorite stores. It's so much easier if you're in a dense, urban area that to pick among your stores and save them and quickly get what you want. Same thing with Favorite items for highly customized beverages. So that's just rolling out. And over the next couple of quarters, we'll get to suggested selling, where as the customers building their order in the app, we'll be able to make relevant product suggestions to them. So that's all coming. Then product and food or food and beverage innovation is coming. Kevin talked about holiday. As we get into the new calendar year, there's a number of things that we'll talk about on the food side that we'll sample at Investor Day. So I think as we look into calendar year 2017, there's a number of things that make us a bit more optimistic that we might be able to get in the middle of that mid-single-digit range versus I think the first six months or so it will be towards the lower-end of that range.
Scott Harlan Maw: I'd just add one thing to what Matt said. We started to see that in beverage attach, so as we got into the summer we had the point that we expected but when we looked at beverage attach that really started to increase significantly and that's when we knew that multiple accounts were putting beverages on a single transaction where they were splitting it before.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks, Jason. I'll take the first couple and then I'll pass it over to Matt. The $250 million is incremental, so it would be on top of the $160 million. And then we see coffee a little bit favorable year-over-year. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's pretty much offset by slightly negative foreign exchange impact.
Scott Harlan Maw: That's the easiest part. Mid-single-digits is 4% to 6%. I think what I would say, Jeffrey, as we started the quarter, we guided really on Americas to get to a 5% comp, and we got there. Obviously, as you know, and it's the nature of your question, the U.S. business is the biggest piece of that. What I would say is, with the Americas at 5% and the U.S. at 6% and minus 1%, it gives you an indication of exactly how close we were to 5% in the U.S. I don't want to split hairs. I'd much rather have a 5%. But clearly comps accelerated both in the U.S. and Americas from the third quarter and I think we feel pretty good about that, given the environment. Kevin talked a little bit about what drove some of that acceleration. We had a really good summer around innovation including limited time offers, Teavana Iced Tea, we had a pretty good quarter in food and Frappuccino recovered a bit and helped us as well. So while we didn't quite get to 5% in the U.S., it was pretty close. And I think as we look forward, I think mid-single-digit comps, if you look at the U.S. comp in the first quarter, it's 9% and the global comp is 8%. And so I think it's just prudent for us to say there's a range in mid-single-digit comps for a reason. And I think in the first half with those types of compares and the backdrop we have, I think we're just thinking we're going to be at the lower-end of that range. And, of course, as always if we can beat it, we will.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, thanks for the question, Matt. I'll give it a shot. I think if you go back five years ago or so into the mid-2000s when we were opening our highest number of stores, most of those stores were company-owned stores in the U.S. I want to say it was something like 80%. And now you look at where we're opening our stores today with 60% of those stores coming in markets outside of the U.S., two-thirds of those stores are licensed stores. And even end markets like China and the U.S. where we're opening significant numbers of company-owned stores, we're using different formats as we go into markets. And so, drive-thrus remain well over 50% of our stores. So we're going into different real estate than we were back then. We have smaller footprint stores. We have the larger footprint stores including Reserve bars that Howard talked about. So the toolset that we're using as we build stores out, both from a product offering standpoint with Reserve and flexibility for our customers with drive-thrus in international markets really helps us gain confidence with our store growth.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, the vast majority of the increase in cash is due to the core operating cash flow of the business. So that's a good thing.
John Winchester Culver: Yeah, I just want to add one thing, Joe. This is John Culver. What we saw in China and what we're seeing in the U.S. is really the enablement of the partner and customer connection, really come to life in a very special and unique way. And it really played out for us very clearly in China by the fact that a lot of the Chinese consumers didn't have a lot of education around coffee, and didn't have a lot of education around brewing methods, espresso-based beverages. And it's interesting to see in China how the customers gather around the bar, basically pull out their cell phones, take pictures, take videos and really we are educating customers one at a time in China around great tasting coffee and a great experience that Starbucks is able to provide. You walk into New York City, we were there a couple weeks ago with Howard, and we saw firsthand a similar type of experience from the standpoint of the number of people sitting at the bar, wanting to interact with the baristas and really wanting to understand the various brewing methods. And it's really something that really elevates the experience, and the customer response has been incredible, number one. And even the partner engagement around this has been remarkable as well. So we're very positive and optimistic about what the future has for this for us.
John Winchester Culver: Okay. Karen, this is John. Just real quick on China. Again, very optimistic about where we sit in the marketplace. We delivered a 6% comp in the market, far above any of our peer set in that environment over there. What we are seeing across China is just very strong acceptance for the Starbucks brand. You look at the number of customers that we're attracting into our stores. Our brand has never been stronger. And the customer engagement has never been stronger as well. So we're increasing frequency of existing customers, and we continue to attract new customers. What you saw in Q4 was very similar to what we saw last Q4. Last Q4, last year we delivered a 6%. This quarter we delivered a 6% as well. There is some seasonality going from Q3 to Q4. We've seen that historically play out in China. I don't think you need to read anything into it other than the fact that our business there remains strong. We had record openings in terms of stores in the quarter in China, opening over 200 stores in the market. Our new store performance is the strongest it's ever been. Our average unit volumes, our return on investment, and our overall store level profitability remains best-in-class within the company. So very optimistic again about China and the opportunity that we have there to continue to grow. And the investments we're making on our people and the infrastructure are critical to the success going forward.
John Winchester Culver: Yeah, and I would just add that going back to what we learned during the transformation in 2007 and 2008, we've put in all new processes and all new ways in which we're evaluating real estate, evaluating new stores, monitoring the progress and making sure that they are in fact meeting the customer demand that's out there, the latent demand that Kevin spoke about. In addition, I would also say that the level of innovation from a product standpoint that we're bringing into our stores has never been stronger. And so you look at Cold Brew, you look at Nitro, you look at Teavana, you look at some of the food gains that we've had. We continue to innovate and then add in the digital footprint and being relevant to our customers from a digital standpoint. We are engaging our customers more now than we ever have, and the stores or that place where they come for their favorite Starbucks beverage each and every day.
