Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Hey, John, thanks for the question. On the first part, yes, it is inclusive of the amortization of the revenue and as far as the 35 basis points this year and the 100 basis points over three years that is a net number. So there will be investments that happen within that, but that's a net number you'll see come out of the P&L.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Hey, Sara. Thanks for the question. It's Scott. So margin came in about where we would expect it with the comp growth that we had. We did see, if you take out the partner and digital investments that we did in the back half of the year from the tax savings, we did see the best margin performance that we'd had all year for any quarter. So if you back those out, margin was down just slightly and as you know, we've seen – and I'm talking about in Americas, we've seen the Americas margin down quite significantly particularly in the first half of the year before those investments. But as we came through the fourth quarter and you remove those incremental tax related partner and digital investments, margin performance was actually the strongest for the year. And maybe I'll have John handle the second part of the question.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, what we said is, if we can do a 3% comp with some transaction growth within that, we can drive margin expansion. And so the things that Roz is doing in the middle of the P&L, the things that she's doing from a store operations efficiency standpoint, things on waste, and even with that labor investment, if we can do a 3% comp with a little bit of transaction growth in there then we can drive margin expansion in the Americas.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I'll let Roz answer the question on U.S. comp thing. I'll just mention though, too, you asked about October and I think Scott and I had said on the last call, we don't think it's helpful to be doing intra-quarter discussions. So, we'll stay away from that question. But Ros can shed some light on the Q4 performance on comp.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I think – this is Kevin, I just want to add to John's comments as he commented on competition in China. And things that I think apply globally. The fact is that there is a large and growing addressable market around all things coffee. And as a company, we've been in this business for 47 plus years and built one of the world's most admired and trusted brands. And we've built that by delivering premium products and a premium experience in our stores. And that remains true today, the third place experience. And even as we've extended that to meet the need state of convenience, we work to do that in a way that is accretive to the brand and accretive to the experience in our stores. So as John and Belinda and team have been working on delivery with Ele.me for example, we've integrated that fully into the operation of our stores so that we can create a great experience. But I think our ability to continue to differentiate as a brand that has a premium set of products, creates a premium experience in our stores, and is able to deliver custom hand-crafted beverages at scale, that is the formula that we're going to continue to stick to. And our investment in things like Starbucks Reserve Roastery is a brand amplifier. The partnership with Nestlé is a growth agenda, but it too is a brand amplifier as Nestlé brings our coffee and tea products to CPG and food services. So we're going to stick to what got us to this point and the things that we think are defensible differentiators in the market and things that we do well and that will serve us well for the long-term in every market around the world.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Singles' Day. Okay. So for the delivery opportunity, first off, we're still quantifying exactly what that upside is going to be, but we do obviously expect incremental upside. Initial reaction that we're seeing from customers is very positive, so we are seeing some transaction lift, but it's still too early to call exactly what that looks like. And we'll have more details as we get into the Investor Day and sharing those details of what the roll-out looks like. We've gone through and we've renovated and innovated around all the packaging that we have going on out on delivery and really creating a unique Starbucks Delivers experience for customers in the marketplace. So we're very optimistic about the opportunity on delivery. And it will be delivery unlike any other competitor is doing in the market. So more details to follow on that as part of Investor Day. And then in terms of November 11, we always see a big day on November 11 as a company. We build that into our forecast, and that's built into the overall guidance that we put in place as we look through the year. But we expect it to be a big day.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Well, thank you all for joining us today. I did want to mention that we really look forward to seeing you at our December 13 Investor Conference in New York City. Today we spoke a little bit about the Starbucks Reserve roasteries, and we opened a beautiful Reserve Roastery in Milan, Italy last quarter. And so as part of the December 13 Investor Conference, for those of you who can attend, we would like to invite you to an exclusive preopening tour of the next Starbucks Reserve Roastery that will open in New York City. And then we look forward to hosting you all that afternoon for the Investor Conference. So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to seeing you next month.
Rosalind G. Brewer: Yes so, let's – Jeff, let me see if I can break that down for you. So first of all, we did grow revenue 8% in the quarter. We continue to see strong growth in our new store contribution with new and non-comp stores accounting for about 4 points of revenue growth. Really highlighted in there from the beverage innovation that I alluded to, beverage contributed about 3 points of the 4 points of the comp growth with the strongest performance throughout the year hitting in the fourth quarter. A lot of that is based on the performance we're seeing in our cold platform and that cold platform is our Nitro, our Refreshers, in addition to Cold Brew and then Cold Foam. And so we're seeing it come through in our cold beverages. And then the question that you had around the afternoons, if we're seeing some improvement there, I will tell you that when we removed some of the tasks that are happening in the stores to get the stores more efficient, we freed up time for the partners to interact with customers throughout that afternoon daypart, moving some of that, the routine tasks to closing freed up time for them to interact. And so we're seeing some nice movement between our customer connection stores and we know ultimately that relates to increased frequency and traffic. So we're encouraged by those things. You'll continue to hear us talk about beverage innovation because that's where we see our greatest push from transaction growth.
Rosalind G. Brewer: Yeah, I'm actually going to start with your 2019 question around do we plan to drive with price in 2019? And actually, we have loaded in the plan just like we did in fiscal year 2018 about 1 point to 2 points of price. So we're going to stay pretty stable. We address that throughout the year – no particular beverage or food item or geography. We just balance it throughout the year. So no change there. When we think about what's happening in terms of what got our movement in fiscal year 2018, it's a little bit of movement on what we're getting from our Starbucks Rewards members, and then it is the combination of looking at our Blended business and just supplementing that with the new cold platform. So it's an and equation for our Beverage business. We're seeing nice food attached on our ticket as well, and as you know, our Breakfast business tends to do well for us, our hot sandwiches. Sous vide egg bites are growing nicely for us, and then the premiumization of frappuccino actually helped us as we transitioned to that in the second half of the year. So it's a combination of things. It gets back to our strategic points of focusing on beverage innovation, continuing to drive our digital relationship with our customers, our Starbucks Rewards customers, and then just running the business through maintaining price at the 1 point to 2 points throughout the year.
Rosalind G. Brewer: So the question on PSL. So we saw a nice sharp turn on PSL coming out of the season. We did something different with PSL this season. We really hit social media with it this time. As we've been talking about really getting behind the marketing of the brand and the marketing of the product and focusing on what our customers expect of us, PSL was one of those tried and true. So it came out of the gate strong and fast, signaled the quarter, the fall season so we were pleased. And it did a nice job for us through the quarter.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, David, I think that overall, first off, we're very pleased with the growth we saw in China in the quarter and for the year. So when you look at it in total, revenue growth across China grew 19% ex any of the equity or FX variables. And for the year, revenues grew 21%. So very strong growth across the market. The majority of the growth, as we've shared previously, is being driven by the new stores and non-comp stores. So we continue to double down and accelerate growth on new stores. And we opened 585 stores last year, a total of 139 in the quarter and we opened five new cities. We also as part of that then look at total transaction growth across the market, and as I shared, we saw total transactions grow in the double-digit range for the quarter, which indicates the fact that we continue to attract the existing customers frequency into the stores as well as new customers into the stores as we open stores. Then you couple all that with the work that we did around product and around innovation and I talked a little bit about Coffee Meets Ice Cream, the roll-out that we've seen there, that had a – contributed about 2 points of comp contribution to us. We also saw a strong uptick on Cold Foam and then also food. Food we saw strong uptick as well given the investments that we're making across bakery and some of the other holiday food items. Now all the performance that you saw in the quarter put aside the delivery opportunity that we have with Alibaba. As we shared, we announced the deal in August. We were just getting it rolled out in the month of September and so there is really no meaningful impact with delivery on the quarter. So we feel that the momentum that we have coming through the quarter and seeing the sequential improvement in comp, we will continue to see gains in comp as we work through the year. It will moderate in the first half of the year and it will accelerate in the back half of the year as we get delivery fully rolled out and as we continue to build out the new stores as well as continue to drive digital engagements with our customers.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, Sara, on the margins, as it relates to China and the investments we're making. So we continue to make investments in our business in China as we continue to build on the foundation for growth, whether that is in IT, whether that is in supply chain, and more importantly around our partnership with Alibaba and the investments we need to make there. And then you couple that with the investments that we continue to make in our partner base and making sure that we continue to elevate Starbucks as an employer of choice in the market. All those puts and takes within China lead us to a CAP margin that Scott guided to which would be roughly flat on a year-over-year basis. So we're able to absorb all those investments within the total CAP business and keep margin relatively stable on a year-over-year basis.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, Gregory. First off, let me just comment on the competitive environment because I know there's a lot of press that's out there and a lot of questions. I think what we're seeing in China is that the competitive environment reflects the opportunity the market presents and the opportunity to continue to grow. And, obviously, Starbucks has been at the forefront over the last 20 years of building out a very strong coffee culture based on the premium position that we've been able to achieve, as well as the experience that we provide our customers. We welcome all competitors and the market is going to continue to be competitive. At the same time, I would say that we are leading in many different ways given our brand and given the experience that we provide. We lead in the areas of product innovation. We lead in overall quality of the products that we serve. We obviously lead in terms of the service experience and that third place experience that our partners provide. And we lead in terms of the third place with the designs of our stores. All those things are not able to be replicated by the competition. You couple all that together with the elevation of our brand with the Roastery and the Reserve stores that we're opening and we are definitely building a very premium position in the market. Now you add in the opportunity that we see with delivery and the opportunity that that gives us to extend our brand outside of our stores to where our customers desire Starbucks the most based on the need state of convenience, then you couple in the opportunity that we see with the Global Coffee Alliance with Nestlé in China, with the Nespresso platform, with packaged coffee, with our RTD partner with Tingyi. All these things add together to build a very holistic opportunity that is unique to Starbucks and that cannot be replicated in the market by the competitors. So we feel as though we're in a very strong position to take on the competition, but at the same time, we remain focused on the long term and we remain focused on the strategy that we put into place.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think the big headline was that we saw tremendous growth in the membership this quarter, and it's typically a quarter in the year when we don't see that. We tend to see – because of seasonality see a reduction. So up 15% year on year at the end of the year to 15.3 million members, and we had a few things contribute to that. One is these digital relationships we've been talking about. We've begun to see conversion of those members into Starbucks Rewards members which is tremendously helpful. We've removed some of the friction in the funnel as well too, getting people into the program more easily, and just focusing on membership. We continue to see year on year growth in spend per member. That is in the single digit range, again, and we're very optimistic about that because that shows that our members are in fact engaging, even the ones we've had for a long time. So we're very, very pleased with growth there and are looking forward to expanding the program and leveraging more of those digital relationships we have during the course of the next year.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thanks, Karen. I would just say that our journey with these customers has just begun. While we have as – brought in a tremendous number, millions and millions of new digital relationships, we've only now just begun to use those relationships. Some of it is in programs like Happy Hour, where we're using those relationships to bring people in across the year, and we're seeing that perform better year on year than the past way of treating Happy Hour, both in terms of revenue and profitability. But more important, we have to think of it as the top of the funnel; an enabler of the relationships that we can create that lead people eventually into the Starbucks rewards program. So we expect to see that continue to contribute to incrementality but over time. It's not something that we would hang our hat on just yet. We're moving in that direction.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, again, I think that we have begun to build an opportunity for us, and we have not yet gotten to where we want to go. So we're just beginning to send offers to this group of people. We have not yet begun to personalize and that's something we expect to do later this year. It's going to take us time to feel confident, attributing how much business comes from any particular segment of customers but we are very, very encouraged by the responsiveness we see to people who commit to a digital relationship. Remember that we're not in the business of creating digital relationships for digital relationship's sake. They're an enabler for us to communicate and talk to our customers. It is a way that we go to market. And by building that capability, it allows us to be less reliant on media and to be more reliant on customers pulling information from us in the future. And we're going to use all the toolbox that we've built with our SR customers with those customers over time, but it's not something you turn on all at once. It's something that's a journey for us and we're going to continue to go down that pathway.
