Howard D. Schultz: Troy, thank you, before moving to the Q&A I'd like to share a few final thoughts. As I said at the outset, 2011 was an extraordinary year for Starbucks at every level. The Starbucks Experience has never been better, or profits have never been higher, our balance sheet has never been stronger and our brand has never been healthier and our connection to customers and their trust in us has never been greater. This week approximately 60 million customers will visit us and that's just an unbelievable number when you consider where we have come from 1987, 11 stores, 100 employees and today, 17,000 stores in 55 countries. We have purchased coffee and hundreds of products from vendors around the globe. Over 200,000 people who wear a green apron or support someone who does everyday. Starbucks is in every sense a global company.  Today the world is our community and Starbucks will always give back to the communities we serve. 40 years ago we set out to build a new kind of company one that strikes a delicate balance between profit and a social conscience. Striking that delicate balance remains the cornerstone of company today. Today, the world is facing one of the most challenging issues of our time, chronic high unemployment, a demoralizing and unacceptable condition, unless reversed will scar generations to come. We're doing what we can by having added approximately 3,700 net new jobs in fiscal 2011. And we plan to add approximately 12,500 net new jobs around the world in 2012.  We're also accelerating design and development of a new manufacturing plant here at home. But we have more to do. I've made no secret of my belief that American business leaders need to step up and address the jobs crisis head on before an entire generation is lost to hopelessness and despair. The lifeblood and engine for employment in our country has always been small entrepreneurial small businesses. Yet while small businesses have the greatest need for credit, for many reasons, today they're having greatest difficulty obtaining them. On November 1, Starbucks launched a program in partnership with the Opportunity Finance Network, in which concerned citizens could donate as little as $5 to help restart the jobs engine. Americans helping Americans get back to work. The Starbucks Foundation seeded the program with a $5 million donation and we hope other like-minded companies will do what they can to create and sustain as many jobs as possible. It's right for our business, it's right for our communities and it's right for country. Starbucks today is executing across all channels and around the world and we have never been better-positioned to go hard and go fast after the tremendous global opportunity that lies ahead in 2012 and beyond. In 40 years there has never been a more exciting or exhilarating time to be at Starbucks. Thank you.
Howard D. Schultz: What I would say is, first of all, in terms of the technology in our U.S. stores, we have, as you mentioned, made significant investments into the stores: Point of sale; inventory management for the first time in our history; we are working on a new labor scheduling tool, which will come later this year; all of which are about improving the aspects of our partners lives and our stores, making the customer experience better. And ultimately, we believe all will contribute to financial results. Now there is a period of time in which we learn to really optimize all of that technology. And I would suggest that even the aggressive targets we've established for 2012 don't yet really begin to reflect the upside we think will ultimately come from those tools. I think the improvement that we would expect to see meaningfully across the system perhaps begins in 2012, but I would suggest becomes more visible really as we move into 2013 and beyond. Now what I would comment on in terms of Europe is, yes, there are a number of things that we have brought to bear in the U.S. over the past 2 years that are right now being brought to bear in whatever relative forms they are across Europe. Some of that will be technology, much of it will be operational procedures and stores, much of it will be consumer-facing kinds of activities that we think across-the-board will help us drive improvement in our EMEA business. And I would just point out that we believe we're seeing that improvement now the strongest margin improvement of any of our regions in 2012 is projected to be in EMEA and granted that's coming from a low place. But we're doing what we need to do to drive that forward. 2 or 3 years ago we had a total international business that sat with operating margins in the mid-single digits and we targeted at that point that we had a path to get to mid-upper teens. We're well on that path now and almost there, in fact. We now have the same plan in place for EMEA as a specific region, where we fully intend to do what we need to do in that region, giving opportunities we see there to move from the mid-single digits now, following to double-digit and into the mid-teens in the years ahead. So we're well on that path and we're comfortable that we have a plan to get there.
Howard D. Schultz: I'm going to ask Jeff Hansberry, the President of our Consumer Products Group, also called our Channel Development team, to answer that question for you.
Howard D. Schultz: Yes, I never think there's one thing that drives this kind of revenue and obviously comp store sales. When you look at the backdrop of the economy against our numbers or the other retailers that did not perform as well the last few months, it's really a stunning result. I think we demonstrated a number of things not the least of which is just operational excellence, speed of service. I wouldn't dismiss the loyalty program as well as mobile because it's attracted lots more customers. I think the value proposition of us being able to integrate value into our premium pricing with Starbucks rewards program is another example. And I think we've extended day parts in a number of areas, not the least of which is what's happened with food and lunch. And I think what was said about Health & Wellness with regard to the Bistro Box is just the beginning of I think the trust that people have in the Starbucks brand and our ability to extend Starbucks products beyond coffee. And I think what really surprised us during the quarter, was Pumpkin Spice Latte, which is a product we've had many years before, to have a 40% increase is just an unbelievable number. And I think all of the questions and perhaps the cynics of a couple of years ago that believed that when McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts entered the space, they were going to have a destructive effect on Starbucks has proven to be not only not the case, but I think the more money that's been spent against the category has helped Starbucks create awareness, new customers and obviously distance between them and us. So it's not one thing. I give a lot of credit to Cliff and his field team. And I think it gives us great momentum going into the year and I think what we're most proud of is being able to put these numbers up against unbelievable significant headwinds not only about the economy but commodity costs.
Howard D. Schultz: Let me add one more thing about China that I think is important that is not really seen in the numbers. It's 2 things. One, the success we're having in secondary and tertiary cities is equaling or surpassing the success we've had in Shanghai and Beijing. So that gives us great optimism. The second thing is that the customer base in China today is very different than it was 12 or 5 years ago when we first opened. And that is, the customers we have today are primarily Chinese nationals. It's no longer ex-pats or American tourists, which bodes so well for the future and opportunity we have in terms of how the brand is recognized and how the brand is trusted.
Howard D. Schultz: Let me try and answer that. I think it's an appropriate question and one that I think we've asked ourselves. But I think in order to answer it I want to bring some texture. In 2008, 2009, when we were dealing with the cataclysmic financial crisis and navigating through our own self-induced mistakes that we had to own up to, I think the transformation of the company was twofold: One, it was consumer-facing in developing new ways to provide operational excellence and innovation. But I think we also developed significant new disciplines and muscle memory into the company in order to create not only a new organizational structure but a new way to operate the business. And when I say in my remarks that the company is healthier from a financial perspective, that's one thing. We're also healthier in terms of the talent that has come into the company and the organizational proficiency that we've created over the last 2, 3 years in order to navigate through both the downturn in the economy. Most importantly, I think great companies build and take market share during downturns in the economy. I think right now, our approach is to leverage the unique assets that Starbucks has that we think is quite unique and maybe something that no other company has, and that is the ability to create multiple channels of distribution leveraging the equity of the brand and our ability to introduce products and sub-brands into our stores. So we don't view it as something new to us or more than any other time before. What we look at is opportunities that we have that we think are well within our reach in terms of the organizational talent and capabilities and market opportunities to do things that haven't been done before. If you look at VIA, you look at Blonde, you look at K-Cups, all 3 of those categories are within our core business and that's coffee. All we're doing is bringing innovation and new channels of distribution. If you look at International, we've been in the International business since 1996 and the core expansion for the company, the core target and prize is China. We've been there 12 years and we've got a super team that is Chinese nationals that we believe that are in place in order to really grow that business. And when you look at the retail business, this is something we've been doing for 40 years. We've just gotten better at it and we've learned through the innovation of new stores, new designs and new formats that we can create incremental revenue, incremental profit. And we also think this is a time that we are deeply committed to creating separation and distance between ourselves and everyone else in our space. And then you couple that with the innovation in terms of technology that we're bringing both to the Card program and mobility. If you look at just the last 6 months, we have done more revenue and more transactions on smartphones than any other brand in America. And we're going to take full advantage of the connectivity through the channels distribution in the technology and the opportunity that we have overseas. I will say and just in closing because it's a little long-winded, that we were humbled by what happened in the past. And I personally and I speak for everyone on the team, we're not going to allow ever again at Starbucks for growth to cover up mistakes. We're not going to have unbridled growth that is turned into a strategy as opposed to a purpose. And the kind of growth we're talking about is 10% growth but it's a new kind of growth. It's a new blueprint for growth leveraging new channels of distribution and we have at our fingertips multiple billion-dollar businesses: K-Cups, Starbucks VIA, Starbucks Blonde Roast and obviously we're in the early nascent stages of International and specifically China.
Jeffery J. Hansberry: Keith as we look at the premium single cup space as both Troy and Howard mentioned, it's growing significantly. And so as we enter the K-Cups space and as we continue to expand the VIA space, we will, in rough terms, triple or more the number of SKUs that we have in that space. So in rough terms, in 2011, toward mid-2011 I want to say we have roughly 5 VIA SKUs. We've added several new VIA SKUs to include House Blend and Breakfast Blend. We've also launched as of November 1, 7 K-Cup SKUs, 5 in the Starbucks brand, 2 in the Tazo Tea brand. So we have seen a significant increase in our number of SKUs. But importantly, we have seen a significant increase in our space on the shelf as the retailer is dedicating more and more space towards premium single cup. And importantly, they see the trend and we're seeing premium single cup represent 2/3 of the growth in the total premium coffee space and we're seeing the space allocation begin to reflect that. Also importantly, we see tremendous upside in premium single cup. Today about 8% of households have premium single cup machine in their homes. We expect that to increase significantly over the next, call it, 5 years doubling maybe even tripling. So we think there's a tremendous amount of run rate and a tremendous amount of room for us to grow through road VIA and K-Cups and other platforms that we will add over time.
Jeffery J. Hansberry: In terms of the price point, our frontline on K-Cups will be $1 per cup in grocery and mass outlets. With regard to going distribution, we expect to achieve 80% ACV distribution on K-Cups over time.
Jeffery J. Hansberry: Sara, so in terms of the base Packaged Coffee, we think the future is very bright for Packaged Coffee. We continue to see revenue growth on Packaged Coffee in the last quarter up 7%. As we move toward, the new Starbucks Blonde Roast, we are going to be serving a significant unmet segment where 40% of premium coffee consumers prefer a lighter roast and we're going to deliver a great product in a unique Starbucks way. In addition to that, we've got a fantastic package graphic upgrade that lands in January as well that will make it easier than ever for our customers to choose their preferred roast and blend of Starbucks coffee. As we go forward, we do expect some cannibalization as our K-Cup business continues to grow. But we expect that to be modest and we expect to continue to grow our Packaged Coffee business.
Jeffery J. Hansberry: We continually look at price and we have taken price of about 12% in 2011. At the same time however, we see tremendous upside and potential to grow the Starbucks brand. So we are working to maintain a price point that will continue to drive growth on the Starbucks brand. And again importantly, we're constantly looking at pricing. And we think we're in a very good spot right now.
Troy Alstead: I won't provide specific regional comp targets just yet. It's a bit early in the year for us to do that. But let me give you a little more texture on what we saw in Q4 because there's no question that'll help shape the thinking I think about how we enter 2012. So in the fourth quarter, obviously 10% same-store sales growth in the U.S. very, very strong. Asia Pacific growth was in the mid-20s, extremely strong. And growth in China, mainland China, same-store sales growth continues to be above that, in the 30s. So we clearly continue to have a business in China and Asia Pacific that is the tops in the world in terms of same-store sales growth. And we would expect that to some degree to continue. Now there's no question that 30-plus percent comp growth can't continue forever. I believe we firmly see very, very strong trends as we come through 2011 and enter 2012. I would make a comment about Canada specifically right now in the Americas. And that's because earlier in the year, we've spoken about Canada and U.K. together being a bit softer and averaging down our international same-store sales number. Canada in the fourth quarter really began to see an uptick for us. In fact, the fourth quarter comp growth for Canada was the strongest of the entire year for Canada. That's encouraging. We think that is a good sign of the efforts our Canadian team is making and what's ahead for us in 2012 there. But again, Europe continues to be a bit soft. I think that's reflective of the broader environment. We have a number of initiatives underway in terms of things that we brought to bear in other regions and markets in the world that are in progress of being put in place in Europe, new innovations. And that all gives us confidence that we have an opportunity to drive increased strength on both the top line and the bottom line in EMEA in the year ahead but no specific targets for you at this stage.
Troy Alstead: John, first on that CapEx, I'll answer that question. The answer is no, there's no CapEx that we need to dedicate towards K-Cups. We produce the coffee but that leverages significantly off of our current coffee roasting manufacturing plant. So no incremental capital for us to spend. And now I'll turn it to Jeff to answer the first part of your question.
Troy Alstead: Matt, first of all, with respect to China what you can infer is that our margins continue very strong, we're holding them at the high levels that they are at previously despite what is inflationary pressures on our P&L just as everybody else in China is facing. And the fact that we're able to overcome that very high labor inflation and other input cost inflation on that P&L and still deliver very high store-level margins and country-level margins even after G&A, which are also extremely strong. And I would expect that someday in the future, with a bit more scale, will be among the strongest we have in the world. So yes, China continues to be very healthy for us, the expansion of our top line same-store sales as well as bringing the various efficiencies and the supply chain and operations of our stores are helping us really overcome those inflationary pressures, and I'd expect that trend to continue for some time.
Troy Alstead: And it's important to add to that point, Matt, that our very, very strong same-store sales growth in China is driven by transactions. These are increased frequency new customers coming in to our stores. It's not driven by pricing and that gives us extreme confidence in our ability to keep driving more volumes to those stores and continue to drive what is a great return on capital in this expanding business in the years ahead. Now overall, international far and away, the commodity cost impact is the most meaningful part which you see happening in cost of goods. There's modest pressures in a few other places that we invest in, supply chain and some occupancy cost. But not extremely meaningful nor any trends that concern us there. Clearly, commodity cost across all of our businesses the pressure we're seeing is in cost of goods.
Troy Alstead: And to be clear, Joe, that 1,700 stores, as I think Howard mentioned, is in the U.S. We continue to put together our plan for how our learnings out of this U.S. renovation program and all the great things we've established from that in the past year or 2 as we accelerate the program, how that's applicable and how to more substantially apply some of that outside of the U.S. And so you'll see us develop those plans more meaningfully in the quarters ahead.
Troy Alstead: Well, the minor remodels are generally about maintaining a stream of excellence to the consumer. And so generally, when we initially justify the capital to invest in a store, we include life cycle capital over 10 years, including the minor refreshes that may happen. So we don't go into a minor refresh expecting an uplift. Now sometimes we see that, but that's not exactly what we aim for. The major remodels, particularly more recently where we've been more substantial in what we've done and some of the sites, Joe, that I think you've seen, do contribute. I'm not ready to extrapolate over a big portfolio of stores about what that could mean. We've seen very solid top line lift from some of these major remodels and renovations, and very good return on the incremental capital that we're spending to do that. So we're encouraged by it but I wouldn't yet say there's something there you can extrapolate across the whole system.
Troy Alstead: There's a lot there so I'll try to go through it and remember it as I can. In terms of how we expect International to progress towards a mid- to upper teens. As I mentioned earlier in my comments, China and Asia Pacific is already very, very strong as a region. And we expect over time, as we grow rapidly, to be able to maintain the current margin structure of that region largely somewhere in the 20s. It's got very strong store-level profitability. We don't have yet scale in China, so we know over time the country level margins in China should grow further for us. I would just point out also that there's an important contributor right now to our margin structure in the China and Asia Pacific region. We haven't said much it, and that's Japan. And much of that has to do with how we operate in Japan, which is a joint venture that we own 40% of. We do not consolidate the top line revenue of that business but it is our largest market in China and Asia Pacific, produces very significant profitability that we pick up 40% of that JV income. And also growth out of that license business, which comes with it. As a result, a very, very strong licensed margin that adds into the China and Asia Pacific margin structure. So the margins for in Asia is both about strength in China as we grow and it's also about the very, very strong healthy business in Japan, that's a license market for us today. In EMEA, that is the place in the world where we would expect the biggest increase over time from where we are today and that's given that, that market, that region is not where it should be today. And we have plans in place to move it north from the mid-single-digit that it's at now. Sometime in our future, and I've said this before, we would expect EMEA, given what we can see in terms of the opportunity, the plans we have in place to drive margin improvement over time, to progress, again this is over time, toward the mid-teens. And we think we have a very healthy path to get there and we have some countries already operating at that place that gives us confidence that we can do that. Again China and Asia Pacific, I would expect to be north of that well into the 20s, higher than what we see in the Americas. And then in the Americas, largely about the U.S. but importantly, in the future increasing contributions out of Canada, places like Brazil as we grow rapidly. I would also expect very, very strong healthy margin contribution there. So that contribution over time across those regions is how I would still be confident in us progressing towards that mid- to upper teens.
Troy Alstead: Yes, I think what I'd tell you about the U.K. is that, and we've said this throughout this year, that the U.K. has been relatively softer for us, consistent with other parts of Europe to some extent, than say what we've seen in the Americas in China Asia Pacific. In the fourth quarter that continued. U.K. is positive, it is growing, we have positive same-store sales growth. But it is somewhat lower than what we see, for example, now in Canada and clearly lower than what we have in the U.S. And again I think that is reflective to a large degree of the environment there. We expect, as we move into 2012 given the number of innovations we have lined up for the U.K. and we're confident in our ability to capitalize on the prominence of the Olympics in London this coming summer that all those pieces together will help us drive a stronger same-store sales growth in the U.K. and continue to drive margin improvement in that region.
Troy Alstead: Let me speak, David, to the first part of it. And then I'll probably ask Jeff to speak a little bit to our pricing strategy and what we're doing there because I think that addresses the back part of your question. In terms of margin, the biggest margin hit, cost of goods hit from commodity cost, particularly coffee cost, is in our CPG segment. And that's largely because coffee cost are a bigger component of the cost structure in CPG than of course they are in our retail stores. And so our retail stores have more levers in the rest of the P&L to pull to help overcome that coffee cost and we've been able to do that as we -- despite the pressures we have faced over the past year, have improved margins in our stores. In the CPG channel however, we did see margin deterioration in the fourth quarter, very consistent with kind of margin deterioration we saw the third quarter, and that was completely due to coffee cost. Absent the coffee cost impact, we would have margins very consistent with previous year and very much on the pace of coffee costs [ph]. Now I would also just point out, even with the coffee costs that we're absorbing in CPG, it's an extremely healthy margin business, at plus 30% in the quarter we just ended and 25% or better in the year ahead that we see. So it's a very healthy margin business even with coffee costs where they are. I'll ask Jeff to speak a bit to pricing and your point about why we would accept any deterioration as a result of that.
