Kevin Johnson: Yes. Jeffery, thanks for the question. Let me share some thoughts and then I’ll hand it over to Belinda to comment a bit further. Jeffery, we’ve been in China now for over twenty years. And every step of the way we have built Starbucks in China for China. And the brand resonates with our customers in China.  So, I think that’s number one. Number two, we are in a market building mode right now. Most of our growth comes from the new stores that we open and the fact that the new stores that we have been opening are performing at some of the highest AUV levels prior generations gives us confidence that we are continuing to expand our reach and presence in China. I think those two things. Certainly, from a geopolitical standpoint, we’ve got businesses in 84 markets around the world. So we constantly deal with geopolitical situations and I’d say, there is not a geopolitical situation that has really impacted us in China over the last couple of years and I don’t really foresee that happening as long as we continue to stay focused on what we do and what we do well, which has created great experience for our customers in China. Take care of our Starbucks partners who proudly wear the Green Apron in China.  And we are bullish. We continue to invest, whether it’s the investment we are making in new stores, whether it’s the coffee innovation park, the first sustainable roasting plant that we are building in China, the work we are doing with coffee farmers in Yunnan and I’d sort of look at the – this navigating the – some of the implications of COVID as just being short-term.  And so, that’s why I kind of look at it as a very – from a very bullish perspective long-term. So let me hand it over to Belinda. Belinda, I’ll let you comment a bit further on Jeffery’s question. 
Kevin Johnson: And let me just sort of close, I know there has been a lot on the – written in the press about the cold weather that’s hit Brazil and the implications on the C price of coffee. And so, just to give you some context, on the increasing C price of coffee, you should know that over the years, we have created a very thoughtful approach to how we source, warehouse and use hedging techniques to ensure we always have supply of premium Arabica green coffee at an attractive cost basis.  In fact, we purchase green coffee 12 to 18 months in advance and we never stopped buying green coffee through the pandemic. So as a result, we currently have over 14 months of price-forward coverage, which means we have price locked on our coverage for the next 14 months, which gets us through the rest of fiscal year 2021 and most of fiscal year 2022.  And I think we may be the only large buyer of green coffee that uses this approach and that will serve us well, as it gives us a significant advantage relative to our competitors, who if they don’t buy this far in advance will certainly not have that cost structure that we put in place. And so, I just want to comment on that since it’s been in the press and kind of relates to your question, John, on inflation.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Sharon, this is Kevin. I’ll just remind you. I commented in my remarks that we are 80% through the Americas Trade Area Transformation, which is - as we get into fiscal year 2022, that puts us back on the front foot for net new store growth in North America and certainly Belinda and her team in China have already gotten there. So, that’s going to be very helpful as we go into FY 2022.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I mean, that’s the key point. You look at the fact that we’ve grown our active – 90-day active Starbucks Rewards Members significantly to over $24 million and where are we getting those active rewards members, they are coming from the non-rewards customers that return into our stores. So, I actually think the increase in non-rewards customers is going to be very helpful to continue to fuel that base of active rewards members.  We know that customers when they join Starbucks Rewards they spend more. There is more frequency and more engagement from those customers and that’s why you think over a multi-year period, we have this aspiration to double the number of active rewards members in North America. John, let me - I’ll let you comment a bit further if you have anything else to add on the U.S.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you all for joining us today. I think this quarter amplifies the fact that Starbucks is on the front foot and we are optimistic about the future. I think we are operating in a large and growing addressable market for coffee. And within that market is a shift to premium Arabica coffee and you combine that with the strength of the Starbucks brand, I think that creates the trifecta for a multi-year tailwind and this is just the beginning.  So, thank you for joining us today.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. Thank you. I just want to reiterate two quick points, one of which is, our double-digit EPS growth at scale that we’ve committed to, as you know is one of the key building blocks to that is our unit growth, as well as our comp growth. And so, unit growth in China continues to be important not only for this year, but for our long-term equation.  The other thing that I would point out is the guidance that we gave for Q4 on comp for international and China, it implies a sequential improvement on a two year basis from Q3 to Q4. But I think it’s important to show that we are continuing to be optimistic in showing continued momentum in the business for the remainder of this fiscal year. 
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. The way I’d think about it is, let me preempt a little bit of context is, in Q3, our margin was incredible. I mean, from a standpoint of both – across all of our markets, we saw margin expansion versus prior year and even against FY 2019. And a big driver of that was our sales leverage, as well as comping over COVID impacts broadly, pricing.  But it did help to offset some accelerated investments we’ve made in wage as well as inflationary pressures. We think about Q4, we would expect as we guided, we guided our margin to increase from 16.5% to 17.5% going to 18% for the balance of the year. So this shows our optimism and the continued momentum in the business.  But what caution us there is a slightly lower relative to the performance we saw in Q3 based on increasing cost that we see related to inflation as well as the continued investments that we need to make in our business. Those investments were critical to our recovery, but they are more important even foundationally for our growth.  And so, as we think about FY 2022, we are not going to provide guidance for FY 2022 today. That will be on our Q4 call. Give us time to complete our annual operating plan which we are in the process of right now. But if you think about that, some of what we guided at Investor Day from that growth in FY 2022 has been pulled forward into FY 2021.  But I want to be clear that we remain committed to double-digit EPS, non-GAAP EPS growth. So we are committed to that. When you think about that margin that we laid out at Investor Day, that 18% to 19%, that was up from 17% to 18% that we had guided previously. That accounted for the benefit that we are seeing from the investments we are making.  So just again reiterates the importance of those investments. And so, when we think about that guidance at Investor Day, what it allows us to do is modestly expand margin while continuing to invest. And again, we’ll provide further guidance on FY 2022 at our Q4 call. But that’s how I put it into perspective. 
Rachel Ruggeri: I just want to add a little further clarification around that. I mean, both good points from Belinda and John. What I would say is, broadly in the U.S. part of the function of our comp and our ticket going to 1% is just our year-over-year lap.  Our actual ticket continues to be at one of our highest levels and it’s our third consecutive quarter and we continue to see, as John mentioned, as we see more single beverage transactions, we expect our ticket to moderate, but we do believe that our ticket will remain elevated, slightly elevated compared to where – from a pre-pandemic level.  And drivers of that are the attach that John spoke about as well as the continued attach we see in food; our ability to continue to move customers to our cold beverages, which have a more premium price, in addition to our promotion offerings and our customization. Those are other ways that we are further evolving our ticket across the U.S. and Americas space. And what I want to just point out is that the margin that we are guiding to for the balance of the year increasing to 18%, again up from the 16.5% to 17% on a - 17.5% on a non-GAAP basis that we previously guided.  Part of that growth is really coming from an elevated ticket. It’s not the only thing, but it’s one of many and it continues to be one of many levers to help us support not only inflationary pressures and the headwinds that we have from that, but the continued investments that we need to make in our business. So it continues to be a critical part of our equation and it’s reflected in the guidance that we’ve provided.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. I think I’d start first with the inflationary pressures that we saw. So, in Q3, we had outstanding performance, but within that, we covered headwinds in the Americas business of about 70 basis points. And we expect headwinds related to rising cost and inflationary pressures to continue into Q4, which is reflected in the guidance that we’ve given.  Now, some of the ways that we not only offset headwinds such as inflation, but also the investments we are making are price. And we’ve always been very thoughtful and measured in the pricing actions we take, so that we don’t inhibit growth. And I would say our spread — our pricing strategy hasn’t fundamentally changed. We are very surgical in nature.  We look on a store-by-store basis and we leverage analytics and insights and importantly what our analytics and insights show is that we do have pricing power and we see that in the premiumization of our beverages, the gravitation towards our promotional offerings and this is our opportunity to be able to leverage price in those ways, which is one of the reasons why we talk about our ticket continuing to stay elevated, not at the rate that we have today, but a slightly elevated.  But pricing will be one as many levers that we use to offset these headwinds. For example, we will continue to drive customization with our customers, continue to drive our customers to our cold beverage offerings where we have a more premium nature, continue to drive a beverage and food attach when and where possible. Those are ways to continue have an elevated ticket.  So through pricing and elevated ticket we will also continue to look at efficiencies in our supply chain, as well as efficiencies in G&A. So this particular quarter, we saw our G&A returning to pre-pandemic levels and we’ll continue to find efficiencies in G&A over time with our goal to be able to grow G&A less than our revenue growth as another way. In addition to that, we are seeing benefit from trade area transformation. Our trade area transformation in the Americas and more broadly in the segment delivered almost 80 basis points on margin. That’s meaningful and so we continue as we’ve optimized that portfolio that’s yet another lever that we are using to help offset not only headwinds related to inflation, but also the investments that we know we need to make that are critical to our growth in the future.  And those are investments both in wages for our partners, as well as investments in our service experience and our throughput, as well as investments in digital initiatives. All those are critical for our growth in the future and really are fueling our - not only our recovery but will fuel the growth for years to come. So those are important investments for us broadly and those are the ways we think about how we’ll offset those increasing costs while still modestly expanding margins.
Rachel Ruggeri: We continue to see unit growth as a meaningful driver of our double-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. So we’ll remain committed to expanding stores both in our international markets, in our company-owned markets or licensed and company-owned. So that will be a continued driver of our growth even with the pressures that we are seeing in labor.  And today, we’ve, as Belinda mentioned, we are on track to open more than 600 stores in China. We’ve opened plus 500 stores in the Americas segment and broadly we’re going to open a net - 1,100 net new stores this fiscal year. So, still continuing to have meaningful growth in our stores not only this year but into next year. Now the details of what that growth will look like, again, we’ll have to come in Q4 when we provide in our Q4 earnings update when we provide more detailed guidance on FY 2022. But you can expect our unit growth continuing to be not only a driver of our earnings, but also as a critical part of our growth in the future.
Rachel Ruggeri: If I could add just one thing to that, what I would add is that, what we see is, we’ve raised our Q4 guidance for - if you look at the guidance we’ve given for Americas and U.S. in Q4, it implies that we are going to improve on a two-year basis on our comp from Q3 into Q4.  And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that’s implying about 11% to a 13% two year comp growth, which is above the 9% we saw in Americas this quarter on a two-year basis and above the 10% we saw in U.S.  The driver of that is really the fact that, in this quarter we saw our customer accounts, overall customer accounts in line with pre-pandemic levels FY 2019, but where we have opportunity is frequency. And so, that frequency is really what helps support our optimism and aligns with the guidance that we’ve provided in Q4.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Well, I think, David, just to clarify, we delivered a double - we delivered a 10% two year comp in the U.S. business, our largest market this quarter. That’s we’re incredibly proud of that performance. And even with that, we are guiding now to our two year comp from Q3 to Q4 showing sequential improvement.  So we are showing that we are expecting – we are implying that we’ll have improvement above the 10% and we’ve given a range of about 11% to 13% on a two-year basis. So that certainly reflects the momentum we’ve seen in the business and the momentum we are expecting as we see more customers returning to the stores.  As I mentioned, we had a very similar customer count, overall count in terms of this quarter versus pre-pandemic. But our opportunity really continues to be - we certainly have the ability to bring more customers in, but our opportunity is the frequency of those customers. We ended the quarter at about 90% of where we’ve been from a transaction standpoint prior to the pandemic, so in FY 2019 levels.  And that’s really our opportunity and we reflected that in the guidance we’ve given. But I’ll give it to John to add some further commentary on that.
Rachel Ruggeri: That’s right. And that’s why I would add that the investments we continue to make are critical. They are critical for our growth and they are critical for us to be able to continue to make it easier for our partners to serve our customers, as well as making it better for our partners overall.
John Culver: John, appreciate the question. It’s a great question. Let me give you a little context. We continue to see strong sales recovery in the rural and suburban areas of the business and in particular drive-thru where drive-thrus are most common. That is helping us to drive larger orders and a higher ticket. We saw record ticket in the quarter from an overall U.S. perspective.  Now we are also at the same time as the customers become more mobile and start coming back into the central business districts in the urban core, we did achieve a positive comp for the first time in that trade area since Q1 of FY 2020, which gives us even more optimism for the future recovery of the business.  Now, as that recovers in the central business district and urban and core, what we do expect is that the customers will begin frequenting those stores in those areas and as part of that, transactions will increase, but ticket will moderately decrease and it will balance itself out over time. We see great opportunity to continue to drive transactions in our stores right now, broadly across the U.S.’s business.  We are operating at about 90% of pre-COVID transaction levels. So we’ve got a lot of room to go to grow back to a more normalized rate pre-pandemic-wise as it relates to transactions. And as we do that, we do expect that ticket to moderately decline during that time.
John Culver: Yes. Chris, the one thing I would add to what Kevin is saying is the success of The Stars for Everyone program that we launched little over three quarters ago. It makes it easier for people to join the Starbucks Rewards program. It enables customers to make purchases by adding alternative payment options in addition to utilizing store value.  And really what we’re seeing there is that it helped to drive the 49% increase that we are seeing year-over-year in membership across broadly the Starbucks Reward program. To put that into context, we have added nearly 5 million, 90-day active members since the beginning of this fiscal year and what this has done is, driven a meaningful increase in the conversion rate for those who joined the Starbucks Rewards program.  And really while we are not seen a material shift from customers leaving the store value program to alternate payment methods, the vast majority of the customers who use these alternative payment methods are new or reengaged members that we’re tracking back into the program. So, going forward, we are going to continue to double down on both our rewards members, as well as our non-rewards members. We see that is as being highly accretive to driving frequency, as well as spend and we see this as being one of the biggest opportunities we have for the long-term program growth in attracting those occasional customers into our stores.
John Culver: Yes. Yes. Thanks for the question Dennis. Very excited to talk about this, because the U.S. team has done a remarkable job in terms of driving throughput and operational efficiencies overall. One of the big things to note is that we have returned to pre-pandemic levels in terms of our overall operating efficiencies within our stores. So, that’s very encouraging to see.  The other thing that we’ve done to drive productivity and operational efficiencies in the store, a couple of things. First, we significantly upgraded our play builder program, which allows us to be more effective in how we deploy our labor. We’ve also made good investments, strong investments in customer service training.  And if you look at it over the last 18 months or so, since COVID has hit, about 70%, roughly 70% of our partners have been hired in these last 18 months and they’ve been operating in this COVID restricted environment. So we are reinvesting now in the customer service training for our partners, as customers become more mobile and frequent in our stores. Now, in addition to the ongoing operations in our stores and partners are operating, we’ve also made equipment innovation investments as well that is driving throughput as well as efficiency. The strain in two espresso machines is a big investment that we are making. We have it deployed at 70% of our U.S. company-operated stores will complete the roll out in fiscal year 2022.  We’ve introduced a new warming oven, the Merrychef warming oven, which is an upgrade to our current ovens. That’s currently in 20% of our stores. It will be in 35% in the stores by the end of the fiscal year.  And then, with the success of cold beverages and in particular, Cold Brew, we’ve developed a proprietary Cold Brew system, brewing system through our Tryer Center, that’s currently in 2,000 U.S. stores and we’ll have in 75% of our stores by the end of the year. It makes brewing of the product more efficient. It is also a more efficient use of partner time and it fits within the back of the house. The other big thing that we’re rolling out which I am excited about and our supply chain team is worked with the operations team on is automated inventory ordering and this is a system that we have been testing. We just recently expanded the test.  We are now rolling it out at 1,500 stores this past week. It basically removes the inventory task from our store partners and allows them to focus on their customers and the customer experience. And we expect that this will be fully rolled out in all company-operated stores for food and merchandize items by the end of the calendar year.  And then, just one other thing that you asked about drive-thru. We are doing a lot of work on drive-thru and revolutionizing the drive-thru experience. So, really focusing on decreasing the out the window times for the drive-thru experience. We introduced new equipment and technology with handheld order points to target to improve the speed of service.  We’ve also introduced tech improvements to make the orders more easily managed through consolidation and hand-offs and we are going through and renovating about 150 constrained drive-thru stores to design a new engine, removing pace your cases or repositioning it and really dedicating the POS system to that drive-thru location.  And then we are not stopping there, we are continuing to innovate around when is the next evolution of the drive-thru store for our customers. So, lot of great work by the teams, broadly across the operations, store development, supply chain, and the technology team. So hats off to all of them.
John Culver: Yes. I think that we are very optimistic in terms of, number one, customers returning to our stores and our stores being ready with relevant innovation that resonates very strongly with our customers. And nowhere are we seeing that more than with cold, in cold beverages. As we shared record 74% of beverage sales in Q3 that’s 13 percentage points higher than what it was in the previous quarter.  And it’s important to note and Rachel mentioned this, but I just want to emphasize, cold beverages are generally ticket and margin accretive. So, how do we classify cold beverages? It’s Cold Brew, it’s Nitro Cold Brew, it’s Ice shaken espresso and it’s refreshers. And then, you couple those products with the ability to customize and personalize to the customers’ desires.  We’ve got a wide range of beverage options for customers that are both hot, as well as cold. And we are seeing meaningful growth in the customization of our beverages and the modifiers that people are adding to their products, such as espresso shots, Cold Foam, alternate dairy and really driving awareness of these personalized offerings and our customers are resonating with that.  So, we are very encouraged by what we are seeing. We are very optimistic. But we realize also at the same time that we’ve got to earn our customers’ trust, loyalty, and respect each and every day and our partners are doing yeoman’s work in terms of creating that great experience that customers have come to expect. So, congratulations to them.
