Howard Schultz: I think John as we indicated on the call, I think there’s a number of things going on with regard to the growth of the company. We still believe that there is a fair amount of growth domestically but we’re going to take the next 12 to 18 months to focus on refurbishing a significant amount of the portfolio given the fact that we see incrementality in some of the remodels that we’ve gone through already. But clearly, the lion’s share of the growth of the company on the long term basis is international retail stores and specifically looking at the core footprint today, that has to be Asia and the number one market is going to be China. When we were in China last week and we were talking to some of the journalists we also mentioned that there are two markets that we are not in that we are intrigued by and that’s India and Vietnam. But, in addition to that we now believe that we have a go to market strategy leveraging the retail footprint of our store base to go to the CPG channel in a unique way. What I mean by that specifically is I think VIA is a great case study for the outside world to kind of model in terms of what we’re capable of doing and that is introducing a new product or sub brand in our retail stores, gaining awareness, gaining trial and ultimately loyalty and as a result of that benefitting from the core base of customers using it, in this case VIA and then taking it to the grocery channel. The grocery channels are responding to VIA in a unique way and that is because of the margin opportunities and the momentum built in from our retail stores, it’s being embraced by that channel in a unique fashion unlike other new products. We think we can do that countless times domestically and we’re beginning to build a competency to do that internationally. So this is the beginning of leveraging our retail store footprint to benefit the CPG business and at the same time significantly focusing on the learning and transformation that we have gone through in the US and applying it with great rigor and discipline on our international business and taking advantage of the core business we now have in China that is profitable and the customer base is local Chinese which makes us very, very happy.
Howard Schultz: I’m going to anticipate a comment from someone about McDonalds so let me hit that first in terms of macro trends and the noise in the marketplace. First off, in terms of the economy and the issues we’re all facing I think there’s some evidence that consumer spending on the margin is better than its been but I don’t think any of us who are operating a consumer brand or a retail business is assuming that the economy is going to get much better. So I think the credit that we deserve is that the operational people of Starbucks, the marketing and all the efforts on a comprehensive basis are driving traffic in to the store because of the service levels and the fact that we are exceeding expectations around all things coffee and the brand. With regard to McDonalds, we certainly saw their numbers today and the things they’re saying about coffee. If they’re getting incrementality on coffee, they’re not getting it from us and the numbers speak for themselves. As we said last year when they spent a fair amount of advertising dollars, we benefitted from that because of the level of awareness that was created in the marketplace and the significant differentiation between our experience in the cup, in the store between they and us. On a go forward basis we feel very comfortable that we can operate and navigate through the headwinds of the economy at this point and we’re certainly feeling no effects from what McDonalds is doing or saying, it’s a non-factor. 
Howard Schultz: Let me try and take VIA first. Troy mentioned in his remarks that we believe we’re sitting on at least two new billion dollar new growth vehicles for the company, one is Seattle’s Best Coffee and the other is VIA. To frame the VIA opportunity and the size of the prize it’s a $23 billion global instant coffee and at home market with only $1 billion or so coming from North America. So the big opportunity is outside the US. Having said that, we’re not really competing with existing instant coffee, we are reinventing a existing category and changing behavior. We went in to VIA in our US retail business assuming that we would have some level of cannibalization. The truth is we have seen no cannibalization to VIA and in fact, all ships have risen around things for coffee at home. That’s been a big win for us.  What we’re seeing is that VIA is changing behavior because of the mobility of the product, being able to take it on the go and the fact that we went from two SKUs and added decafe which is almost 20% of the specialty coffee market overall and as I said in my remarks we are just getting started with VIA. VIA is not a product or a promotion, it is a significant new platform for the company which will have multiple varietals, multiple blends, multiple form factors and ubiquitous levels of distribution domestically and internationally. It will be a competitive environment but we’ve got the brand and most importantly we’ve cracked the code in terms of quality and being able to replicate the taste of coffee and we have our store base to be able to tell the story and sample the product. What we’ve decided internally though is we are no longer going to break VIA out in terms of its contribution to comps because of competitive issues. We just don’t want that information out. But, we can tell you it is driving incrementality, it’s not cannibalistic and it’s creating new behaviors and we think the best is yet to come because we’re just getting started with three SKUs and we only have it in existing retail stores. Within this quarter you’ll see it in 30,000 points of distribution supported by a major marketing campaign. With regard to China, I’ll just give it to John.
Howard Schultz: I don’t mean to in anyway try and evade the question but we’re not going to get in to what markets we might go in to next. There is a big, big prize outside of North America where solidable instant coffee is more than half of consumption in most of the markets outside of America, with quality of coffee that hasn’t really doesn’t taste like coffee so we’ve got a big opportunity.  I can’t get in to other form factors other than to tell you that we’ve been studying VIA for quite some time and we believe that we’ve got a big, big opportunity. If you look at what we have done in Japan in just a quick period of time, we used our retail stores in Japan to tell the story, to replicate the taste challenge. We have enormous press and interest and as a result of that be in a position to take advantage of the fact that that market is 80% instant with over 50 years of coffee that doesn’t taste like coffee. We’ve got the brand, we’ve got the story, we’ve got the national footprint in order to be able to execute a strategy that no one else could do. We can do that in many, many markets around the world. So you will see an array of product, an array of form factors as we believe we can take a significant share of a $23 billion category that has seen no innovation that is still growing. It’s just a very, very big opportunity for us.
Howard Schultz: We’re certainly well aware as the leading specialty coffee brand as to what’s going on around single serve and specifically at home and have had a watchful eye on what Green Mountain and Keurig have been able to do and they’ve done a fantastic job. We’re looking at this two ways, one we think that VIA has an interesting opportunity to position itself in a way against what Keurig is doing at home because there is no waste, there is no cost of equipment and you can take VIA anywhere and the quality of the coffee is significantly better and we’re going to have multiple SKUs and form factors that will create a portfolio of products. However, I think the market needs to stay tuned that we have every intention of understanding what single serve can be and we’re not going to just sit back and watch Green Mountain and Keurig march their way in to 20% to 30% household penetration without Starbucks doing anything. So, just stay tuned.
Clifford Burrows: As we open stores we always plan a phased refurbishment after five and then after 10 years depending on the details of the lease. What we are doing at this time is taking that opportunity to do a more comprehensive refresh certainly with the major refurbishments and as Howard said earlier, I think a great example is the total transformation we’ve made of Spring Street in Soho. To a similar or lesser degree, we are investing in our new pallets and taking the opportunity to really refresh our stores in a major way like we haven’t done before.  We’re taking the opportunity while we’re not opening 70 stores to try and bring forward some of those refurbishments and we will accelerate that rate as we see the returns on those investments. Not only does it give us a chance to refresh it from a customer point of view but also to include new developments such as our Clover brewed coffee which we’ve introduced in our first store in New York in Spring Street and it’s a much better way for us to give a total comprehensive upgrade to the Starbucks offer. The reaction of the customer so far has been fantastic.
Clifford Burrows: We are in the midst of our deployment of our new POS system and our ERP systems and as you can imagine that’s quite a major work stream with our US company operated install base. All of these new systems combined with the work of lean, the store designs and new products as we bring them on stream are all designed to help us build capacity in stores and build efficiency to give us time to concentrate on building our relationships with our customers and delivering the Starbucks experience with obviously the longer term goal of delivering great satisfaction for our customers and with the help of our rewards program to encourage people to come more frequently. These are a lot of investments and a lot of time going on to making the process improvements which will help support the longer term profitability and margin enhancement in the US business. So again, as Troy said, no specifics but lots of work programs against it and we’re encouraged by the early deployment that we’ve done so far.
Clifford Burrows: We’re getting pretty close. This is my I suppose catch up year to reach that portfolio so we’re getting pretty close to that number.
