Kevin Johnson: Yes, John, let me comment, and then I'll hand it over to Rachel for some more specifics on the numbers. But on your last part of the question, in terms of dayparts, we saw our two-year comp growth in all dayparts. So we've seen that morning ritual return, and we've seen positive two-year comps across those dayparts, which is a very, very positive sign. One of the things that I've been monitoring is when you look at when the FDA announced emergency approval for the Pfizer vaccine on December 11 and then followed with Moderna on December 18 and then J&J on February 27, sort of mapping the actions taken by the FDA to announce availability of vaccines and correlated that back to watch what's happening in our stores day-to-day, and that action alone created this wave of optimism of, I think, consumers, customers being more mobile. Now they're still being cautious. But then certainly, as we saw the rate of vaccinations start to hit 3 million to 4 million vaccinations a day, you really start to see how this great human reconnection unfolds. And so we saw it unfold in all dayparts. And we still see stores in our dense metropolitan areas recovering slower. But I'd tell you the cafes with drive-throughs that we have are comping to more than make up for that. We are seeing recovery though in those metropolitan areas. It's just -- I think that's going to take a little longer for businesses to bring employees back to work and sort of reshift those traffic patterns. But I think very, very positive progress on dayparts and continued progress in terms of both in dense metropolitan located stores. But I actually think the trade area transformation is unlocking a significantly positive upside for us. And so maybe Rachel, why don't you hit on the numbers? And then Rossann, I'll let you add other observations that you see from the U.S. perspective.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks, Brady. Jeffrey, I'll just add to Brady's comments. I think Brady and team have done a great job growing our -- keep in mind, these are 90-day active Rewards members so they are active members. When we were at about 20 million active -- 90-day active reward members, we had this conversation with the team that said, look, I believe we have an opportunity to double that number. I'm not going to give a time frame, it might take a couple of years, but double that number. And in doing that, we've now started to apply some very creative and very thoughtful ways to get under the data that we have about customers so that we can -- even if they're non-Rewards customers so that we can better serve them and start to personalize offers and personalize the experience for them. And so working with technology companies that have machine learning algorithms, companies like Amperity and Bridge, they've been able to help us continue to advance this. So I think we've got a great set of features and initiatives that enhance the customer experience and how they want to use that mobile app to personalize that customer experience in ways that are relevant to them and for us to find new ways to reach out to non-Rewards customers and start to personalize our engagement with them to bring them into becoming Rewards customers. And so we're going to think very broadly about this over the long term. And I'm optimistic that we're doing some things that are very creative, and it's just going to take some time.
Kevin Johnson: 71 markets around the world. And just take North America, a big market. North America, our growth -- revenue growth was 8%, where the category declined. John, why don't you comment on that? And then let me go back to specialty coffee and retail.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks, John. So Brian, you can see that on our Channels business, every quarter, we get the number, we get the measurement. On our specialty coffee retail, we tend to look at Euromonitor and other longer-term data sources to give us a sense. But right now, the volume of customer occasions that have returned to our stores in the U.S. is phenomenal, and it's exceeded our forecast and our projections in the U.S. And Rossann and her team have adapted rapidly to that. But the thing we're most focused on is how we have rapidly adapted to shifting consumer behaviors that I outlined in sort of my opening comments, how in doing that, we extend and enhance the attributes that differentiate Starbucks from everyone else and how we then create a great experience for our customers in the stores. And the way we do that, the trade area transformation is one important initiative. But the work we do to elevate the customer experience, deliver relevant and exciting new beverages and to extend and enhance digital customer relationships are the three key things. And when you look at what's happening in each one of those areas, there's so much positive activity and initiatives and accomplishments and then customer response to those things that I just believe that we're hitting on the right notes. And at this point, I look and say, we're going to have a two- to three-year tailwind just simply by watching vaccinations progress around the world. This great human reconnection will happen probability 1.0. And so we are positioned for that, and we're trying to -- we're working to enhance and differentiate the brand in ways that are meaningful to us. We're going to take care of our partners. Our partners are the heartbeat of Starbucks. They have risen to the occasion. And so specialty coffee retail is where we set the brand. 100 million of customers a week come to see us, and that's where we establish the brand and then we amplify it through our channels. And I think in both specialty coffee retail and channels, it's happening. And so we'll give you more as though as we get more data on share gains. But I can just feel it and sense it as I look at our data, our numbers, and I'm in our stores and sort of watching what's happening.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you. I got to say, Brian got me all like energized about what we're doing. And so as we close today's call, I think it's important to reinforce one key message. And that message is that Starbucks is meeting this moment, this moment of the great human reconnection and we anticipated the shifts in consumer behaviors. We accelerated our long-range plans, and we are well positioned to differentiate ourselves even further with the new level of resilience, speed and agility. I got to say, as Rachel was commenting, the strength of this brand and the increasing opportunities for us to offer convenient, elevated personalized experiences for our customers around the world makes me personally very optimistic for the future. Our long-term growth model is solid. And so thank you for your questions. Thanks for joining us today, and have a great evening.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thank you, Kevin. What I would say is when you look at the comp in the U.S. business in the quarter at 9%, to be able to achieve a 9% comp, it really took growth across our overall portfolio. So the overall portfolio grew. Certainly, our stores in the more metro urban areas are still slower to recover but they improved greatly quarter-over-quarter. And of course, the outperformance in our drive-through, so we saw that across the board and across all dayparts, which give us confidence. And to Kevin's point, what helped fuel that, particularly in our more metro areas and urban markets, was the trade area transformation where we're 71% -- about 70% complete with that effort today. As you might remember, we communicated we would close around 800 stores across Americas. And so as we've gone through that, we've been able to overall strengthen the portfolio as part of that effort. So that's playing into some of the recovery as well, as well as the overall mobility that's increased throughout the United States. And so with that, I'll turn it over to Rossann.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure, Sharon. Thanks for the question. What I would say is China was having a good -- seeing good momentum before we entered into Q2. And then there was a resurgence of COVID that caused restrictions across travel, across actually our International markets impacting China, given this was an important period for a market in terms of holidays and the Chinese New Year. And so as a result, we saw that cause mobility issues in the quarter, which impacted performance and impacted comp. As we saw some of the restrictions start to lift at the end of the quarter, we started to see momentum build, particularly in our key trade zones and key trade areas. For those reasons, we believe in the overall momentum in the market. And the brand continues to be strong, and we're continuing to see great growth in our digital platforms. We're connecting with customers in new and different ways. We continue to open significant amount of new stores. So our confidence in the market continues. And because of that, we felt the comp range was appropriate. There's a lot of volatility in our comps overall. And so for that reason, we kept comp guidance in line with the ranges we had provided previously. That allows us to be able to keep that level of volatility uncertainty within that range as we find our customers continue to return to our business and until our customers have a more routine activity overall, and we see a more return to normal patterns, we think that range is appropriate.
Rachel Ruggeri: And I would just add to that, too, is as we've invested meaningfully in our partners, we've still been able to drive our margin. And as we look at the back half of the year, we've indicated that our margin will lag our sales recovery by about two quarters. And a key component of that is that we're going to continue to invest in our partners as well as equipment and other things to be able to unlock the demand that we have. And that's an important note to remind, it doesn't -- it means we're still going to see strengthening in our business will strengthen as we move throughout the quarters. But I just want to highlight that, that investment continues to be part of why we're guiding our margins the way we are. And it does include inflationary components as we open up the economy and as we move through some of these stages as well.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thank you, David. Thanks for the question. What I would say is we felt confident in being able to raise our guidance on EPS for the full year. And of course, a big driver of that is our overdelivery and our outperformance in the first two quarters. But as I've mentioned, we expect that our margin is going to lag our sales recovery over the next couple of quarters so we'll lag our sales recovery. And some drivers of that are, we won't see the onetime benefit that we had from the government subsidies that we had in Q2. So we won't have that. We'll start to see our ticket moderate. We still believe that we'll have a slightly elevated ticket as we continue to drive food attach and premiumization of our products as well as shifting customers into cold platforms, but we will see our ticket moderate, which will impact our margin. In addition to that, as I mentioned, we're going to continue to invest in our business. It's critically important as we think about how we unlock the back half of the year and we continue to grow and meet the demand. So we're going to have to continue to invest in partners, continue to invest in technology and equipment in our stores. And finally, there's an inflationary component in there as well. So when you put that together, that's what really drives our guidance. Now what I would say is we would expect to exit Q4, so we'll strengthen from a margin perspective throughout the quarters, but we would expect to exit Q4 approaching the 18% to 19% guidance range that we gave at Investor Day for the long term. So that will show you how the -- how our EPS will essentially strengthen with that margin. And what I can say in terms of next year, we don't provide guidance for next year but what we've already provided, but I would say you can still expect outside performance in line with that approximately 20% as we had previously guided.
Rachel Ruggeri: What I would say is when you think about our overperformance in Q2, so if you think about versus guidance, the fact that we overperformed Q2, the two drivers of that is in the Americas segment and it's the government subsidies, so the onetime government subsidies as well as the better-than-expected recovery. And I would say, fairly equal in nature.
Rachel Ruggeri: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you, Sara, for the question. What I would say is from a trade area transformation perspective, if you think about the Americas segment, in my prepared remarks, I talked about the fact that Americas saw about a 550 basis point improvement on margin in the quarter. A driver of that was trade area transformation. And so what we've seen is what we, I think, outlined in Q2 -- or excuse me, in Q1 of this year is that on a full year basis, at the enterprise level, trade area transformation would be a benefit to margin of about 40 basis points. We saw significant improvement in Q2, and that will still align with approximately 40 basis points on the full year at the enterprise level. But that trade area transformation was a contributing factor to part of the success of the Americas segment in the quarter. And then in terms of the investments that I talked about, certainly, the investments that I've been talking about are across all stores. Largely, our drive-through as we're trying to -- as we're focusing on unlocking capacity and being able to accommodate the demand but it also relates to our cafes as well. But of course, more predominantly, drive-through concepts where we're seeing the majority of our demand currently. And as you might recall, at our Investor Day, we actually increased our comp guidance based on what we have seen from the investments we've been doing. So our comp guidance previously had been in the 3% to 4% range. We increased it to 4% to 5% based on these investments that we're making. And so the fact that these investments are starting to unlock productivity and we're seeing the margin benefit from those, we were able to show, on a long-term basis, that will increase comp and then subsequently increase our margin, allow us to continue to expand our margin and support our EPS growth for the longer term. So that's where you're seeing some of the tailwinds as we make these investments in the near term.
Rachel Ruggeri: Well, thank you, Nicole, for the question. I appreciate it. What I would say is Starbucks is such a powerful brand. I think you see that globally, but as a person who's worked at the Company, you feel it. And so that's, I think, what, for somebody who's been at the Company and left and come back, that is the -- that's the force is really what the brand means and it's less about the symbol but it's more about the people behind it. And there's just an incredible group of people that you work with partners. And it's hard to replicate that. And so from my perspective, that is the as a customer because I'm a customer, too, and I always have been is I feel that when I'm in my store, and I think that resonates when you're part of the Company and even in the corporate office. So I think that's a unique advantage of being part of a company like Starbucks. And what I can say is it's incredible to watch the growth from the Company over the years and to be in a position where I get to work with such an incredibly talented group of leaders to help shape the future of this growth. I think it's an enviable position but it's humbling at the same time. And so I feel grateful for the opportunity. But I appreciate the question.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Yes, what I would say is we definitely -- I mean, as we start to comp the most severe part of the pandemic from last year, we'll definitely see the construct of our comp shift, and it will return to more of a pre-pandemic level where you see greater transaction and maybe a lower ticket. So we'll definitely see our ticket moderate from the high 20s where we've been. But we believe that some of that will sustain, now not to the degree that it's been, but if you look at some of the behaviors that have driven that, the behaviors that have driven it today are the fact that we have higher beverage attach from group orders, multiple orders. Some of that will probably moderate as people start to go back into the offices and we have more single visits and single-item purchases. But we've had an all-time food attach. This quarter was an all-time record attach on our food. And that's because we're putting forward products that our customers love and enjoy. And so they'll continue to -- if we continue to innovate in the areas that are relevant for them, we continue to see that, that will have -- that will drive food attach. In addition to that, we're seeing, across the board, growth in cold and some of that is from our promotional offerings as well as some of our core offerings. And I think that focus in that area, which is more premium for us in nature is where our customers are gravitating. And so that will also help us to sustain ticket. I just think the issue will be that it will moderate from where it is today, but we have belief that some of those levers that I just spoke about are indeed sticky.
