Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Yeah. Thank you, Jeffrey. This is Rachel. As it relates to our guidance, when we look at our revised revenue guidance, it's based on the performance we saw in Q1, as well as the near-term and transitory headwinds that we've spoken about. With that, we expect Q2 will be below the full-year guidance ranges, largely due to the fact it’s going to take some time for our plans to materialize, as well as we'll continue to see impacts to our business in the Middle East. But what gives us confidence in that revenue range is the fact that we still have a very strong and growing loyal customer base. We're having increased capability as it relates to our digital programs around the world. And we've also seen that our reinvention has been very successful in helping us to meet increasing demand. Most specifically in this quarter, we saw really strong demand supported in our morning daypart, our busiest daypart in our US business. And we actually exceeded both prior year, the year before, and we're right on line with pre-COVID level. So we're encouraged by that overall just in terms of transactions. And in addition to that, as we talked about in the call, we're confident that we have multiple levers to be able to drive our earnings growth. Revenue growth is one factor, and we believe we've got growth in that guidance range. That will help drive margin expansion through -- flow through. But in addition to that, we have in-store and out-of-store efficiencies that we're seeing great success with. And so that gives us some confidence that we have a balanced path and multiple leverage to be able to drive that earnings growth of 15% to 20% on a full year basis.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. As you look at the store operating expense, it's largely driven by the activities we've taken around our reinvention in in-store operational efficiencies. So that's a combination of a number of factors, including we've focused on operational execution, leveraging standards to be able to manage performance across over 9,700 stores and growing. So that's been one driver. In addition to that, we've had continued improvement in our equipment. And the investments we made in equipment a year ago, as well as the investments we're currently making, that's all annualizing and helping to support the favorability that we're seeing in the margin expansion. And then third is, more recently we focused on improving our overall scheduling. So providing more hours for our partners per store. We have a ways to go, but we know that that's a high driver of engagement. All of those efforts together have led to lower turnover and a more stable environment. And it's that stability that really allows us to create a better efficiency in serving our customers. So as an example, I already spoke about our morning daypart of this quarter in the US was the strongest that we've seen. And that's a function of all of those efforts and activities that I just spoke about being realized in supporting our demand. So creating a better experience for our partners leads to the better experience for our customers. Now, some of that was annualization from the efforts that we made last year, but we continue to see quite a bit of opportunity ahead when we think about continuing to focus on scheduling, continual focus on improvements in staffing. We have more work ahead of us there, as well as in-store, or excuse me, out-of-store efficiencies, the way we scrutinize our sourcing, the way we distribute to our stores. We've seen some benefits from that this quarter. That won't show up in store operating expense. That'll be in our product and distribution cause. But between those two lines, that's where we see potential opportunity going forward. So it gives us confidence in the progressive margin expansion, but importantly, our ability to continue to meet that 15% to 20% earnings growth.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Sarah, for the question. In the US, what we see is we continue to see that our unit volumes, as we shared in Laxman’s prepared remarks, are continuing to grow. And importantly, when you look at the growth in North America and in the US businesses this quarter, our revenue grew 9%. So you've got a 5% comp in there. And we've already spoken to, though we were pleased with the performance and the strength we saw, particularly our most loyal customers, we talked about some of the headwinds that related to some of the impact we saw there. But when you look broadly and you look at the combination of comp and new store growth driving to that 9%, it shows you that we still have a lot of, I'd call it, opportunity even in the US in terms of continuing to open more new stores. When we do it through purpose design, we're able to look at the market and determine how do we drive the overall trade area higher with a variety of different types of stores to meet customers where they are. So we see a lot of opportunity there. And with that, I'll turn it over to…
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure, thank you, Andrew. When we looked at the guidance for China, it's largely based around, I wouldn't say the seasonality is maybe as distinct as what we see in the US business with Q2 being so much lower than any of our other quarters and strengthening as we go through Q3, Q4, particularly because we're lapping quite a bit of compares from the prior year. If you recall last year in Q3, we were lapping the COVID impacts from the prior year. So we have a pretty big lap when you look at that comp and that compare in Q3. So it's more around the progression we expect in the business, less about the compare or about seasonality, and more about the progression in the business. And what we're looking to is Chinese New Year as an example is a good indicator of what we expect to see around the consumer environment, and that's factored into our assumptions. So a lot of it depends on mainly the recovery, the time it's going to take as Belinda and team work on the action plans, which are in some ways, I'd say adapted to what we're saying. We've already led in the premium market, but we're adapting some of our strategies as it relates to the awareness of the customer and how we go after the customer through the innovation and new channels of social media. So we expect that that's going to take some time and that's reflected in the guidance range. But I would think about it that way, is more about the recovery and the progression from where we are with the plans today, which we're expecting we'll see a rebound and closer to a stabilization in the back half of the year.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thank you for the question. As it relates to our guidance and how we're thinking about maintaining the earnings growth range of 15% to 20%. Though our revenue has been revised, I think what's important to think about that is what we're pointing to is that Q2 will be below our full year guidance ranges on all of our metrics. And then we'll expect to see a rebound and a stabilization in the back half of the year. And that rebound and stabilization will come to from the revenue growth that we're guiding to, so the 7% to 10%. And in that revenue growth range, there is an assumption, even though we've got these plans in place and we expect it will take some time to materialize, there is the impact we have from a strong and growing loyal customer base as well as what we've talked to around the strength in digital and some of the success we're seeing in reinvention. So that's factored in there to give us the confidence to be able to expect that we'll see the flow through from the revenue growth in the back half of the year. But in addition to that, what we're expecting is that we'll continue to see the strength in our in-store and out-of-store operational efficiencies. So we had good success this quarter. We'll expect some of that to continue into Q2 and it'll further into Q3 and Q4. That's how we'll be able to drive to the 15% to 20% on a full year basis.
Rachel Ruggeri: The way I would look at it, John, is as we showed in the first quarter, we were able to demonstrate that margin expansion of 130 basis points at the total company level, given a combination of sales leverage. So we still had strong sales growth, right? That sales leverage, as well as the flow through from that sales leverage and the in-store operational efficiencies that we spoke to. And when we think about the back half of the year, we'll expect to continue to see benefit from the revenue growth and the sales leverage that comes from that. But we'll also see benefit from the in-store and out-of-store operational efficiencies, which we do have ability to increase our focus on some of those areas, which will help to ensure our 15% to 20% earnings growth commitment on a full-year basis. Outside of that, we also have investments as it relates to G&A, as it relates to our reinvention. And we'll continue to make the investments because those investments drive a meaningful impact and they're a driver of our competitive advantage. But we do have an ability to also dial up and dial down some of those investments to help support the commitments we're making. As it relates to the years ahead, I don't think it's probably best to just focus on the year we're in right now. But that's how I would expect the guidance to come together and how I'd think about Q2 relative to the balance of the year.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yeah. I do think it's just worth noting is that our buybacks are expected to be nearly 1% of our earnings growth net of interest, so small in the scheme of things.
Brady Brewer: Sure. Thank you, Brian. Thank you, Lax. As Laxman said, there's a calendar of compelling product innovation. Laxman spoke about the new beverage platforms that are coming over the next few months. On food, we're seeing a lot of momentum on this health conscious all day breakfast and all day snacking that I spoke about on the investor day. As we've released new products in that space, we've seen great resonance with customers and will continue to mine that space. Then we look at digital. Laxman referenced the 30% of US transactions coming through MOP. We're seeing high demand for that service even among occasional customers. So increasing the reach of the app, number one. Increasing personalized communication in the app, both to drive tickets for those routinized customers, but also frequency for the less frequent customers is a capability that we continue to build. We talk a lot about our personalization capabilities at Starbucks, but truly that job is never done because as new technologies and capabilities come online, we are grabbing those and integrating them into our system to use that as a business accelerator. And then lastly, I'd say just making Starbucks more accessible, expanding, as you heard from Laxman, the delivery options you have with Starbucks in a very fast growing part of our business. And then looking at ways to capture more Starbucks Rewards members who are currently not members through big partnerships like the one we've just announced with Bank of America. So between compelling products, really accelerating SR member acquisition efforts and then building our brand as Laxman said to address the fact-based narrative in social media and win our customers and win every visit back, that's where we're focused.
Brady Brewer: Yeah, thank you, David. It's a great question. My perspective is a little different in that we don't see a tradeoff in frequency between cold beverage customers and hot beverage customers. It's really a shift in generational taste preferences where that highly frequent millennial Gen Z customer is drinking cold coffee every day, just as people of different generations were drinking hot coffee to start their day every day. So we've seen a continued increase in our cold beverage in our portfolio, as you noted. But what I found with the cold beverages is there are infinite customizations possible on the cold beverage platform. And what that means is that it's increasingly a beverage you can't get anywhere else. And so it has a staying power to it. So we don't see a trade-off in frequency from hot or cold. Cold is a great business for us, and we don't see a threat there, we see a great opportunity. You mentioned about the capacity that we can put in place with Siren Systems and other aspects of the things we're doing in reinvention, which is really about accelerating our capacity to create and craft cold beverages at pace with our customers, both in drive-through, mobile order, and delivery in particular. So that is a huge opportunity for the company. And on hot beverage, I would say we're not leaving that customer behind. We're continuing to innovate on hot beverages just as we did today with the launch of our Oleato beverages. We're launching Clover Vertica store across our portfolio. We're in 10% of stores now. And that is the best cup of brewed coffee you've ever been able to get at Starbucks rolling out on a proprietary machine. And then lastly, you mentioned, or Lax mentioned, our Milano Roast, which is really our passion for coffee coming to fruition. So whether you're a cold coffee customer or a hot coffee customer, we're increasingly creating a reason for you to visit and we see no trade-off there.
Brady Brewer: Sure. So in terms of beverage platforms specifically, I'll start there. We put every product we offer through a very rigorous set of tests and measures to make sure that it's conducive to operations, that it's easier for our partners to deliver in the stores, and make sure that it's a creative to the business. A lot of times what we'll do is we'll bring in a new product and we'll take a lower volume product out just to maintain the total complexity of the system rather than just add, add, add. We have a very disciplined approach about how we do that. And so the three beverage platforms, which we won't reveal yet, have gone through that. And so It's really about how to do these products in a way that's accretive to the business and specifically targeted. And so in these cases, this is about looking at that occasional customer and frequent customer, but particularly appealing for the afternoon where we want to continue to build our business. We've really laser targeted these products for those occasions and so we're excited to bring those to customers. And then with regards to the demographics, Starbucks attracts a very wide range of customers around the world, and particularly in the US, again, a very wide range of customers. So the way that I would characterize it is occasional, and I know we've spoken about the very occasional. That's really what we would say is the audience with whom we saw that impact in November and started rebounding in December. So that's where I would leave it and say we've got plans to bring them back.
Laxman Narasimhan: Well, let me take this on. First of all, we are seeing no slowdown in our loyal SR customers. In fact, we're seeing an increase in frequency. They're buying more. They're customizing more. That part of the business is extremely strong. We did see, as you rightfully said, a slowdown in the very occasional customers, which we're still working to get back. But the folks in the middle who are occasional, some of the tactics that we used, which of course you're seeing, essentially helped bring them back into the fray in terms of the traffic we've seen it bounce back towards December. So we're focused on ensuring that we do the right thing in terms of welcoming back our very occasional customers with the right offer, with the right innovation, and with the right experience in stores.
Laxman Narasimhan: Sara, can I just add one thing here? We've gone through a look, MSA by MSA, and what is interesting is, is you start looking at where the population has shifted, and you look at how the US is so different from what it was even five years ago. I think what you see is white space for us. And particularly as you look at purpose-defined stores and our plans to build in the US, we have a lot more headroom in the US. With that, let me call on Belinda to talk a little bit on China, both around how our business has been reset, but also the kind of growth options we see. Belinda, go ahead.
Laxman Narasimhan: I've been to China three times in the last nine months. And one of the things that's fundamentally impressed me with the business is really how we've used COVID and the time that the business has actually taken to reset the business. If you look at the end-to-end costs from a supply chain perspective, with the digitization of what is happening end-to-end in China, it is frankly incredibly strong. I'd love to have some of that back in the US. If I look at the ability to deliver the value that we have end-to-end in China, coupled with the premium experience with the wonderful stores we design at a very low investment cost because that has also been fine-tuned. What you realize is that as we expand, the kind of economics we're seeing are very strong. And so I think that is foundational to what Belinda talked about. Big headroom in terms of cities to go to. But also what I compliment the team on is the work that has gone in to build a business end to end, that is extremely strong. This doesn't happen overnight. This happens because of 25 years of history and the muscle and the capability that the business has built in China. The team is ready, obviously, as the market [turns] (ph) and we see things come back, you're going to see the kind of economics get even better.
Laxman Narasimhan: And so the recovery is going to be choppy. But as Rachel has said, we think we factored that in the guidance that we see. The long-term opportunity in China is tremendous.
Laxman Narasimhan: So I think what I heard you say was, were there any demographic, specific demographics that it impacted? And the second question was, on the three beverage platforms, is there something that is a trade-off between speed? Is that correct? I couldn't hear you properly, actually. Maybe you could repeat that question.
Laxman Narasimhan: John, if I could just add one more thing. I think we've systematized our approach to how we think about innovation, how we think about productivity, how we think about growth overall, it's a very sort of systematic approach that we have in place with pipelines around how we're looking at different things. So we have visibility clearly in terms of things that we could do, for example, about the store. And they go multiple years. And so even if we did bring something forward, because we can, it does not at all mean that we don't have more that we go after. So I feel very confident about that, that we'll continue to invest in the business. There's no impact from a buyback. I think that was a question asked earlier. None whatsoever. And we're investing in the business, but we also know that we have opportunities for us to make ourselves more efficient. At the same time, get the throughput that we think we need in order to meet the demand that exists out there.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you so much, Diego. I will close by reiterating our strong momentum from the quarter and our overall confidence in our long-term growth. While we continue to navigate some headwinds, we're encouraged by the strength of our brand, particularly with our loyal customers around the world and the plans that we have in place to address the challenges we have identified. On a broader level, I've come to learn that we truly are a different kind of company here at Starbucks, but we are now operating in a different kind of world. We recognize that no one can solve the many difficult problems in the world alone. Starbucks is, however, and will continue to be the world's third place, providing people with places to come together, to connect, to find common ground, to feel they belong, and to bring a little joy in their everyday. Thank you for joining us this afternoon.
