Troy Alstead: Yes, we continue to expect the same guidance we’ve given you previously which is something about higher marketing spend as a percent of sales in the second quarter and frankly in Q3 and Q4 also anticipating morally higher marketing spend as we really continue investing, driving our business, supporting level launch for food broadly and driving innovation throughout our stores. So that will continue and that is also a – progress guidance to the second quarter.  Level launch, to be hot in terms of the lower new stores in the first quarter to largely to focus on the big holiday through the quarters. That will resume here beginning in the second quarter and we continue to expect to be fully rolled out with the first wave of this bakery program only across the U.S. by the end of fiscal year.
Troy Alstead: No, nothing anymore complex being anticipated, a big change like this across a huge system like Mihow [ph], with the decline of transaction volumes we have per store is a big change, the big operational change, the big supply chain change and all that is anticipated and then of course a goodwill we are providing at a better experience, new experience on as the product innovations we learn as we go, we continue to fine tune labor deployments and working routines and product assortments, fortunately customers want broader products, you will see us a respond and track back as we learn from last year’s launches and proceed to the rest of this year. But that’s a normal part of the process. Everything – part is right on technically we expect, we are extremely pleased with the results we are seeing in terms of the uplift, the fact that fruit continues to be an incremental comp driver in our business and we think this is big an opportunity we ever had just as we continue to roll out from here.
Troy Alstead: Thanks, John. Yes, we did see some slowing in December relative to previous quarters and relative to the early part of the quarter relative to October and November. And we really attribute that fundamentally to discussions Howard had early on in the call, which is fundamentally that significant shift in consumer behavior less retail traffic that we are all hearing about from other retailers that we are hearing about in Retail Traffic report that is published. Now, all that’s out there has some impact on our traffic roads in December particularly. Now, as I’ve said it’s important to note, we still serve record numbers of customers. We had record traffic coming to our stores in December, had record sales volumes in the month of December and for the quarter overall. We continue to drive traffic, however just at a slightly slower system we had coming into that bigger month. Now, with that said, no comments about the particular quarter or implications beyond that other than just to point out and acknowledge what you already know is we’re underscoring. The advantage we have, we expect that significant change in consumer behavior is the fact that we ended Q1 with more than a $1 billion of deferred revenue on our balance sheet. Dollars that customers have loaded on the card that will become revenue in our stores as we proceed from here, that’s an important advantage that we have a leadership position and we will continue to further our leadership as we proceed from here.
Troy Alstead: First, I would say, the role of the retailer we’re probably hoping for, we’re just very encouraged across all aspects of this food program. It still is a rolling in partner stores across the U.S. and it needed only the part of our new elevated food program which is basic category as you know. But all indications are we have found something that resonates service to customers, gets us a change to dramatically see their expectations around food, because it’s a chance to continue to drive food as faster growing part of our business which we have been for some time and that continues to over time elevate food as a mix of the stores overall. One part that I should that, that is connected in food is that while all day parts food for us is a healthy cliff in the first quarter, mid day and afternoon outpaced growth of the other day parts and that’s consistent with some recent trends and it’s partially fueled by food, by people recognizing that there is a fantastic food opportunity now at Starbucks in most day than the afternoon snack items, bakery choices for all day along, they are not that it used to be. So every indication for us continues to be very positive. We’ve got a ways to go to continue this rollout around the US. The lunch program will continue to be fine tuned and which is really that stages right now and we are very excited as that will begin rolling out late in fiscal year or early next fiscal year more broadly, we are very excited about that next wave of food. And what we have seen from is a multi year elevation of food that we think give us a tailwind in comp growth and tailwind in volumes through the stores over that same service downtime. 
Troy Alstead: Yeah let me speak to the first thing Michael and Howard may want to jump in here too. There is absolutely nothing -- nothing whatsoever to the idea that -- what’s happening with our food programs and La Boulange rule out is impacting throughout or is impacting service in the stores or have any thing to do with comp growth, still down in the quarter, absolutely nothing. We can completely rule that out. We have an opportunity and analysis to look at stores with La Boulange and stores without La Boulange. I appreciate you don't get to see that side-by-side set of analytics that I do. There is no change in our key transaction day part, there is no impact we think to discern from that. Now perhaps in -- we’ll appreciate this. I think sometime there is a customer perception that things are different in stores, food is being warmed out, multiple order in food, the case looks different. That change requires some adoption overtime. And I think that it may have created some case’s perception, but you could find out in the rule out, if there is any meaningful impact on what’s happening there. And at the same time, we’ll continue to deploy more labor and revise the labor routines against food that grows in our stores. We'll make sure we’re best in right parts of our business to both dry volumes, to meet the customer needs and to grow profitability on our stores as time goes on.
Troy Alstead: Yeah, Andy. No absolutely not. We would anticipate the balance of the year to be able to moderately expand the margin in Americas. Now the first quarter was more than -- actually more than I would say it’s moderate. Remember that was fueled by some unusual events from a year ago, like the leadership conference as an example. Like Superstorm Sandy certainly had impact on us as it did all of the retailers. So the degree of expansion, life won’t be as high but balance of the year has it -- wasn’t that first quarter where we had every expectation to continue to roll the top line and improve possibility to our store system.
Troy Alstead: Thanks. Well, our license business has been a healthier component of our business in EMEA for quite sometime. We frankly struggled more over the last handful of years in our company operated business. Now as I look at the first fiscal quarter and break it down price little bit, what’s very encouraging to me is that the revenue growth we saw and the trajectory change we saw was almost evenly split between the licensed business and company operated comp growth driven. The licensees have tipped a little bit stronger but not much. Both were very strong contributors to the increasing revenue and were built around profitability. And that’s two messages there. One is the significant focus we’ve had on store execution and operations, on management of the stores, on supply chain into the stores. All of that has been a heavy focus of ours as you’ve been hearing us talk about for a couple years now and that’s paying off. Absolutely, fundamentally, we are seeing topline response. We are seeing customers respond and bottom lines improving. We also -- now, as we really being to mature and flush out our licensed strategy to the region, we understand much better today what component of that region should have the licensed execution as it would have accelerated that. And even over the last year and a half, we converted and sold off some former company operated stores to licensees as we made that transition that has contributed nicely and of course that has a higher margin execution. It gets us back towards the customers to your point that we couldn’t have a lot easier. And in some cases it positions the licensee to better able to operate in a particular geography of venue that we are in currently. So both of those things are progressing and I will have to say I think we are winning right now, both in company operated and in licensed part of our business there.
Howard Schultz: There is no message there. In fact, I think if you look at each quarter for the last two to three years you would see our typical average 1% mini quarters, two same quarters, but more often and not within that 1% to 2% range. So you saw the first quarter coming with ticket that was sold receipts from most of our trends. That will tend to be at point or two the either way. But again that’s been evidenced by most of our countries like. And the slowdown we saw -- the large slowdown we saw in the month of December in traffic was very broad based. It wasn’t unique to any particular region. It was unique to any particular day part or product set or product line. It clearly demonstrates, improves stuffs and there was just a fewer people out there shopping and so fewer people for us to capture and provide some great experiences in our stores.
Howard Schultz: This is Howard. Let me try and answer your questions. It is sometimes easy to kind of bifurcate what happens specifically in the quarter. It was about weather and other things, but there is no gap. Throughout the quarter, there were unusual events and don’t forget we had the government shutdown, which certainly had a adverse effect on consumer confidence and consumer behavior both before and after. And then obviously, there was a lot of weather. But in my prepared comments I spoke specifically that I don’t think that was the driving issue here. I strongly believe that the month of December and what Troy just described in terms of John’s earlier question will go down as a turning point in the overall way in which people are shopping. I think, clearly, the month of December was the gift giving time and as a result of that people spent much more time on the web than ever before than you saw that in the online ecommerce sales. As a result of that on the margin, there were fairly less people out shopping and as a result of that, in certain day parts in the month of December, there weren’t as many people captured. Now what Troy just said in terms of the follow up, your question in terms of going forward, I do believe that there will be a real seachange for many, many retailers who are going to have a hard time navigating through what I believe will not be December-ish problem, this is going to be an ongoing issue and it’s going to have them faster than people think in terms of the way people are shopping and how they are spending their time, and the value that you can get on the web. Now when I mentioned in my closing comments, I believe very strongly that we have the inherent benefit built in to be able not only to capture incremental traffic but to drive traffic into our stores as a result of the things that we will be doing and the combination of physical and digital assets that will get stronger over time, I do believe that although John mentioned in his comments that both traffic and average ticket, the 4% number in Q1 to me really is the number that we have looked at as really the sign of the strength and conviction that our customers have about Starbucks. I don’t know any other retailer or restaurant that drove traffic into their stores at that time and if you look at how much money we spent on consumer advertising and trying to capture customers it’s is very very de minimus compared to others.  One thing, Troy, did leave out, that I will just mention in terms of the average ticket, we did – we were a little bit more promotional in-store during the most second half of December in terms of recognizing that there was a problem in that country with traffic and as a result of that, the average ticket problem we went down a bit as a result of promotional activities. But I would say with no defensiveness that we look at the 5% comp number and the 4% traffic number in Q1 literally a stunning success given our peer group and given the macro market conditions. I do believe that there will be challenges for many, many of the retailers in calendar ’14 and Starbucks will be one of the companies that not only will be able to navigate through but will be market share as a result of the combination of assets that we have.
Howard Schultz: I think we have a lens on consumer behavior and consumer spending perhaps unlike any other retailer with the national footprint we have. I would say this is in quantitative. It’s more qualitative and more personal. I think the health of the consumer today is better than it was a year ago. But I do think it’s still a fragile issue and what we saw with the government shutdown on October, is any isolated events of that magnitude can have a very drastic and dramatic effect on behavior and I think that's speaks to the fragility.  Now having said all that, I think one of the underlying benefits of Starbucks for many, many years is that we are an affordable luxury. We have been -- we continue to be that. And as a result of that the demography and broad-based diversification of our customer base and our store base insulates us from some of the underlying problems and may exist in one geography versus another. I also think what Troy said is that our ability to take the fiscal asset of Starbucks and our fixed costs. If you look at store today versus even three years ago, the ability with La Boulange, carbonation coming and thing that we're going to do with tea are going to extend the date, leverage our fixed costs and give us incrementality, not only on the introduction of certain products. But many of these things are linked to the opportunity to increase food attachment not as a result only of La Boulange with the beverage and the innovation that we're bringing that are skewed towards that.
Howard Schultz: If you cry, one thing about that. Not only it's absolutely nothing to suggest that there is a throughput issue, but I would also remind you that because of the Starbucks card and the quick adoption of mobile payment that we are speeding up the level of service and our stores. And when you look at the amount of people that are now paying with the card and with the unbelievable rate of adoption and how accretive global payment is -- there is no issue whatsoever. This is a myth that absolutely has no legs and for all of you listing on the call, you should just eradicate that it does not exist. Now Michael, with respect to your second question, I have only some surprises out there. I’ll tell you we've got some great new innovations coming both in that morning category around the savory items and warm items, as well as in lunch. Everything we have seen so far encourages us that we just beginning to go after where is there big, big good opportunity, both in our busy day part to drive increase the cash. But also as I said before, it continues food as we have (inaudible) into lunch program and mid-day as an attached as we rolled out the carbonated beverage platform later December, all these things work together. Of course, we know the food as an elevated quality in our stores not only drive our food sales but by the way it drives higher beverage sale as when people come in they buy food, they also buy beverage. So the whole shift rise the level of earnings in stores and that whole product pipeline tend to increase as we find ourselves all that include. So more to come, more details, but I think you really like the food we have coming out balance of the year.
Howard Schultz: I think the latter which is no evidence with specificity that there was a weekness issue. So I think this was to spread across multiple days. One thing about the issue of weather that was brought up earlier, currently any weather problem in the city where people are living and enjoying the Christmas holiday season. The initial reaction was not wow and so the weather plays I think a positive roll for the online ecommerce opportunities because it was so convenient. But we did not see a weekend issue and I think one thing I want to go back to is we anticipated this level of change. The investments we made in the car, the investments we made in mobile payment, all these things were in anticipation of what we saw in December. They probably came at us and everybody else that they faster clip. But we were in a position to take advantage of in the best evidence of that not only $1.4 billion but the $200 million, it’s sitting in the reloads. And that’s just underscored product, however at this point, they are in holiday period in past years. We would see elevated holiday traffic always long, not finding, just isolated to the weekends. So I think that underscores the fact that because we didn’t see it isolated to the weekend this time that does not message anything else other than that. It actually very closely matches, how we would anticipate that traffic around the holiday. And then perhaps you can help me understand your first question, were you saying that related to promotional discount that we increased a bit in the first quarter because we have Starbucks card balances, are you asking if that means it will be lesser going forward.
Howard Schultz: Let me speak specifically on this and whether we need to do promotions or not. We can see this throughout the year at various times at various offers, particularly around now striving to get the Starbucks card balances loaded and registered so that they become an integral part of our loyalty program. So you will see us very active in what we do. It may not be as specific around merchandised promotions as we did in the holiday period that for us is true. But it should continue to very actively to engage customer and keep traffic coming into our stores at each quarters to go.
Howard Schultz: John, to the first question, in years past, most of that incremental new card load tends to come into the stores predominantly in second quarter but then also continuing into the third quarter. So going into this quarter, I won’t make any specific comments about what we are seeing in the current quarter right now, we are in the current month of January. We would anticipate that we would see that incremental load coming through the business as we progress through Q2 and even in the Q3 that would matched more of the typical historical pattern. Now in EMEA, there has been a very meaningful steady progress. I would say, I think, the first quarter was perhaps a bit of an inflection point as a number of great things came together all at once for us. But to be clear, these are all the things we have been working in our team over in EMEA has been working on for two years now around dynamic -- achieve dynamically changing the stores experience around beverage preparation, execution within in-stores around the licensing activity, all of that, all of that, really starting to shift both in the topline now and in the middle of P&L driving that margin to the all time high that we reported in Q1. So it’s a bit of an inflection point but its one that comes after several quarters in a row preparation and a lot of hard work. We would absolutely anticipate that improvement continues, not always at the pace that we have experience in the first quarter, just to be clear. But everything we have been saying for the last two years, we believe we can continue to develop EMEA into the very, very health strong contributor in our business, I think Q1 is a fantastic validation of that.
Howard Schultz: No. On contrary U.K. was very strong for us, but it also broad base, so all of our major markets in EMEA company-owned U.K., France, Germany, Switzerland, we saw nice improvement prospect portfolio of markets. But the U.K was perhaps leading, we have very good quarter in U.K.
Howard Schultz: Thanks Dave. The answer is yes. We have big aspirations for what more we can do through our standalone/ business. Particularly as we have acquired and driving our stores and really began to nurturing and integrate these new brands and businesses we have. Now I won’t have you expect any meaningful change in any immediate quarter right in front of us, but we are progressing with the rollout of Evolution Fresh across the country, sold within the Starbucks stores but as we go building up that distribution into the CPG channel that will continue. We have big aspirations for what we can do with Teavana in this channel with all the business in time, first priority for Teavana though is our standalone Teavana business, as well as bringing those pieces into Starbucks business. But in time as we build equities of Teavana, as we develop the following around Evolution Fresh all of these products have great opportunity within the extended into the channel development business. And really leverage on top of the infrastructure we have, the relationships and trade we have, the distribution that we built, so you will actually see us build more overtime in that space.
Howard Schultz: I would say that the any bricks and mortar company that is heavily skewed to malls will be more susceptible to this new change. I think we are in a unique position in that. Our mall based business is a very small component of our overall national footprint. So I don’t think that you are going to see us be at a disadvantage because of our real estate portfolio. I think we introduced this subject to you, not to create fear and trepidation but willing to share with you what we believe to be a new dynamic change in consumer behavior. But linked to that once again, it’s our strong belief that not only did we anticipate this but we have the resources, the capabilities and the assets unlike most traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers to be a beneficiary of this change. And I think once again the Starbucks card platform and the Starbucks mobile card -- mobile transaction platform is still in its nascent stage. And we believe there is an opportunity to extend that value to our customers in ways that we have not yet shared with you. And we also think there is an opportunity overtime to take full advantage of what every other tech company is chasing with regard to mobile payments.
Howard Schultz: I’m not going to explain with specificity of when that is coming. But I can tell you that we understand the value that that will create for our customer base and also we believe is significant incrementality as a result of it. And if you look at how quick we were and how early we were to adopt mobile payment in our stores, you can assume that over time we will meet in this area.
Howard Schultz: Maybe I answered that. I spoke about drive throughs and I spoke about the $1.2 million for new stores. In addition to that, we’ve had unusual success in very unique configurations and store types. Many of you probably got red that we’ve opened up about four, five stores that are literally old containers and they are drive-through only and walk up. So volumes on those stores against the cost to build them are -- it has given us great confidence than you have unusual opportunity in traditional stores, drive throughs and what I just previously described as unique configurations both in size and location. We’ve also done a lot of work on verticals, for example hospitals, where we do not have a lot of penetration. So, I would say that you probably will se us go after a significant build of additional market share in the future with an acceleration of U.S. stores that are highly targeted against the return on investment and the sales that we are currently achieving in the kind of stores that we have not opened before. And in addition to that you will certainly see traditional several stores around the country. But I think that despite commentary on key change in customer behavior that we have underestimated for the last two, three years, the opportunity that we have across North America for additional stores and specifically additional store types meeting with directors. There is no job to drive through, has surprised all of us in terms of its volume, return on investment and the opportunity to build stores that we didn’t think existed in the past and you will see us do that in great numbers in the future, coupled with what I’ve just described.
Howard Schultz: Thanks, Karen. The answer to that is absolutely yes. One of the things that we fundamentally know is that in our drive throughs, not only do we have huge opportunities for more directors around U.S. The economics are strong, they have -- as we said in past quarters cost higher than our full portfolio including the non drive-through starts. So we see every great indication of drive throughs and including by the way to improve throughput to up-level the experience for the customers as they come through, to change how our mix engages with the customer in that line, help move that deck of cards more quickly. We have significant work underway to do exactly that. And part of that by the way includes enhanced technologies. Some of the same things you’ve heard us talk about we would see it innovate around in terms of payment and ordering into cafe, inside the store will be very through and very beneficial in the drive through. So much more to come but we will go back to all of our existing drive through of this mix enhancements today. I’m quite confident there will be incremental drivers to our business.
