Howard Schultz: I'll take the first question, which I think is an easier one. There is absolutely no risk whatsoever to the reinvention modernization plan that we've outlined in terms of CEO succession. And let me try and explain what I mean by that. We've got a, in my view, an extraordinary slate of candidates who are very interested in the job. We've narrowed it down to a select few. The biggest piece of this puzzle, in addition to experience, domain understanding of the market and a global person, is an understanding of the culture, values and guiding principles of the Company, someone who really has a conscience in terms of the humanity in Starbucks. And all the candidates that we are talking to, we are paralleling the reinvention and modernization plan, so there's no misunderstanding. And I can tell you that the candidates are extremely excited and positive and in agreement with what we're doing in terms of investing ahead of the growth curve, reinventing the partner customer and store experience and the equity and power of the brand is apparent. No one on this call should think whatsoever that there's any risk in terms of this plan not being executed. And lastly, I've committed myself to stay as long as necessary to ensure the fact that the new CEO has a soft landing in the Company, that we have a long immersion process, and then I transition on the Board so I can mentor and help the next CEO. I'm encouraged by the quality of the candidates. And certainly the candidates who are we are looking at a world view of the economy, geopolitical issues and understanding the power of the Starbucks brand and most importantly, the humanity of the Company.
Howard Schultz: I would add one other thing that hasn't come up yet, and that is the relevancy that Starbucks has with young people, and I think I mentioned this in the last call that one of the metrics for me personally has always been trying to understand on an annual basis, is our customer getting older or younger. And we don't want to be in a business where our customer base is aging, and we have a less relevant situation with younger people. We have never been, in our history, more relevant than we are today to Gen Z. And to me, that cohort is so powerful and the attachment rate that we have with them and the loyalty is just building. And so the other thing I'd say is that of course, you're going to look back to 2019, I understand that, but the world has changed so dramatically. Pattern recognition among customers is so different. And if you didn't have the historical perspective, that I understand that you do, and you just isolated Starbucks business today without historical numbers. You have to say, wow, what an extraordinary franchise, look at the equity of the brand on a global basis. Look what we're able to do in multiple formats, multiple countries, multiple channels of distribution. And I think for me, there's no doubt that the morning day part is going to come roaring back. And it's not a question of if, it's just a question of when. And you couple our afternoon business now on cold with a morning business in terms of people coming back to work, the acceleration of the business and the operating leverage that we always have had is just going to be that apparent. And I think the work that we're doing on the partner side, what we haven't said is there is a direct correlation with the investments we're making with our people and retention. And the greatest return that we can have on our investments is lowering attrition and retaining our people. And that is what you'll see in the quarters ahead.
Howard Schultz: We don't anticipate store closures will be material in any way. We're going to share with you with great specificity what we're going to -- how we're going to reinvent the store model, both in terms of the customer journey and the equipment that is going to significantly give us capacity that we don't have and make our people -- make our partners job much easier. You will see all that and more September 13.
Howard Schultz: Let me introduce you to Deb, who -- is our runs technology at Starbucks. And I think just to give her an opportunity to share with you what her and team are working on with regard to reinvention.
Howard Schultz: Before the other question, I just feel bad. International is not to cover off the ball, and no one's asked Michael Conway a question. So Mike, I got to give you some air time.
Howard Schultz: Well, let's try to unpack the question about Starbucks as an affordable luxury and possibility of a significant slowdown economically in the country. Historically, 51 years in business, we have been able to navigate and manage through very difficult economic headwinds. And although we've raised prices roughly about 5% or so over the last 12 months, the fact that our customers continue to see Starbucks not only as a great product and a great experience but all the things that ladder up to the equity of the brand and the quality of the coffee. So listen, I think every day that goes by, what's on my mind is the significant challenge economically that people are going through, and we're not taking our success and current engagement with our customers in any way as an entitlement. We have to earn it every day. And I think when we had our 200 top people here from the field just 1.5 weeks ago, we all talked about the need every single day to exceed the expectations of every single customer to understand what it means to take it personal as we did in 2008 during the cataclysmic financial crisis, and we managed through that one. And I think the other thing is, we've never had as many -- if you look at the national footprint of Starbucks, the multiple footprints in terms of the different types of formats that Starbucks has provides us with an ability to create convenience that we've never had before, specifically in the drive-thru. And so if you take that and then you ladder up the Starbucks Rewards program, and that probably is where we would go to provide discounts and value and a value proposition on an ongoing basis with our existing Rewards customers if, in fact, there was a significant downturn in the economy. But I think when we talk to our peer group as we have about what they're experiencing, I think they're shocked, stunned that Starbucks continues to create the kind of velocity without any indication whatsoever of customers turning away from Starbucks or most specifically trading down. And why we highlighted cold beverages so much was two reasons. One is that, that is a Gen Z product. And as I said earlier, that is a key customer cohort for Starbucks. Secondarily, we have a significant competitive advantage in our ability to customize almost any beverage that our customers want with speed. And then the last piece of that is the competitive advantage that we have is that the modifiers that our customers are adding to cold is a greater number than they add to hot. The modifiers are raising the ticket and the modifiers produce color and excitement to the Gen Z audience and they immediately put it on social media. But we're in the early stages of the cold beverage platform in terms of what we're going to bring in terms of innovation and the modifiers and the customization gives us a significant competitive advantage. You layer all of that on what I said earlier, and that is the morning day part coming back with velocity. And I think all bets are off in terms of the operating leverage that we're going to get in here.
Howard Schultz: So I think in terms of our Investor Day, I really hope that the majority of you will make the trip to Seattle. There's still good weather at that point. It shouldn't rain. But I think those of you who do not come will miss out on really seeing and understanding the breadth of the level of innovation and modernization that we're going to bring to the Company and how quickly it's going to come. So I hope that you all come. It will be a good time, a lot of interest that we've had already, but please try and make it to Seattle. Thank you so much, and we'll see you September 13. Thank you.
Rachel Ruggeri: And Jeffrey, I'll take the second part of your question. As it relates to FY '23, as you know, we've suspended guidance for the remainder of this fiscal year, and we look forward to sharing more about our long-term growth algorithm with you at Investor Day. That will share perspective on FY '23 as well as a longer-term time period. So, we'll be looking forward to updating you then regarding what we're expecting for FY '23 and beyond.
Rachel Ruggeri: Andy, I can start with part of that question, and I'll probably turn it over to Frank to give a little bit more color. But what I can say is of the wage investments that we've taken in of our broader investments overall, as you know, it's an incremental $1 billion this year, largely related to wage. But in addition to that, more training hours, more labor hours to be able to support some of our production. What that does when you think about it is from a revenue standpoint on a consolidated basis, in Q3, that was about 2% of our overall consolidated revenue. It will be about 4% next quarter. So that gives you a perspective. I think when we think about what's coming to FY '23, certainly, we'll share more about that at Investor Day. But I think this really sets the stage for us to be able to do exactly the foundational parts of our reinvention plan, which are really trying to address the better experience for our partners through increasing the experience of our stores, providing better training, overall benefits leading to an overall engagement increase for our partners. In addition to that, we're also spending to be able to ensure that we're elevating the experience for our customers. The combination of that we see as a great foundation to where we head in the future. But I'll turn it over to Frank for a little bit more color.
Rachel Ruggeri: I can start with in terms of the difference between our Rewards customers and our non-Rewards customers is what we saw is, as John spoke about, our customer counts reached an all-time high this quarter, and that was both in SR and non-SR. Our SR rewards customers increased greater relative to our non-Rewards, but both groups increased. And what we saw is our SR members had a higher member spend, all-time high. So we saw an all-time high in terms of member spend for our rewards customers. And that's driven by a combination of things, more strategic pricing, more premium beverages, more personalization as well as greater attach. So that's really what drove that. So we're seeing an increasing engagement from our Rewards customers. And we think that has a benefit for us over the longer term, particularly as we continue to personalize the experience more uniquely so that we can have a deeper relationship and engagement with the customer which will allow us to have the ability to continue to provide value in ways that are more personalized to them individually as a customer.
Rachel Ruggeri: David, this is Rachel. I can take that question. What we'd say is absolutely, we see lower transactions relative to pre-pandemic levels, so FY '19. But we're actually seeing our transactions improve versus prior year. So, we are ahead versus prior year, while still below from an FY '19 level. And what we're seeing is really a change. We believe it's a change in consumer behavior where we're seeing a higher ticket in a more moderate transaction. And I think what plays into that is, some of the dynamics of where people work today versus going into the office each and every day, there's a shift in consumer behaviors. We've also created newer formats and more points of stores so that customers can meet us where they need us to be. And we think that's also helped with the dynamic shaping a different dynamic in terms of a revenue perspective. Transactions are always an opportunity. But the way we look at it is having more customers and seeing that those -- that more and more customers are engaging with our brands and they're spending more with each visit, turns out to be a different formula for us, but an equally important formula, we're just seeing growth in a different way.
Rachel Ruggeri: And if I could just add, we've already been spending, Peter. Some of the investment we're doing this year of the $1 billion, some of it's pointed at some of the reimagining of the stores. Specifically, it's pointed at ensuring that we have better uptime in our stores so that the equipment is working and the partners are able to serve the customers and the demand. In addition to that, we've rolled out new and more innovative equipment to help with overall efficiency and the complexity in our stores. So we've started that journey, and we'll continue that. But I think that's an important aspect of -- it's not always just about a new store. It's actually about helping to also improve the efficiency of the engine today, and we can do some of that with operational standards as well as equipment and innovation, and we've started that process.
Rachel Ruggeri: I'll answer the second part of the question. Thank you. Despite the COVID headwinds, we remain on track to operate 6,000 stores by the end of this year. We added 107 net new stores in Q3 with our new stores continuing to deliver great returns and profitability. The fact that we could still open more than one store per day in Q3 speak volume to our team's capabilities, our resilience and a strong operating muscle we have built. We remain highly confident in the resilience and dynamism of the Chinese consumer economy. China's coffee market is still in its very early stages, and we have a long runway for growth ahead. Store development will continue to fuel the growth for Starbucks China and we'll continue to expand our retail footprint in a strategic and disciplined way. We're going to continue to go wide, enter into more new cities. We're going to continue to go deep in filling with more innovative formats to deliver the perfect and most relevant Starbucks experience for our customers, and we're going to continue to go smart by data-powered decisions, optimizing size, formats, locations, investment, et cetera. So thank you.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. Sarah, when we talk about accelerated growth, we're specifically talking about our metrics related to revenue, margin and earnings. And that's really going to be fueled as it has in the past by growth in unit growth. So our new stores, growth in innovation as well as growth in our digital customer relationships. So that's how I think about what we're talking about accelerated growth. Unit growth is a part of it. It's one of the catalysts, but there are many other factors as we talk about accelerating our growth.
John Culver: John, this is John Culver. Just real quick. We're very bullish on our business right now just in terms of the overall growth prospects and the number of customers that are walking in our doors each and every day. Now clearly, the composition of customer visits have shifted versus what we saw in pre-pandemic. And so, new routines are being established. And we're seeing that particularly in the suburban areas as well as the convenience channels of drive-through, MOP and delivery. Those channels accounted for 72% of our revenues. Generally speaking, we see single transactions in those channels with a much higher ticket, which has translated into higher ticket for the quarter. So that's one big piece of it. The second piece as related to day parts, we are seeing morning continuing to grow in the quarter, represented 51% of our sales which is beginning to return to normal. That will be driven by the urban core opening up -- back up. We did see for the fifth consecutive quarter, positive comp growth in the urban core and on the edges of that. And we're optimistic that those morning routines are going to start coming back, which will drive higher transactions and probably a little bit lower ticket at that time because those are single transactions at that point in time. We continue to see strong beverage growth overall, 9% in the quarter. Cold, obviously, was the biggest contributor, 74% of our beverage sales was cold. But when you look at it across all categories, espresso, brewed coffee, refreshers, all those were strong double digit in the quarter. And then equally is the optimism that we have with the ability to customize and modify beverages. If you look at modifiers that are contributing to the growth of the business, those grew over $60 million in the quarter and contributed significantly to the attach rate. In addition, we're seeing a higher attach on food. Food drove 19% growth in the quarter and clearly across all day parts of food, whether that'd be morning, afternoon or early evening, we saw strong growth, double-digit growth across all those food categories. So we feel good about the numbers of customers coming in. And then just a couple more data points I would add to this is, first off, our average weekly sales are at an all-time high. And when you look at our average weekly sales, we were 30% up versus pre-pandemic levels, okay? So that's one data point. The second data point as it relates to unique customer visits, and this gets to more customers coming in our stores. Our unique customer visits were up 6% versus last year and up 9% versus last quarter. And clearly, the Mobile Order & Pay digital footprint continues to grow, again, 27 million members, up 19%. So, we feel good about the path that we're on. As customers begin to normalize routines, we feel transactions will come up. We'll continue to invest in the areas of engaging our customers and meeting them where they're at. So, we feel good about the traction that we have thus far.
John Culver: Thank you. Just going to the investments that we're making in the immediate term, particularly on equipment to drive throughput and productivity. And John, this goes back to your second part of your question, I apologize for not addressing it then. But first and foremost, it's about the Mastrena two and getting Mastrena machines out. Currently, we're in 86% of our stores, and we'll complete the rollout by the end of this fiscal year. We have warming oven upgrades going on to our current ovens. We have 60% of those deployed, and we'll have 75% deployed by the end of the fiscal year. We've developed an in-house proprietary cold brew system, and that's currently been deployed to all stores across the U.S. And also, we continue to see the growth of cold beverage. So improvements in the cold beverage station and in particular, cold beverage labelers which are dedicated to that station. We currently have those in 38% of our stores that will go to 80% by the end of the fiscal year. We also see opportunity with handheld order points. So if you think about it, handheld tablets, currently, that's in 50% of our stores will continue to deploy that and anticipated in 65% by the end of the year. That will drive speed of service and in particular, higher throughput and drive-thru. And then equally on the back of the house is the automated ordering. And we are seeing huge opportunity for automated ordering as we are fully deployed across all food and merchandise, across all stores in the U.S. and we are quickly moving towards getting that up and running as it relates to the beverage and the remaining products in our stores. So, we've got a lot of work that's happening around that, and it will make our business operate a lot more efficiently.
John Culver: Yes, Sharon, this is John. I'll take that on retention. Obviously, we continue to make investments in our people, both from a wage as well as from a training standpoint. We are seeing some green shoots in improving retention overall, and we're optimistic that, that will carry into the coming quarter as well as, as we go into FY '23. Just to give you a few data points, we hired a record number of partners this fiscal year thus far. And what we've been able to do as we've hired partners is we've been able to reduce the number of open positions, and thus, in turn, increase the number of operating hours that our stores are open. This has been enabled. We streamlined the hiring process and put this in place in record time for our individual markets. And what we've seen is that after turnover peaked in Q2 of this year, we are seeing the early signs of these investments paying off. Our average pay right now stands at roughly $17 an hour. That's inclusive of our floor being at $15 an hour, which goes into effect broadly across the country, effective August 1. That significantly demonstrates this $1 billion wage investment that we are making this fiscal year in our people. And then we also increased barista training, basically doubling the hours for new hire baristas to 40 hours as well as our new supervisors. And as we look at this area of the business, labor, staffing, retention, all those things. The metrics we're tracking is turnover, hours of operation, fully staffed stores and obviously, operating with Mobile Order & Pay open full time. Rachel alluded to the fact that stores with lower turnover drive higher partner engagement and deliver better operating and financial metrics, which thus leads to higher customer experience stores. And we are seeing a trend uptick in customer experience -- customer experience scores. So we feel we're on the right path. We have more work to do, but we are making progress.
