Scott Maw: Yeah, thanks, Sara. It's Scott. I'll start. I think what's important to understand and what we're saying about Q2 is given some of the things that happened specifically during holiday, we're seeing some impacts of that early in the second quarter. And specifically what we're seeing is we sell a lot of gift cards in the lobbies of our stores and through third parties. And those gift cards once again this year, went to about one in six Americans. And the gift card lows were about flat year-over-year. But as you know over the last many years, those gift cards have actually contributed meaningfully to comps. Both as we closed out the first quarter, and then, importantly in January and February, and a little bit beyond as we went through the second quarter because those gift cards were roughly flat, still sold a lot of them. We're just a little bit cautious on how the quarter is starting, so that's the first thing. The second thing is in the lobby category, what we see coming through into January is a little bit additional softness above what we'd expected. So Kevin talked about holiday LTOs and lobby down over a point. Lobby remains soft in January. So those two things are just a little bit of headwind. And so, I think what we signaled for the year is we still have a high level of competence in being within our 3% to 5% range. We're just a little bit cautious for Q2. And really EPS and revenue growth and comp growth, still holds with what we guided last quarter.
Scott Maw: Yeah, I think what we said and we talked about this a little bit last quarter, Sara, is that, in order to hit the comp guidance and the revenue guidance and profit guidance, 3% to 5% high-single-digits and 12%-plus. We need that 3% in order to get to 12%-plus. With that said, given just a little bit of softness in the first-half of the year, we still think we're going to be to deliver a 3% per year and therefore deliver the full EPS and margin guidance. I think the thing I was trying to say in my prepared comments is, the first half of the year is probably going to be a little bit softer, with the second half of the year accelerating. Yeah, when the things we are doing on streamline, the things we're doing in the middle of the P&L, and a little bit of benefit from buyback. So I think we'll get back to 3% and preserve the margin.
Scott Maw: And then, John, your question on margin, I'll just quantify a little bit for you. We had slight margin expansion in our last guidance and now we're seeing a little bit of margin contractions we're not talking about it big dollars, but you're asking a fair question. There's two things. First of all, we did get a little bit more favorability than we had forecast below the line this quarter for some of the gift cart, unredeemed gift card true-ups that I talked about. And then that all of the net of the streamline activities are coming in a little bit more favorable than we originally thought, again both of those are relatively small amounts, but don't have a big impact, obviously on operating margin but allow us to hold our EPS guidance.
Scott Maw: Yeah, maybe - David maybe I'll start financially and I'll ask Matt, Roz to weigh in operationally, because obviously what we're mainly focused on talking about the U.S. business. But if you talk about the global business back half acceleration from a margin standpoint. It's the things that we're doing in the middle of the P&L around cost of goods sold around waste and around labor, we talked about those, that's the first thing. The second thing is acceleration of profitability as we bring East China into the fully wind down Teavana. We're a little bit more optimistic on how that's going to add to overall profitability. And then just to be specific, we expect the first half of the year in Americas comps to be a little bit below the average for the year, and the second half to be a little bit above. So I'm not [Technical Difficulty] in U.S. comps in our forecasting. We see that as a potential opportunity depending on how things land, but that's not what we're saying in that comp guidance we're giving, just to be clear. But maybe I'll turn it over to Matt to talk a little bit about the digital opportunities, first, and then Roz can cover up beyond that.
Scott Maw: The first part is correct, Matthew. So 2018 will see a little less than half of that $180 million to 220 million run rate, and 2019 will see a little bit more. And part of that is, just because of the timing of some of the investments we'll make over the remaining course of the year. On the tax rate, the numbers I was quoting was trying to reconcile you from our GAAP tax rate to our non-GAAP tax rate. The thing to think about is, our non-GAAP tax rate will be about 26% in both years, so about 7 points lower than what we have guided at 33% before the change in the tax law. So that's a pretty consistent number as we look into the future.
Scott Maw: Yeah, I think, Karen, the way to think about that is, as Kevin says, these were all on our roadmap. But I wouldn't think that, that this place is a partner investment in 2019. Or said more clearly, we're doubling down a little bit this year with partner investments, because it's the right thing to do. As we get into 2019, I assume we'll make additional partner investments and we'll come back to you on the size and scale of that. But this wouldn't be in replacement of that, which I think is the nature of your question.
Scott Maw: So just - I'd add to John's point and maybe reflect back to a question that John Ivankoe asked about the growth of CAP. And just remember, in 2017, we saw China/Asia Pacific add nearly 50% of our overall operating income growth. As we think about this year, we'll probably be in that same range. Maybe not quite as much, because the Americas business is going to contribute a little bit more. But this is the twin engines of growth that Kevin talked about so specifically in his comments. And as we look forward to 2019 and we get into the full ownership of East China, I think you're going to see that same kind of mix to the overall operating income growth. That's obviously driven by China, but within China/Asia Pacific, the other pieces of Japan and Korea as well. So just make sure you remember this, that we're seeing a strong blend of profitability across those two businesses.
Kevin Johnson: And, Sara, this is Kevin, let me take your second question about share or cannibalization. I mean the short answer is no. And let me share the data with you that leads us to that conclusion. Certainly, we look at many external data sources to inform us of macro trends in away-from-home coffee and certainly away-from-home food and beverage. Those trends would suggest that overall daily customer occasions in food and beverage are relatively flat. Now, when we triangulate those data points with the fact that we grew total customer occasions across existing stores and new stores by 5% this quarter, that would imply that we are growing transactions faster than the market and taking some share. Now, the better view that we have is when we look at the micro trading areas. Now, this is where we have our own analytics, where we look at a micro trading area that provides us data on traffic patterns. And whenever we build a new store in that trading area, we have predicted analytics to tell us what we think will happen and then we have post analytics to tell us what actually happened. The data suggest that when we build a new store in a trading area, we see increased customer occasions for Starbucks. When a competitor builds a new store in the micro trading area, our data shows little to no impact on Starbucks' traffic in that micro trading area. Now, certainly a similar dynamic exists when a competitor runs a product or pricing promotion or schedule at a trading area. And we look at these micro trading areas very carefully. And so, that's a data driven analysis. So when you triangulate these data points, it's evidence that we're not losing share to competition. And it's evidence that we're not cannibalizing as we build new stores. And so, that's how we think about it.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, I agree with that. The only thing I would add is just to be careful not to over-rotate just looking at the U.S., China is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the growth agenda and contributing a larger and larger percentage of our operating income growth. The 30% growth that we saw in China this last quarter, we just closed on East China, the Shanghai Roastery. And so, I think you need to look at both of these growth engines when you consider the overall enterprise P&L.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, John. This is Kevin, I'll take your question and I'll let Scott take the second one. When you think about our patterns, it's first of important to note that our core customer and especially in that morning daypart is very strong. And that's just reflective of the increased throughput at peak that we've driven. And I would say that the digital growth that we've seen, so core customers, morning daypart, daily ritual, throughput at peak strong. And that's beverage, food attach, strong. Number two, what we're calling the occasional customer, in some ways you could say are those non-Rewards customers or non-core, now the fact that we've grown active rewards by 11%, means we're attracting more and of the occasional customer into Rewards. So part of the reason you see that comp, you say, well, our occasional customers aren't growing. That's because a lot of them are joining rewards. And the more, we get them in that digital ecosystem, the best. Because now we can communicate directly with them, we can personalize offers that are contextually relevant to them. We can do so much more to create a great experience for those customers when we have digital combined with our brick and mortar experience. So the number three, say, okay, those customers who haven't joined Rewards, what's happening with occasional customers, now a lot we have a higher volume of occasional customers in the afternoon. And in many ways, you think about the morning daypart and a lot of that is really driving the need state of convenience as customers are getting their beverages and food on their way to work or school or some activity, what we find the afternoon is a customer occasion that's more the third place. And so in many ways, the opportunities we have to continue to enhance the experience in the third place drive innovation around food and beverage that resonates in the afternoon, and as Matt that the number one thing we can do is now connect with those occasional customers in a digital way. And so that's what we see happening and that is why the plans that we have are geared exactly to that. Roz, you want to touch upon sort of the plans that we have driving those three pillars.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, Jeffrey, this is Kevin. Look, we haven't gone into some deep study of how much did this increase consumers discretionary spend, and we haven't factored any of that into the future view. I mean, logically you could draw a conclusion that increased discretionary income would increase spending on consumer items, including food and beverage, and that could be good for us. But being candid, we haven't studied that and I don't have any models or insights to share with you other than just general intuition, if consumers have more money, then that must be good for consumer spending.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah, Karen, this is Kevin. Let me start and then I'll hand it out to Scott to add to this. But, clearly, when we looked at the tax reform and thought about the principles around this, the first principle we had is this doesn't change our strategy. Our strategies are strategy. We're clear on what we're doing. We're clear on the priorities we have. And so, just because the tax law changed, it does not alter our strategy. That was principle number one. Principle number two though was looking at the implications to Starbucks of that tax change and making a thoughtful decision around allocation of resources. The resource we could allocate to our existing strategy, that we thought would help us accelerate progress against it. And then how do we make sure - and so, and that principle was the second principle. The third was how we make sure we do this in a balanced way. Are we investing in the things that are creating shareholder value? And for the majority of this, it's going to drop to the bottom line and go straight to EPS. So when we put that together, the number one area you look at over the last several years has been an ongoing multi-year strategy is our investment in partners and digital. And the bulk of that investment has gone into partners around things like wage and benefits just knowing that certainly ads. You know. With unemployment low and with competing for the right kinds of talents, there's going to continue to be the need for us to invest in our partners. And we know in investing in our partners that we're able to attract the right people, and we're able to have a lower attrition and longer tenure than others in the industry, which helps us better connect with customers and help us drive sales. So we know that's a good investment to make. In addition, we know and have wider sight to the return on investment on certain digital projects. And so, that is the work we went through to determine what in the opportunity to make some additional investments in our partners, and some of the benefits in wage and to accelerate the progress on some of these digital projects that lead directly to the way that we know we can connect with customers and drive comp and drive revenue and profit. And so, that's kind of the principles and the construct that we came up with and I'll let Scott then take it from there in terms of the implications financially.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks, Howard. Scott, you want to - the second part of Karen's question was on the investments that we were making. Yeah.
Rosalind Brewer: Yeah, so concerning the customer piece, I will say that we've been really looking carefully at this afternoon daypart and the customer that visits our stores during that timeframe. And we're learning a lot about them. But I can tell you that, they're confident about our brand. They still are committed to Starbucks. We are making sure that we are ready for the customer, the afternoon dayparts by looking at our routine efforts in the stores and to make sure that we've got the right partners in front of them. So we feel good about the customer and their connection to us. And we'll continue to make sure that they stay aligned with who we are as a company.
Rosalind Brewer: Sure. So first of all, let me talk about in the first quarter, we added 1.4 million new active members and that really gives us an opportunity to do just what Matt mentioned is to bring them to the same level at our Starbucks Rewards customers that have been enjoying our business in the morning daypart. But second, we have very strong beverage innovation plan for the remaining part of the year. And I know, we've been talking to you about our beverage innovation for some time now, but we've been able to for the first time in a long time introduced a second espresso roast for the first time, our blonde introduction that just started in the month of January, we're excited about that. But second, we have a number of cold offering that we're introducing and some of them are accelerating into the second half of the year and I just remind you cold beverages are nearly 40% of total beverage sales and 50% of the overall growth that we're seeing right now is from our cold lineup. And that's up 230 basis points for our company. So the accelerating I think like our Nitro rollout, our Teavana teas, and our premiumized beverages. This is going to help us in the second half of the year, and these are items that have not existed in our product lineup. And when you align that with our food success, it really creates a package for us. And remember, our food represents right now 21% of our total revenues so we've got great moves in our beverage lineup, and the food attach that we've been seeing quarter-over-quarter will continue in the second half of the year.
Rosalind Brewer: This is Roz. Let me just mention some of the things that we're doing from an operational improvement standpoint in the afternoon daypart, if you are recall about a year ago we introduced some labor deployment improvement at peak, and it's been successful for us. And for the first time, we're going to expand those through the full daypart and this includes some of the lessons that we've learned at peak from the routines and the labor deployment improvements that are really goes a little bit further than that. We're specifically looking at tasks that are performed in the afternoon, and we're looking at the experience level of our partners in the afternoon. Typically, we've used our afternoons to train our new partners, and to do routine tasks. And we often have a lot of our newer partners on staff doing their training. So over the coming weeks, we'll reevaluate how our staff will use these hours and use the stores and the partners against more customer facing initiatives, this will allow us to do really effective product introduction and then connect with the customer effectively. So we've learned a lot in that morning daypart and we're going to think it throughout the full day.
Rosalind Brewer: Actually I don't see a value position here, I actually think that our brand has the ability to speak even more at an up leveling. When we talk about product innovation, we talk about making our core coffee even better, when we talk about our Frappuccino business it's about making the very best Frappuccino. So a value position is not the direction we're looking at, we feel like our brand can go to the next level.
Howard Schultz: And, Kevin, can just add one thing about the equity of the brand? Could you hear me? This is Howard.
Howard Schultz: Just in terms of the equity of the brand, just in recent weeks two things came out that I think demonstrate and reaffirm the strength, the trust and the confidence in terms of Starbucks as a brand and a trusted company. Fortune survey came out and Starbucks was the fifth - fourth, I'm sorry, fourth most admired company in the world. And then we have a constant effort year in and year out to make sure that we are as relevant as possible with young people. And what came out is that Starbucks relevancy among teams is number one in any food and beverage retail brand in America. So I think, in terms of the equity of the brand, there's no issue whatsoever. This is a daypart challenge in the afternoon. And just like we figured out and cracked the code in the morning daypart, we will do the same thing in the afternoon.
Howard Schultz: Hey, John, this is Howard - I'm sorry. This is Howard. Can I just want add a little bit of context to China, and some of things you said. As Kevin said, I'm in Milan, and I'm working on the Milan Roastery with our design team, but on the heels of the record setting opening of our Shanghai Roastery, I just like to put it into context for you. I don't know how many store openings, I've been to and how many countries we've opened. But in my long, long history of Starbucks, I have never ever seen anything remotely like what happened, when we opened a Shanghai Roastery. I mean, we shattered every sales record in the history of the company, and I'm going to give you some numbers that we have not yet released, because I think it's very important as we look at the difference between 3% and 2% comps for the quarter. I think again, here's a number that I think you'll be very interested in. Our U.S. Starbucks stores on average do about $32,000 a week. The Roastery in Shanghai after eight weeks of operations is doing on average, twice that not each week, but each day. So the volumes that we are now hosting at the Shanghai Roastery is a number that we have never quite seen before, reaffirming the equity of the brand, reaffirming the interest our customers have in Princi, an opportunity that we feel is not only a domestic opportunity for standalone stores, but also an opportunity to leverage infrastructure and build Princi stores in China as well. But we just opened a store that is doing twice the amount per day that an average Starbucks is doing each week. That's the growth opportunity and that's the strength of the company in China. I think, we are at a disadvantage, because most of you have not seen our operations in China. I hope, you'll come to the event in May and you'll see something that there is no other Western brand, consumer brand that is accomplished with 3,100 plus stores, a store opening every day and numbers the likes of which we have never seen in our history. The Roastery in Milan will open in the fall, the Roastery in New York will follow, and then Tokyo and Chicago and all of this being integrated into the Princi stores that we feel so positive about it. So I just feel like it's really important to once again just put into context that we are a global enterprise, of course, the U.S. currently dwarfs the other aspects of our business. But what Kevin said is not a myth, it is true. China is going to be larger than Starbucks at the - in the U.S., China is going to have more impact and grow faster than anything we've done in our history. And what we have seen in Shanghai with the Roastery not only gives us confidence, but demonstrates the opportunity to be even larger than we once realized just a year ago.
Matthew Ryan: Thank you for the question. Matt Ryan here Sharon. First of all, as is obvious in the numbers, virtually all our comp this past quarter came from our digital customers. And we saw a significant growth in the number of members, up 11% or so year on year, as well as healthy growth in member spend. So we're very, very pleased with what we saw. We've leaned into customer acquisition results. During this coming quarter, you're going to see some significant new initiatives added on, which have both short term and long-term potential benefits. We are going to be targeting, not just the Starbucks Rewards customers, but all customers with ways for them to sign up and engaged with us directly. That will create a new pool of customers that we can use our marketing capabilities to reach and talk to, and build a business from. You'll see that emerge across the course of the quarter, especially in March. And you'll see us begin to then have a greater pool of people with whom - from whom we can recruit future Starbucks Rewards members as well too. There are a number of different things teed up, not just for this quarter, but across the next year, that includes some of what you've been alluding to. And you can expect us to continue to make digital the focus of all of our marketing efforts moving forward.
Matthew Ryan: Absolutely. So one of the things we see is, we see continued growth in the core Starbucks Rewards program, we've seen healthy growth in recent quarters and we have every indication of the investments we're making in technology that are sort of behind the scenes and less visible to you will continue to drive both acquisition as well as per member spend, so we're very confident in that. I think the more important it is, we're adding on a couple more major initiatives, so this quarter we will be launching with Chase and Visa, our first ever co-branded credit card and that will enhance the value of the program to many of our customers. The thing that I would like to highlight as well, is that we are also doing more to reach our non-Starbucks Rewards customer digitally and established digital relationships This includes making Mobile Order and Pay available at scale to all customers starting in March as well as deliberate initiatives, which you will see as the quarter unfolds, in which we actively sign up new customers with the special benefits and offers that will be meaningful and make a difference in our ability to market and personalized beyond just the core Starbucks Rewards members.
Matthew Ryan: Sure, we're actually in pilot right now in the marketplace. So we are offering mobile order and pay to many customers. You can call it guess checkout if you will to many people who do not have a stored value card. What will happen by the time we reach the end of March is we'll be able to scale that nationwide and make that available to all customers who are using our app.
