Troy Alstead: Sure, John, thanks for your question. Let me start just briefly and then I’ll ask Cliff Burrows, the President of our Americas business to speak more specifically about the actions in the quarter and what the impact of some of those things were. Yes, you’re right, the July, similar to June and as we discussed at our last earnings call in late July, was a soft month for us. Soft, still growing in traffic, still total comp growth growing, but softer than we had been trending earlier in the spring. As we progressed through August and September, we saw a very, very significant recovery in our same-store sales and absolutely exited the quarter in a much healthier place than where we entered the quarter. With that, I’ll have Cliff speak a little bit more specifically to some of the actions we took.
Troy Alstead: John I’d just add one thing that the public doesn’t see directly and that is the use of all of the social media channels that we were able to leverage. Starbucks is at any given month a leading brand on Facebook and Twitter. As a result of that, we were able to leverage a level of engagement with a large number of customers, millions of Starbucks fans and customers and direct them to the store in ways that really reduced traditional marketing spend. And I think between that the operations that Cliff talked about, the effectiveness of Trade Receipt and LivingSocial, we were in a position and then towards the end of the quarter, we began to have a great result with Pumpkin Spice Latte, which got off to a fantastic start despite the fact that it’s been year-over-year. All of those things bode very well for the quarter; and as we said, a stunning turnaround from Q3.
Troy Alstead: Matt, let me start to address it, but I’m also going to ask Cliff to get into a few more specifics. We have, as you said, a long list of major and minor and everything in between remodels over the past year. And as Howard mentioned, I think 2,000 remodels planned and we expect to be on a pace of level like that for some time. Now I would point out that somewhere in the neighborhood of 2,000 remodels, a smaller number, somewhere in the mid-100s are more major significant type of things that might involve a very substantial change or the expansion of a store, the balance of them may involve more minor changes that aren’t just significant remodel of the store. So, it’s a varying degree of impact both on the store itself and on the results to come out of it. Needless to say, Cliff will go into more specifics, but as we do particularly those major remodels on that individual store, we see a very, very, very significant increase in comp growth in that store when we opened.
Troy Alstead: If I talk about Evolution Fresh in U.S. Starbucks stores, it is bottled beverages only. We have a range of six of cold-pressed beverages and it ranges from orange juice, which is the most familiar and the best-seller and it goes through to whether it’s sweet drinks or essential vegetables, it’s a wide range. It supports our health and wellness platform and the increase that Howard refers to is a mixture of both ticket and volume, but it has been well-received in every single market. Future innovation will come from our learnings from Evolution Fresh stores, of which we opened the latest one in Fillmore Street last weekend down in San Francisco and as had a fantastic reception locally.
Troy Alstead: And Jeff, I would also just add to that that we are continuing to grow traffic in China, we’re continuing to grow ticket in China, we’re growing healthily across all day parts and the two-year comp growth is remaining very, very, very strong if you compare that over the last several quarters. I think that speaks to the fact that, yes, we’re up against tougher compares. It wasn’t all that long ago just a couple of years ago, where average unit volumes in our business in China were roughly a third U.S. levels. They are now well greater than half U.S. levels and catching up and by the way that comes at a point in time when average unit volumes in the U.S. have been growing and are at all-time record levels here in the U.S. and yet China has been growing quickly. So we don’t see any concerns about growing volumes whatsoever.
Troy Alstead: Diane, we’ll have to introduce Jeff Hansberry, who is on the call and as you know, President of our Channel Development business and he will take that question.
Troy Alstead: Thanks Michael. Yeah, let me speak to the last part first. We have been doing some buying – early buying into fiscal 2014 on our coffee needs. We’re not very far into 2014 yet, but we’re going down that path a little bit and we’ll talk about that in a bit more detail at the conference in December. Suffice to say though, as we’ve talked about before, the early read and what we can see is that 2014 is likely to benefit from reduced coffee costs once again. The order of magnitude is too early to tell, but what I point out is that we will exit the year of 2013 with coffee costs significantly lower through our P&L than we entered the year of 2013 coming through our P&L. But again, that’s a comment given what we see today, with not very much of 2014 locked at this point in time. Now, in terms of margins we’ve raised it today to the 100 basis points of improvement given the number of things that we’ve seen as we come through the fourth quarter, the momentum we have both on the top line as well as the completion of the operating plans that we put together annually in the summer, prior to the start of the new fiscal year. And that’s given us confidence given again both the growth we see around the world, the investments that we know we need to make in new initiatives and the growth opportunities we have in the future and the margin improvement opportunities we have all throughout the P&L; in supply chain, in operations management, in leverage of G&A, an improvement in Europe, which we are expecting based on, as you heard from Michelle, some of the many changes that her and her team have been tackling over there. So, I would expect margin improvement really in a number of places in our business and it’s all of that I have visibility into, that’s given me the confidence in the improvement I talked about both in terms of operating margin as well as earnings growth in the year ahead.
Cliff Burrows: Thanks, Troy. Thanks, John. It really was an intense focus on the operations of our stores and our partners did an amazing job just getting about on daily work and that was focusing on the customers we had in front of us. Treat Receipt was well received by both our partners because they’re familiar with it and our customers because it was an all-favorite coming back. Between Treat Receipt and LivingSocial, I’d say that accounted for about 1% comp growth in the period where we run it and we also in this period launched our Refreshers platform, which was in there in handcrafted and in cans in our stores, and all of that gathered a momentum and gave us good pace for the future. So, it really was a great focus on the business and really closed with the way everybody responded.
Cliff Burrows: Matt, hi, it’s Cliff. The 2,000 you mentioned is obviously a global number approaching the 1,700 in the U.S. last year and then you fit into those categories that Troy said. And we are focusing on each refurbishment to make sure we treat it like a new store and equip it to deal with the changing customer base and changing demand around peak and at different times of the day. We’re looking at it to enhance not only the experience, the seating, the flow and introducing innovation like clover and each time we innovate we bring in clover and that really helps us in many ways, helps us to build the relevance with our customers build our coffee authority and that intimacy and just keep raising the conversation around coffee and the level of our execution. And so there isn’t a sort of a general number I’d give you as the benefit, because each one of them is unique and each one of them we try and do the best thing for our partners in terms of the work environment and our customers in terms of the experience and we’ll do a similar number in the coming year in the U.S.
Cliff Burrows: Yeah, if I can answer, so the other piece I think is about our people. We have invested greatly in our managers and our leadership and giving the tools to our partners to do their work and I think that has really helped us in terms of the amount of time we have to connect with customers, to improve the quality of the customer experience and the relationships we form. I think there’s nothing better to support that than the fact we have 3 million Gold Card members as part of our My Starbucks Rewards and that just gives this dialogue and immediate feedback and such a richness. And I think just to give you a little bit of additional (inaudible), we’ve seen strong growth across the whole of the U.S. in August and September, and if I look back on the year as a whole, I’d also say that. And the work we’ve been doing around day parts, whether that is building capacity at peak or enhancing the food offer around other day parts, we have seen growth on all day parts. So we continue to grow at peak in the morning, but also at lunch, afternoons and now into the evenings. And I think that is what gives us the confidence about both the opportunity to grow more stores in the U.S. and to continue to grow average unit volumes by spending on day parts and our ability to deal with peak capacity. Thank you.
Cliff Burrows: Thank you, Jason, it’s Cliff. It is very early days and we have had 10 stores open in San Francisco where we have been developing and testing a specific line of pastries and muffins and the like for the morning business, we’re really encouraged by that, and that’s really been the very early steps. This week and next week we launch in San Jose and that would be our first time outside of the San Francisco market and that will give us new learnings. The reaction from our partners in our stores about the quality of the food and the enhanced pride they’ve got to share those products with the customers, the taste is absolutely fantastic and the reaction from customers in the stores we have served it so far has been fantastic. I think we’ll be in a much better position after the San Jose launch to give a bit of color, a bit of a flavor and more detail of our rollout plans at the Analyst Conference in early December in New York. So, nothing specific to share, but we’ve seen a great reaction so far.
Howard Schultz: The store in Spring Street in SOHO is the prime example of that – of a significant remodel and as a result of that significant return on investment and an enhanced customer experience. I just mentioned that because it’s in New York.
Howard Schultz: This is Howard. I’ll start, I think it’s very interesting and multidimensional question. If you look at the last few years, there is no question that the economic environment in the U.S. has been very challenging, fragile, and depending on the region, very difficult at times. I would – I’m not an economist, but I would say that the consumer environment is somewhat bifurcated and has been for a couple of years. And I wouldn’t describe Starbucks literally as a luxury brand, but I think we occupy a very unique space that is the premium brand and luxury brand within our space. At the same time, we are still very much an affordable luxury by not only people who are at the high-end of luxury consumers, but people who can afford Starbucks in all walks of life. In addition to that, I think we have been able as evidenced by Q4 and I think this is really important and highly relevant. We’ve been able to thread the needle to maintain and preserve and enhance our premium position as a premium brand, while at the same time, developing, offering and creating value propositions for our customers that in no way dilute the equity of the brand, but reward our customers by, in a sense, putting our feet in their shoes and developing value for them. Having said all that, I think we are highly confident that despite any turn in the current economy that we can anticipate that we have the tools, the resources and most importantly, the power in the marketplace to navigate through this by what we’ve been able to learn and the muscle memory that is inside the DNA of the company since transforming the company in 2008. I do think the burden of proof is on companies and consumer brands to recognize there is a seismic change in consumer behavior, as I alluded to in my remarks, as a result of social and digital media and the emergence of mobile commerce and mobile payments. But we are in the most desirable position because of the investments we’ve made over the last few years to not only be the leader in the space, but now have the tools, the resources and the capability to leverage those channels and means in a way that is almost unparallel in the marketplace. So the short answer is, we are optimistic that we – and we’re confident that we can continue to navigate through changes in the economy and we’ve done it now year-over-year and I think turn in Q4 is not only stunning but gives us great confidence as we head into fall holiday in 2013.
Howard Schultz: Thank you for the question. This is Howard. I respectfully say, no. I think all of us at Starbucks are deeply committed to preserving and enhancing the equity of the Starbucks brand. And as a result of that, we want to be extremely disciplined and thoughtful about how, when and with who we might do things that create an offer, whether it’s Treat Receipt that we did on our own or the relationship we developed with LivingSocial. I don’t think that you’re going to see Starbucks go on sale or anything like that. I do think that we have to be ultra-sensitive to the economic issues and the pressure on the consumer, but I think we’ve demonstrated over 41 years that the best anecdote for us is the experience we create in our stores, the quality of the coffee and the level of innovation. I think what we haven’t talked about today is because it isn’t appropriate is the pipeline of products categories and innovation that we have in the near and long-term future, which I think is the strongest pipeline in the history of the company. We’ve taken great steps to recognize that the status quo in our business or any business isn’t going to be good enough, but I don’t think we’re going to go down the road of discounting Starbucks. We’re doing things on an ongoing basis that was highly selective at the time and we’re not going to do that on a consistent basis.
Howard Schultz: Jeff, you want to just address the attachment on pods that we’re seeing? John Culver Well, it’s still very early. We’re only – we only got a months’ worth of data, but at purchase we’re seeing significant multiples of purchases of pods, actually well ahead of our expectations.
Howard Schultz: The other thing I would add and I think this is important and Troy alluded to this in his remarks. The launch of Verismo is the launch of a product, but behind the scenes it is the launch of a platform and a deep strategic commitment that we have to the single-serve category domestically and globally. If you look around the world at what Espresso has done building a multibillion dollar business, what Keurig and Green Mountain have done and then the nascent space that we believe exists in Asia and our brand position. This is a global long-term multibillion dollar business and we are just getting started. Verismo is just the beginning.
John Culver: Yeah. Hi, Jeffrey, this is John Culver. First off, the opportunity that we have in China is enormous and we continue to see very strong acceptance of the Starbucks brand and when we’re opening our new stores, we’re opening both in our existing cities as well as new cities. We now are in 52 cities across the country. We opened 12 new cities this past year. And as Troy touched on, we’re seeing a three times sales to investment ratio over the last two years. So all indications for us is that China represents right now the most immediate and fastest retail growth opportunity that the company has in front of us, and with that what we’re doing are making significant investments around our people in terms of ramping up the investment and the hiring and training of people to staff the new stores as well as investment in infrastructure from a supply chain and IT perspective. We’ve also localized our design resource to help enable speed into the market of opening our new stores and then also invested heavily in research and development so that we can have locally relevant products that match the flavor profiles that our Chinese consumers want. In terms of the real estate that we’re seeing, we are seeing an abundance of available real estate and we’ve invested in local teams in the major provinces in the major cities to go out and to capture that real estate opportunity and what we’re seeing is that we’ve been very well-received in the new cities that we’re in, we are going into. Consumer response, we’re seeing lines out the door and the new stores in these new cities are exceeding our expectations. So we’re very optimistic and very bullish on the opportunity. We’re going to stay very focused and very disciplined in the investments and monitoring the performance of our new stores and our existing stores and we’re going to continue to drive relevant innovation into the stores so that we can continue to sustain the growth. And as Troy pointed out in his comments also, there is a rebalancing that’s taking place that as we continue to accelerate the new store growth, more of our sales growth is going to come from new stores versus comparable sales growth. So you’re going to see a rebalancing of the portfolio and as part of that more company-owned stores versus licensed stores which is going to have a slight impact on margin over time.
John Culver: I haven’t seen anything that’s concerning to me at this point in time. I mean we monitor this very closely, obviously are aware of others – people’s challenges in China, but for us, we’re continuing to make the investments. We’re taking a long-term view and we’re pushing forward.
John Culver: Hey, Jeff, just one other thing I’d like to also comment on in terms of real estate, one of the things that we did earlier this year is host the first ever landlord real estate conference in Summit where we brought in all the major owners of key developments across China. And Howard and I and Arthur Rubinfeld had the opportunity to sit and address them and talk about the investments we’re going to make in China from a growth perspective, talk to them and share new designs and really start to build the unique partnerships that we wanted to go after with these key landlords and that is paying huge dividends for us.
Michelle Gass: Hi, John, it’s Michelle. Thanks for the question. U.K. is the central part of our strategy going forward, which is really a sea change in our opening plans. We see the licensing and franchising opportunity as tremendous. And it does a couple of things. First of all, it gives us access to places probably on the high street, which as I mentioned in the call earlier is largely where we are penetrated. And we have not only agreed with our existing great partners like SSP or Autogrill to have a more accelerated plan, but also bringing in new partners like for example in the U.K. Euro Garages, which is going to help us and compliment with us our plans to expand into hundreds of drive-thrus across the region over the next few years. We see absolutely tremendous opportunity but it’s largely about the new growth and our new growth will be dominated by licensing. We also are actively looking at the franchising opportunity and we have put that strategy in place in the U.K. and we are looking to extend that strategy across Continental Europe. And then as it relates to our existing base, we’ll look at smart opportunities that make sense for the business then for our customers.
Michelle Gass: Yes. Thank you for the question. As I said earlier we face tremendous competition not only with a, I’ll call them bigger chains but also with many small operators across the region. As I said I visited now many, many markets throughout my first year and what I will tell you consistently across both our customer and our partner feedback is what the customer is looking for is the Starbucks experience. And that – what we bring is unique product whether it’s our Espresso, our Frappuccino, importantly the environment, free WiFi all of which are assets and we’re also very focused on building like we’ve seen in the U.S. our digital platform, our service rewards platforms etcetera. So I would say that there hasn’t been tremendous change for say over the year, but we are getting a lot closer to the customer and navigating in ways to bring local relevancy and that relates to, as I mentioned, focusing on espresso, bringing a new level of innovation in that category, and I’ll be speaking to that when we’re together in December and that’s not only with products but in delivery systems. It’s also around our food and importantly our environment. We’ve now built a local design team in Europe, like in Amsterdam and some in the U.K. to really bring that local design edge to the customer experience.
Michelle Gass: Sure. Thank you, Bonnie for the question. I think there is few layers to that. First, let me address the customer experience. To build on what I said, really emphasizing what Starbucks has done so brilliantly over the last 40 years, is the first half get hand and we have done some things new in the region that we haven’t done anywhere else in the world at this scale, which is things like deepening the personal connection, names on cups, names on partners. And I can tell you that on roundtable since we’ve put that in place the customers are really seeing this now as a unique thing that Starbucks does. And they are getting to know their customers in much deeper ways. We’re taking advantage of our social media channel. We are outpacing many of competitors in the region. We have more than doubled our presence in Facebook and Twitter. We have done new websites across the region, both in company-owned and in licensed stores, all of which are surrounding and enhancing the customer experience. As it relates to food, we’ve made nice progress. I will tell you we’re just getting started. In the U.K. we re-launched our muffin platform; dramatic improvement in quality. We’re seeing that show up in customer response and in our sales. We’re also doing some testing on new distribution models for food. We’re working through and we stated this throughout the year. We had a major change in our logistics and we’re working through that. We’re very confident that as we move to the year ahead we’ve worked out some of the start-up challenges that any retailer would have with that scale of a change. And then to your specific question around Germany. As we studied the food opportunity there, there is lots of regional opportunities that we can take advantage of. The core Starbucks and the customer of Germany they want the core offerings. They want the muffins and the cakes and we have an opportunity to do a better job there.
