Laxman Narasimhan: Well, there were several questions in there so let me just break this up. There was a question on the third quarter. There was a question about our expectations for the balance of the year. And then there was a question about the -- what I've said earlier about my confidence and the multiple paths to achieving the 10% to 12% growth as well as the 15% to 20% earnings growth, and I'll comment on all three. So let me first start with Q3. Q3 for us was a very strong quarter, as Rachel mentioned as well. It's in line with our expectations. Our comps were consistent every month. We came off a lap in Q2, which was the impact of Omicron, and so we had a 7% comp, very consistent month over bond. The comp in Q3 was lapping a 9% comp from last year, so the 16% comp on a two year basis. And so if you look at this, it's really the strength of the brand, the actions and pricing we took but also the growing levels of customization and the levels of food attach that Rachel mentioned as well. And that is what led to the average weekly sales in Q3 continuing to break records. Now your question on transactions. Transactions in Q3 grew year-over-year across all dayparts. Traffic is below 2019 levels but units per store are above the 2019 average coming from higher food attach. So the food growth along with more customization and judicious price increases led to this record weekly sales that you saw in the quarter. So transactions, as I said, have grown year-over-year across all dayparts. We also had a strong increase in ticket. There's a sort of balance between the pricing, which is very judicious, but also customization and increase in the number of units. Delivery sales doubled in Q3 compared to a year ago, most of which is incremental occasions for our customers. So that's Q3. Let me just highlight something about our loyal customers because that, in some ways, gives you a sense of the strength of the brand. Our [indiscernible] active Starbucks Rewards members have grown 4 million in number year-over-year. They come in more frequently, they buy more. And interestingly enough, as we've seen our sizes, we actually see the growth of our largest sizes over our smaller sizes. So we're not seeing the down trading in our customer base. Our stored value credit, the balance of the card is also great sequentially. That’s how we exit Q3. As you look at the balance of the year, we feel that, first of all, the annualization of the pricing actions will continue. We don’t have any lagging significant comp impacts from the previous year. And we do expect pricing trends to moderate as we go into the final quarter, as you said, but we do expect to end the year in line with the comp expectations of 7% to 9% growth that we had set. Now in terms of answering your question about the long term, the – what I have seen in both top line as well as in the earnings growth gives me real confidence in the fact that what we’ve guided to previously, the 10% to 12% revenue growth and the earnings growth of 15% to 20%, we have multiple paths to getting to that. So that just really signals the resilience of the business, the durability of the brand and the multiple paths we see, both in terms of top line as well as earnings growth, which I’m happy to elaborate on.
Laxman Narasimhan: So we're feeling very good about the progress we are making in this area. Our foundational reinvention plan that we announced last year is essential to the improvements that we're seeing now. We're making very good progress on it. There are meaningful improvements in the store environment as well as the productivity gains that we're making. Our equipment rollout is on track. Our peaks are growing faster than the rest of the dayparts. And we're making strong progress on the scheduling and staffing basis. If you look on the retail team, barista turnover is down, as I said, 9% reduction versus previous year, a 2% reduction versus just the second quarter. And what you see is the combination of investments as well as the scheduling improvements that we're making, the economic proposition, the take-home pay to our baristas has improved by 20% year-over-year and we have more improvements coming. And you're going to see us make improvements month-over-month in terms of improvements that we're making. I mean, we're going to ensure that we continue to increase these average hours through better staffing and scheduling but also work to accommodate their preferences, including the many that we attract to a keen on a part-time schedule. So this is progress that we're making week over week, month over month, and there's more to come next year.
Laxman Narasimhan: Well, let me just close with a couple of observations. I was in the China market for an extended period in this quarter. And I got to actually work with our partners and stores. I got to spend time in our supply chain. I got to spend time in our support centers, including looking at our teams that are leading what we do in digital. And I have to tell you, I've been going to China, studying China, advising on China, running business with China for 20 years. And this is a very unique business. It's been a business that's been built with love, and it's remarkable in terms of the passion our partners have. I was very impressed. I think it is still early days. I mean, when you start looking at the headroom you have, and as Belinda said, the headroom is large. So as people come into the market, they're essentially driving a conversion of tea to coffee, which of course, remember, for 20 years, we've been doing and we've got to 12 cups per capita. The numbers, by the way, significantly higher in Shanghai, but it's still much lower than a tea drinking country like Japan, which has had a history of coffee house culture over time. So the headroom is really large. If you look at what we also do with our brand, don't forget, we have these -- we proudly serve a Starbucks points of customer connection. In addition, our ready-to-drink partnership with is also growing significantly. And we're also available for coffee at home, so our brand is being built across multiple channels and the investments we're making in digital are very strong. With the investments we're making to more vertically integrate our supply chain, it gives a greater flexibility in China and also greater productivity. So I think in addition to that, your other question on productivity, as I look at what I see with regard to the opportunities we have both in the stores and out of our stores, and that, by the way, cuts across all the whole business, we have further productivity options, which just gave us confidence on margin in terms of the progressive margin improvement that we have made. So early days in China, market going to expand and further opportunities for us to get productivity.
Laxman Narasimhan: Great. I'll take that. As I look at what we've been working on over the last six months or so, it's very clear that the investments we're making in our stores is yielding the kind of productivity that you would see, the efficiency as well as the throughput that we get. But what is interesting is if you look end to end, we have opportunities pretty much everywhere, both in terms of what we buy, how we buy it, how we flow products to stores, the services that we provide to our business, the technology investments that we're making, we have opportunities everywhere. And I think that’s part of the reason why you see we’ve added Arthur Valdez to the team. And just an example, the availability of record sandwiches went up over the course of the last quarter. And what you see as a consequence of that is the attach rates went up as a result of it. And so I think that those are just examples of the kind of improvements we’re seeing. Clearly, we’re seeing benefits, as you know, with regard to freight and the cost of it. And the ability for us to rethink how we do what we do is large. And so there is opportunity there for us in terms of bringing automation in, flowing products better, buying better and frankly, developing a supply base that can also keep up with the kind of scale and growth plans that we have.
Laxman Narasimhan: I think first of all, let me just clarify something. In your question, I think you suggested -- you made a couple of comments about our Starbucks Rewards members. Let me just give you -- let me just address that. We have more of them, so we had a 4 million growth year-over-year. It's a 15% growth. Our Starbucks Rewards members come in more frequently. So they're not coming in less frequently, they come in more frequently. They buy more after joining the program, right? And as I said, they're also choosing larger sizes as they come in. The investments we have made in marketing and what we're doing with digital, in particular, what it tells you is that we are even further increasing the pace at which we are bringing innovation and changes in terms of what we do. We have a whole list of benefits that we could bring. And we're taking up the agility in the company in terms of the investments we make, which will help us make this even bigger and stronger. So that's the way I would address your question about the Starbucks Rewards members. It's a key area of growth. The other thing you should be aware of is as we have scaled this, we have scaled this to connect, which is all our licensed stores. And I think 40% of our licensed stores today have connect, and we're seeing growth in our license business as well as a consequence of that. Finally, we're scaling this globally. You're seeing us take it to our geographic partners the Starbucks Digital Solutions. There is very strong adoption. And you see the kind of results you see, which our geographic license partners are announcing or are sharing with us. I mean, very strong results, and Starbucks Digital Solutions is extremely capable of delivering that. In China, we're seeing real growth there, too. And in fact, that is where we're making a big investment as well in digital because we see that as a way not just to strengthen our relationship but also to drive results through what we do with digital. So I think overall, this is a big area. It's a big area of focus for me. And it's part of the second big priority for us around strengthening and scaling digital. I’ll make a last comment. We have a fundamentally amazing capability called Deep Brew inside the company. It’s where we have made investments in machine learning and artificial intelligence. I think the ability for us to be at the vanguard of this and to early adopt what we do in this area furthermore, given all the innovations that are going on, and the re-platforming that’s going on just gives me greater confidence in what we do in digital. This will be a key area of growth for us.
Laxman Narasimhan: I think, John, thank you for the question. Let me first start with your peak question. We're doing definitely better than what we did before because of the investments that we are making, but we still have further headroom. And I think as we make more investments as we sort of further refine how we think about scheduling and staffing, how we ensure that we get the flows right in our store, we will have the ability to take that up even further. So the peak day parts are actually growing and growing really well. Now to answer your question about opportunities, there's opportunity pretty much across the board. If I look at beverage and beverage innovation, terrific, strong innovation coming, more to come. If I look at dayparts, we have opportunities in the afternoon daypart. And our Starbucks Refreshers is a way for us to attack that. And as you know, we have -- it's a big and sizable business, but it doesn't yet fully meet the full needs of what we could do in the afternoon. If I look at food attach, it’s at the highest level we’ve had, but we have the ability for us to continue to elevate and innovate in food in order for us to further grab the opportunity that we have there. Delivery is an opportunity that, as I said, it’s just early days. I mean, we’ve also built a $1 billion lag. And that’s just the U.S. If I look at China, too, it’s growing enormously. So we have a leg there too in terms of what we can do with delivery. And furthermore, I said earlier that we actually have an opportunity with regard to the net store growth in the U.S. There’s real headroom for us to also locate our stores where we see customer growth, smaller towns, different geographies. And we’re clearly looking at all of it, not just with our own stores but also with licensed stores. So John, it’s a pretty rich set of areas as I look at growth and what we could get that is available for us, and this is just North America.
Laxman Narasimhan: I just want to say one thing. I think we're at the top of the hour but there are a few more questions online. And so we're going to go over and take those questions.
Laxman Narasimhan: Sara, to your question about our store network and how we see it, I am not concerned. I mean, I think there's a very small number of stores that you would normally consider, that we would consider in the normal course of business that we would look at and say we may have a challenge with them. But there's nothing in there that concerns me. What I'm looking at more from the standpoint of net store growth are the opportunities we have to further enhance our presence in many markets where we are underpenetrated but also exposed in some of our core markets, multiple formats. I think we've referenced this before as purpose-driven formats in terms of what we can bring into markets in order to meet various needs that customers have.
Laxman Narasimhan: Right. We have very strong share in out-of-home coffee. I think we're tied for #1 so we feel good about that. At the same time, what you are seeing with the customer is the customer is becoming more on-the-go. And what you are seeing with that is if you stop looking at channels where we have products like we have with our North American coffee partnership or frankly, our stores or our licensed stores, we're clearly benefiting from more from customers on the go. So you see some of that shift take place. But at-home coffee, our shares are very strong. Go ahead, please.
Laxman Narasimhan: Just one thing I'd add to is our pipeline of equipment innovation is very strong. And the way we manage the portfolio, the way we manage the pipeline is very strong. And if you look at some of the commitments that we have made around investments like the portable cold foam blender, it's one of the fastest rollouts in our history in terms of how it's reached all our stores. So when we have them ready, when we do the renovations, when we have new stores built in automatically, they are actually getting the Siren System. And I feel very good about the way we are managing the portfolio of investments that we are making in this area.
Laxman Narasimhan: Great. Let me take this point on the top line. First of all, Starbucks is an iconic brand with a very strong appeal and durability. If we just look in the last year, the affinity of our brand has strengthened, right? The brand has ranged across consumer segments, across geographies, across occasions. So to your question on top line, we have a historically high number of customers who visit our stores. But it's also in many of the markets around the world, even as China recovers. We have a strong pipeline of innovation across beverage, across food and equipment, and there are even more opportunities across the world with different formats, as I mentioned earlier, with dayparts and a focus on dayparts and how we can bring more innovation, particularly on the daypart side and with new business models like delivery. We built this billion-dollar lag, and it's only now beginning operationally refocused on that and saying, how do we ensure that we continue to support that kind of delivery with an operating model that would actually help. I mentioned earlier that we have terrific capabilities in digital as well as in artificial intelligence and machine learning that we're just unleashing with even more agility in terms of how we strengthen and scale with digital. And it's not just our stores but it's also in the Connect stores, and it's at Starbucks digital solutions across the world. We have strengthened pricing capabilities. And as we make these investments, we're going to get even better in terms of revenue management, building on the great work that's already been done in terms of managing mix, in terms of managing sizing and in managing customization. We have a lobby that is further opportunity for us in terms of how we grow. So I think just in terms of that, there's real opportunity. In terms of net store growth, as I mentioned earlier, we do have even more headroom in new store builds, both in the U.S. as well as internationally. Our China number is the milestone to even get greater penetration. And some of the opportunities we see and the unit economics that we see in Asia, Europe, Latin America and Africa is real. And we have a range of formats where we can deliver this third place experience but also deliver experiential convenience powered by digital in an omnichannel way. So I look at its brand, I look at its consumer appeal, I look at its durability, I look at its strength, I look at its range, it feels very good to me that we will get to a revenue growth of 10% to 12%, and by the way, the earnings growth of 15% to 20% over time.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you all for joining us on this third quarter 2023 earnings call. I deeply appreciate it, and I look forward to seeing you all in November. Until then, thank you.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yeah. And Andrew, I would just follow that up with as we look at the performance in China, we're encouraged by the healthy margins that we're seeing today. And even as we see a shift more towards digital, which does have a lower margin percentage overall, it's driving more revenue. And that's no better way to drive margin expansion than through sales leverage, so we're encouraged by what we're seeing today. In addition to that, the team has been very judicious about creating operational efficiencies so the margin opportunity in China continues to be healthy. That said, if we do see that there are challenges in the future, we've structured our guidance such that it allows us room, which is one of the reasons why we're very intentional and being more directive around qualitative language on margins, saying this year would be solid margin expansion and the future would be progressive, which will allow us to continue to navigate the business and continue to invest where needed so that we can deliver on that 15% to 20% earnings growth that we've guided to.
Rachel Ruggeri: Hi, Peter. This is Rachel. Thank you for the question. We've been encouraged by the performance we've seen in North America, both on the top line and on the bottom line. And year-to-date in North America, we're sitting at about 19.9% (ph) margin with about 40 basis points of expansion, and that's driven by a combination of sales leverage, pricing, the benefits from the reinvention plan showing up in productivity, which is helping to offset some of the investments we've made and we see opportunity to continue to expand margin over the long term as the benefits of the reinvention continue to amplify. And so I would look at that as really the reinvention is a significant driver of our opportunity in terms of margin expansion. Through reinvention, we're unlocking capacity to be able to serve demand that leads to sales leverage. And in addition to that, we're creating efficiency and resiliency in the middle of the business that's also supporting margin expansion. So I look at it more about what we've already seen progress today with reinvention, what we would expect to see going forward. And that leads us to solid margin expansion at the company level this year and progressive margin expansion in the future, which of course, will be driven in large part by North America.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Sara. I'll take the first question around comp. And when we look at the balance of the year related to comp, we just expect the momentum in the business to continue. So when you think about in North America in this current quarter, we were encouraged by the fact that our growth in comp was a combination of transaction growth. So we saw transactions grow above prior year in every single daypart. And that was coupled with an elevated ticket. And that was a combination of not only strategic pricing but a balanced contribution from increased customization as well as record attach. That drove strong growth in the quarter that, I would say, from a revenue standpoint, we have fundamentals from a revenue perspective that are broad. And we would expect that to continue, that momentum to continue as we look at the balance of the year and going on a full year basis. So that will continue to be fueled through innovation as well as through continued growth in our digital customer rewards membership and our increasing capability around convenience, including growth in digital. So we see all of that as signs to help support the 7% to 9% comp range that we've guided on a full year basis. Now when you think about outside of North America, we'd say we expect our recovery to sustain in China, and that was through the guidance I gave around a low to mid-single-digit comp on a full year basis as well as contribution from International and the momentum we're seeing. So we think across the board, the momentum we're seeing, the recovery in China, coupled with the strong performance we're seeing in North America gives us the confidence to be able to maintain the 7% to 9% comp range on a full year basis for North America and then at the high end of the range for total company.
Rachel Ruggeri: But I would add that we are seeing a balance in the portfolio. So that's one of the things we're encouraged by is that while we are seeing consumer behavior shift some, we're seeing an increase in our ready-to-drink both domestically and internationally. And that's helping to support the margin expansion we saw in this quarter and the mid-40s margin that we're guiding to on a full year basis. So I would say in this case, it's the strength of the diversified portfolio that's working to our advantage.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yeah. From a Siren System standpoint, we're in the -- just the testing phase today. We're on track to be able to launch in conjunction with our renovations in new stores next year. And next year, we expect to be less than 10% of our stores will have the Siren System, reaching about 40% of our stores by the year 2026. And so we're encouraged by the progress we're seeing, we're seeing good results, and we do expect it will help lead to margin expansion in the future. It will be one of the many, what I'd say, equipment investments we're making as well as the investments we're making in the staffing and scheduling within our stores as well as the overall operational excellence focus that the team has. The combination of all of that in North America will lead to a more stabilized production environment, which will help drive margin expansion well into the future. And so we're encouraged by what we're seeing today and we're looking forward to furthering the launch.
