Troy Alstead: John, on the first question, the transition of the packaged coffee business won't have a large revenue impact this year, because it really is that transitional year where we'll pick up the business probably through the year. As we move into 2012, we fully expect to have the full revenue of that business brought onto our P&L, as well as the full earnings, and then be able to drive that business going forward. Now I will point out that we pick up revenue out of that relationship today, so the benefit that we'll pick up going forward will be a net of an increased customer revenue that we'll see hit our P&L, net of some of the revenues that's already there. Once we get a little bit further into this transition and have the business in-house and have the full business ready to go for 2012, we'll talk a little bit more about what those ongoing targets look like, but not a dramatic change to anything in 2011. Now on the margin side, the long-term margin expectation we have for our CPG business subsequent to this transition is 30% to 35%, which is what we talked about at the investor conference in December. This year, we expect that margin to be in that 25% to 30% range, as I mentioned, driven and impacted much more by this transitional impact of this year. So some one-time and unusual impacts in fiscal '11. On an ongoing basis, we would expect that, that margin to be north of 30% again.
Troy Alstead: With respect to coffee costs, Sharon, at the time we had laid out our previous expectations of that $0.08 to $0.10 impact, as you will remember, we didn't have very much of the 2011 coffee needs locked at that point in time. So it was very much based on what we did have committed, and then projections based on our own experts and experts in the industry of what was going to happen over the balance of this year. As the coffee prices began to escalate as we moved through December, we took the decision to remove that risk from this year, we think the responsible decision, and lock our pricing and commit to that throughout 2011. The result of that is that the movement in the "C" price between, say November or December and now, is not reflective of that increase and what we expect our underlying coffee costs to be over that span of time. So hopefully, that helps reconcile that difference for you. In terms of pricing, what I would say there, and we've spoken about this a tremendous amount lately, one of the big capabilities, important capabilities that we invested in and developed and continue to perfect as we came through the last 18 months or so, was our work around pricing architecture. That's been extremely valuable to us, and we continue to utilize that on an ongoing basis. We believe that there is opportunity to continue to provide significant value to customers through the loyalty card, through very competitive and value-oriented pricing on the things that matter most to them. And then, selectively, periodically, in various markets, adjust other prices as appropriate. So that is what we intend to do. And I would just point out that we don't expect to use pricing as a full measure of offsetting these commodity costs by any means. It's one tool we have. We also have a number of initiatives in the business around costs, around efficiency, that we are, wherever we can, accelerating, to ensure that we execute those in 2011 and help us offset what is a very unusual spike in coffee prices currently.
Troy Alstead: And then, David, on your second question around revenue growth, what I would say to that is we believe our existing portfolio of businesses and the things we are doing to drive growth internationally, to continue to drive unit growth and same-store sales growth in the U.S. and our core lineup of products, can drive us to that 10%-plus revenue growth. We're committed to that. We're putting the plans in place to achieve that over time. We don't have specific targets for you yet around an expanded CPG Business, but suffice to say that we believe that as we transition that business in-house, as we drive more effectiveness, do a better job down the aisle, and as we add to that platform over time in ways that we think nobody can do except for us, given our ability to move customers back and forth between our stores and the CPG channel, all those things will be additive over time to that 10% revenue growth expectation.
Troy Alstead: What I'd say -- let me answer the last part first, Michael, and that is we expect that the $0.20 is a very solid number. While we do have pressures in other commodities, coffee is the vast majority of that, and we've locked that pricing this year. So no, I don't expect the $0.20 to move, and if it does, it would be just tiny movements and probably would still round to roughly that $0.20 impact. Now to the first part of your question, we don't have spot rates embedded. What we have is forward rates and our expectation of what we see happening in those markets combined with some hedging in places. So for example, with respect to dairy, we have about 30% of our expected use of dairy over the balance of this year hedged. So the combination of hedged and committed prices with what we see in the forward markets leads to that assumption. Similarly, with some of the other commodities that are less impactful to us but are still out there, sugar and some other things, we've got some hedging in place modestly to help mitigate some of those cost increases. And then we've got our expectations for the future that round out the rest of it. But again, what I would say is our efforts in December of 2010 to lock coffee prices is to remove that risk this year, and it's positioned us to make it a known quantity that we now are prepared to address as we go through the balance of the year.
Troy Alstead: Let me, Matt, first speak to the first question. We have locked our coffee prices for fiscal 2011. And yes, we locked those prices at lower than today's spot rates. And again, that was some efforts we did as we saw the market moving up. It turns out to be in a very favorable move for us at the time, as we have our coffee needs met for the year at prices higher than last year but at a manageable level. With respect to our transition of our packaged coffee business, we have, as we said before, terminated our relationship with Kraft, effective March 1. We are building the infrastructure, putting our plans in place to transition the business as of that date. Now with that said, as you're aware, there are proceedings in place that I won't go into detail on, but I think you're well aware that there are some legal proceedings and there's an arbitration process, both of which we expect could impact a number of things. And we'll leave the details of that to the arbitrator, but I would just speak in general to the fact that we're prepared, we're ready and we're putting our plans in place to take it over on March 1.
Troy Alstead: Let me take the first one, then I'll hand it off for the second question about VIA internationally. What has happened as we have watched what's happening in the coffee market and ultimately moved to a place where we've locked and committed our pricing at this point in time, is we've concurrently seen a couple of things happen. First of all, the results of our first quarter were outstanding. It surpassed our own expectations. We're very confident about what we expected to see coming into the holiday period. And then we're dramatically surprised on the positive side by transaction growth, by how our holiday lineup resonated with consumers and, importantly, our business unit's ability to deliver that strong top line growth into dramatic margin improvement at the bottom line, all of which you see laid out as you look at our Q1 result. The strength of that business momentum, some of that margin improvement in International and the U.S. happening more aggressively, more dramatically and, certainly, earlier than we would have predicted, that's part of the offset. That's much of what gives us confidence as we look at the coming few quarters. And then I'd also say everywhere we can, we are looking very closely at how to manage our business more efficiently. And as you know, much of the last two years has been a series of initiatives we've had internally to improve the efficiency of our store operations, of our supply chain, of our back office. And we continue to have initiatives underway, routinely, consistently and constantly, to drive more efficiently in the back end to allow us to deliver results and to allow us at the same time to invest in the future. Where we can, we've accelerated those initiatives, we've doubled down on those kinds of things. And those go a long way toward helping us offset the coffee costs initiative, combined with just the improving business performance that we saw in the first quarter.
Troy Alstead: Sure, Keith. Let me try to speak to that. The first thing I'd mention is the first quarter was an exceptional quarter in International. There's no question about that. That business has been, clearly, taking the lessons from the U.S. as we've worked harder to increase [ph] partnership, to bring to bear outside of the U.S. all the things that helped us transform the business here and drive increased profitability. Much of that came together, in a very powerful way, in the first quarter. And some of that improvement is similar to what we've seen in the U.S., a seasonally driven high-margin rate in the first quarter. Similarly, in the U.S., where we saw that 21.9%, I wouldn't expect 21.9% margins in the U.S. every quarter. We definitely have some seasonality, as you're aware of. And there's some element to that internationally as well. With that said, we're very much bringing to bear the further improvements internationally. We're also cognizant of, as John mentioned earlier, all the heavy lifting that we still have to do, some of which will involve more investments in the quarters ahead around people, around infrastructure, around systems and processes. And so our journey to permanently landing the International business in that mid- to upper teens will also involve some investments in the quarters ahead. But with that said, I guess the underlying message here is, there's no question, International exceeded our expectations in the quarter. It's moving up the ramp even faster than we thought, and that gives us a tremendous amount of confidence in the guidance we have this year, but much more significant than this year, in where we think that business can go in 2012 and in 2013.
Troy Alstead: Yes, let me speak to part of that. Then I'm going to ask Cliff Burrows, our U.S. president, to address it in even more depth. You heard correct in my prepared comments, which is that those systems are fully in place now. But as we've been saying for quite some time, there is a transitional period of time, a learning curve, where we expect to really use this year, all of fiscal '11, to learn the various additional capabilities that we have at the store level. We very much expect as we move through this year, but more impactfully as we move into 2012, that those new tools will help improve the customer experience in our stores, the partner experience in our stores and will yield us efficiencies over time, all very important parts of why we chose to make those investments. With that said, how I view things like our new point-of-sale and our inventory management system are additional tools for us over time to help drive margin improvement, but importantly, to give us tools and ways to offset all the natural cost pressures that are there in any given year. Those might be commodity pressures that we face this year, they maybe occupancy pressures in different markets at different times. This is just one more tool that, while we will see some of those inflationary pressures, we believe we can sustain U.S. margins and even build them further based on tools such as this.
Troy Alstead: Let me speak at a high level, but I'd invite others here to jump in. I would expect -- here's what we saw in the first quarter. We saw increased VIA sales through both of those channels. As you know, VIA was rolled out in our Starbucks stores much earlier in the year and so had more time to get up that sales curve. And we are very pleased with the level and the rate of VIA growth in our Starbucks stores in the first quarter, part of which was driven by existing SKUs, part of which was driven by new SKUs, such as Flavors and such as Christmas Blend VIA. I'll also point out that our CPG business is accelerating rapidly, and we would expect that business, with respect to VIA sales, to accelerate more rapidly as we move through the balance of this year, as that business adds distribution, as we increasingly drive frequency and repeat purchases. With that, let me ask, perhaps, Jeff Hansberry to comment a little bit more on the CPG channel.
Jeff Hansberry: With regard to coffee pricing, relative to where we are today, Kraft is still in control of the contract. Therefore, pricing is at their discretion. When the contract ends on March 1 and we bring the business back, pricing will be at the discretion of Starbucks.
Jeff Hansberry: And, Troy, if I could add to your point, we are well positioned to take the business back on March 1. We have already taken the Tazo tea business back, as Howard mentioned, on January 1 and are now selling and shipping that business to our customers in the United States. And again, we are well positioned and ready for the March 1 date and look forward to it.
Jeff Hansberry: Yes. What we're seeing on VIA, if we look at Q1, we saw growth, as Troy said, on both sides of the equation, both in our retail stores and in CPG. What we expect as we go forward, as the brand grows, awareness grows and repeat grows, that we will see a migration of volume towards CPG channels, as people become aware of the brand and try it. One of the drivers of growth on the retail side in Q1 was the launch of flavors. We'll start to see the benefit of Flavors in Q2 in CPG as we launch flavors. In fact, we're picking up significant distribution behind the Flavors and Ice launches that will start to show up at retail as early as this month.
