Tory Alstead: The card balances were reasonably close in the quarter. We don’t have specific numbers I can produce for you right now. I would remind you that last year in the first quarter we had a heavily discounted card program through Costco which was conscious decision in that first quarter of 2008 to really drive traffic in what was an extremely difficult quarter. We did not continue that program this year and so offered no discounts through the card program so we are very, very pleased we had the great reaction we did to cards even without that heavy discounting going on.Matthew Difrisco – Oppenheimer & Co.: There was a headline that came across about VIA going out to the grocery stores. I was listening to the call and feverishly putting down notes but I didn’t get the date when you said you were going to introduce that in to the grocery.
Tory Alstead: It is a little bit less than two points but it is about half that increase in the average ticket was driven by VIA and just the great volumes that we sold in the quarter higher than we expected.
Tory Alstead: By the end of the first quarter we had rolled the revised pricing architecture across most of the US, 90% plus of our stores across the US and we’ll complete that roll out really during the second quarter. What I’ll point out as we talked about before John is that it is an initial rearchitecture of pricing that as you know includes many prices coming down really responding to customers’ request for value and reacting to that and providing that to them in our stores, adjusting some of the more complex costly products to make up in the mix of things and that was an impact in the quarter but second or perhaps third on the list of things that impacted our average ticket. I will also point out that the work on pricing now continues forever. We believe we have created some competencies here and built a muscle that will allow us to continually rearchitect pricing based on value, based on customer reaction, based on particular markets and demographics that is an important new tool in our tool belt here going forward.
Tory Alstead: What we have seen with value perception this year is it actually improved. The snapshot of our customers most recently would say they believe Starbucks is offering better value today than we were a year ago and I think that is a reflection of everything we have been doing in our business in terms of how we’re communicating, how we’re differentiating the things that make Starbucks different so that top half of that valuation equation, not just the pricing piece of it but really the differentiating quality elements then also what we have done earlier in the year around parings, the pricing architecture which had some things going up but many, many products in every market coming down. The net effect of all of that has been an improving perception of value among our customers.
Tory Alstead: You’re right on the non-recurring element of the transaction and that was really just the painful transaction accounting relative to that acquisition. On an ongoing basis Spain adds to our top line as we consolidate the revenues from that market and is accretive to earnings overall. It is very, very small in the big scheme of our business, not something that you’ll see pop through the results by any means in the short term but the most important element of that transaction that we completed was really fine tuning our international ownership to put us in a position to own and operate the markets where we see the biggest ultimate long term opportunity. We’ve got great top line in France, we’ve had great reception in the market and we believe in the long term it is a very, very significant, large and deep market for us. It is a place where it is appropriate and we can make the right investments to drive the right long term returns out of that market. That same transaction had us put in the hands of our long partner, excellent partner that we’ve had on the Iberian Peninsula full ownership of Spain and Portugal which also serves our ownership strategy in the right way, smaller markets where they bring great capabilities to bear it puts them in their hands. The big benefits here in France are not so much what you’ll see in fiscal ’10 it is the long term opportunity for us to go after what we think is a big, big market.
Tory Alstead: I think whether we are talking about the US business or the international business we recognize all too well that transaction as a catalyst for growth is something that we have to get. I think it is important to remind everybody we’re dealing with 10% unemployment throughout America and most retailers are not only reporting down traffic but down comps so to get to this level compared to where we were a year to a year and a half ago is quite something. But we certainly recognize the vital importance of creating incrementally for traffic in 2010 and that is where our sites are set.
Tory Alstead: To your cost question you are correct really in the numbers you quote. In the first quarter of last year we had reported about $75 million of our cost program which ramped up throughout the year for a total of $580 by the end of the year. Now, just those actions in 2009 gave us really a great head start in 2010. By annualizing what we did last year that results in a carryover essentially, a lapping effect really of greater than $200 million of more savings that come through the P&L this year and that has given us a real head start for those margin improvement targets and EPS growth targets that I have articulated. Now, in terms of finding more I will tell you we are relentlessly focused on our P&L and ways to improve it. I would not articulate it as cuts however any longer, there was some element of that in the first wave but now this is much, much more about searching for efficiencies in our massive supply chain, in procurement, in distribution, about continuing to uncover ways to be more effective in operating our stores, to reduce waste, to improve the cost structure of the company and to really turn over every rock we can in terms of efficiencies and productivity.  That work will continue, it will continue this year and in the years ahead. To us it is just an important additional tool in addition to innovating and driving the top line to help us offset and overcome the natural cost increases that happen through inflation on the P&L.
Tory Alstead: Then to the question about the margins and international in particular international did have a great first quarter there is no question. The improvement in margin was very, very strong and we’re very pleased by how we’re getting closer to that next milestone for us which will be double digits on the way to our long term target of getting that business in to the mid teens. We also recognize as you’ve heard from us before that this year is largely about international to a great degree where we have focused heavily in the last two years on restructuring and transforming our US business we’re seeing the results of that payoff tremendously for us. Now, we’re turning that same level of focus and attention to international which means there may be as we concurrent with driving improving margins in the business we may be making some investments back in to that business just as a year and a half and two years ago we made investments in to the US. That is what leads us to what we think is a very quite strong and solid margin improvement for the year of 200 to 250 basis points but moderated and reflective of our interest to improve the business at the same time that we heavily invest against it for the long term opportunity that we see ahead of us there.
Tory Alstead: What I would say to that is if you look over the last year or two our mix of brewed coffee has not changed meaningfully. Occasionally perhaps around the edges a bit here and there but it has not been a big trend that I would tell you about in the business so I don’t think that is a particularly meaningful thing to speak to. We’ve always said as over the past year we’ve looked at our business and tried to understand impacts on the business trade down was not a meaningful element that we could find in the business. We’ve analyzed it everywhere we can and there probably was some of it but it was just not something that jumped out in particular. It has always been about largely preserving a core customer, a core Starbucks customer but losing some of their frequency. Much of our efforts in the past year of rebuilding that trust and that relationship with customers has been about regaining frequency but again, without material or substantial changes particularly in that brewed coffee mix.
Tory Alstead: I think the only thing Howard I would add and perhaps underscore a bit is if you go back two years ago when we really began this work in the US the first and foremost focus was very heavily around the customer, the customer experience in store, the elevation of the product and the product quality and our partner experience. Of course we’ve consistently also moved in to managing the P&L and disciplines around growth but I think first and foremost remembering that focus on the customer as we bring those lessons to bear outside of the US is critically important.  Then, disciplines around new store growth, focus on unit economics, the cost to build stores, store profitability, driving same stores sales again, I think the bread and butter of a retail business like ours but those things that were perhaps a bit lacking in the focus and ability to manage a couple of years ago are now very accurately focused on them in the US and bringing that to bear in the UK, in Canada, in China and so on. That’s where we see the opportunity over time.
Howard Schultz: We have not announced the date for grocery nor have we announced where internationally VIA will be. We said it will be in Q3.
Howard Schultz: I think it is still early to be able to kind of articulate what is going to happen but I think the really positive news that we have is two things, trial leads to purchase and we also saw and that is apparent in the average ticket that the people who bought the trial size of three began to trade up to the 12 in subsequent purchases. We have no reason to believe that will change and as Troy said we’re going to spend against VIA both in terms of our retail stores and the introduction at grocery because we feel that we’ve got a very significant opportunity to build a major platform for the company but we have to invest spend against it.
Howard Schultz: I just want to add one thing, when we look at France I think we are significantly under stored versus the opportunity and France has among the highest level of transactions throughout Europe in the system.
Howard Schultz: In international we saw as Troy said earlier, we saw the exact opposite. We saw strong transaction growth overall in our international markets across all international markets and as Tory stated it was right at 4% for the quarter.
Howard Schultz: I think as we look at the portfolio of opportunities that we have and the way in which the coffee market has evolved over the last say five to 10 years, it is clear to us that SBC is just a hidden treasure for the company in terms of its mass appeal. Starbucks coffee in terms of its taste and robustness compared to SBC, SBC is much more approachable as a flavor profile. As a result of that we think that we can distribute SBC in multiple channels of distribution where Starbucks would not be available or appropriate. A good example of that is what I talked about originally in my comments and that was Subway. We’re talking to other QSRs about the opportunity that might exist for SBC to be available in those QSRs in which they want to go after the breakfast business not unlike what McDonalds has done. We think there is opportunities to create a franchise system for SBC and certainly a different approach to the grocery channel domestically and internationally at different price points in different kinds of coffee both in varietals lends and form factors that Starbucks would not be available in. These are early days. Michelle Gass one of our most senior, strongest executives in the company has had a myriad of job opportunities and has always done well is now leading that effort and what we said to her was take the shackles off SBC and grow it as if you own it and we think we’re on to a very big opportunity that is much, much larger than the business today that is complementary to Starbucks and will be significant competitor to other brands that exist on the shelf today.
Howard Schultz: I’d like to take the comp question if you don’t mind and you can answer the later. I think we don’t want to get in to the sequential growth of the quarter in terms of comps. It maintained a level of consistency throughout the quarter. I think the modest guidance that we want to give on comps I think is the absolute right approach given the high level of uncertainty in the economy and the strong level of unemployment that exists and could get greater. So I think we still have a lot to prove, these are still early days. The kind of comp quarter that we posted, the first comp positive in eight quarters does not make a trend and we want to be very careful in how we’re providing guidance being highly thoughtful and disciplined in our approach.
Howard Schultz: Let me start and I will give it to Troy and perhaps John will chime in as well. I think one thing that you need to realize is that 18 months ago the entire company’s focus, the leadership team and certainly my priority personally was restoring the health and strength of the US business and the focus and the attention and the transformation took a comprehensive effort of basically the entire company. As a result of that we did not pay as much attention and certainly as much focus on the international business as we did on the US, we just didn’t have enough resources. Now that the US business has come back the way it is and we feel it is healthy and on solid ground we’re doing two things, one is we’re doing a comprehensive audit of all the things that we did in the US business that worked, that got our customers back, that put lean in our store and things that not only were consumer facing but also behind the customer as well. What you said was appropriate, there is not one international there are many, many different countries with different complex issues, different ownership structures but a store, is a store, is a store and we believe that we can provide many of the opportunities throughout international that we brought to the US business. I think one thing is just focus as we did on the US business on international. The fact that I am here with John and visiting the European countries and we’re going to shift our focus to the international market should be a very strong signal that we are intent on leveraging the strength of the business on to international. We do think that we can do multiple countries in multiple regions at once but this is not going to happen overnight it is a journey and it is going to take a while for it to emulate the kind of numbers that we posted in the US business. But, there isn’t one international. We have some markets that are very, very strong and some that are under pressure because of the local economy like in western Europe and then some markets like Asia, specifically China where we’ve got very strong comps and very strong profitability at the unit level.
Howard Schultz: I think the headline I would just close with is in 50 countries outside of the US the Starbucks experience, the sense of community, the third place and the relationship with our partners demonstrates the high degree of relevancy of the Starbucks experience. Where here in the UK, we’re serving over two million customers a week, we have a high level of transactions in France and I mentioned other countries as well. We’ve cracked the code on the ability of the Starbucks brand and Starbucks store experience to be accepted. Now, we have to elevate the customer experience and do the kind of work behind the scenes and the cost structure, the expense control and the kind of marketing that makes us highly relevant on a local level. But, we’ve got great upside here not only in our stores but most importantly on a complementary basis to bring the consumer products group in to the international business and in some cases you might see us do it ahead of or in parallel with store growth which would be a strategic change for the company
Clifford Burrows: I’ll take the US comment first, we have seen over the last four quarters steady improvement in our US store traffic and that continued to the net position of flat transactions in quarter one so we are pleased with the progress so it is a trend which we obviously plan to work on continuing and the ticket Troy has talked about VIA, holiday and the work around pricing. 
Clifford Burrows: We are in the early phases of piloting this. We’ve put it out in some stores close to us here in Seattle and they’ve operationally now worked through that. I am delighted to say that we’ve extended that to about 130 of our stores and we’ve found very effective ways of deploying it and really that is a focus for us and a primary platform focus for the US retail in the coming three quarters and we’re looking to have that roll out completed. There are many benefits to both the training and operating the system and then indeed supporting the system and the data we get from it. In terms of quantifying those benefits it really is too early but I do see benefits coming from both the partner who is operating the new system and in terms of the ease, accuracy and speed of customer service. So there will be more upside to share with you and really once we’ve quantified that in coming quarters but I see the benefit coming in really FY 2011.
Clifford Burrows: Just to share what we have focused on is the quality in the cup, the freshness and availability of our brewed coffee. So in terms of certainly the relationship with the brewed coffee customer and their satisfaction with both the availability and the freshness of the coffee in the cup we’ve had great positive feedback on that. And, as we shared about a year ago our key focus was around retaining our existing customers. We recognized that the competition had grown in the market and we reset our standards and we’ve delivered against that to essentially maintain our customers and make sure we satisfy them when they come in to our stores.
