Laxman Narasimhan: Hey, John, thank you for your question. Firstly, I will give a bit of an overview, and then I'll call on Frank and Sara to provide their perspectives. Firstly, Starbucks continues to be a brand with a very strong employee value proposition, and we are able to attract a lot of applicants for the jobs that we have open. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing growing stabilization in what we see in our front line. As I mentioned, we are seeing lower levels of attrition and greater stabilization in our retail talent. Additionally, as you look at the improvements that we are making in our scheduling processes, we're able to deliver an average hours per week to our partners 4% higher at this point in time. That, of course, does matter because it does have an implication on the compensation that they have. There are clearly more things in the pipeline as well. And Frank, I'd love for you to give your comments on how you see the environment there.
Laxman Narasimhan: If I can add one more thing. I think we're seeing a strong pickup in the program of tipping that we have scaled across our store network.
Laxman Narasimhan: I think in terms of guidance on this call, our focus is entirely in this year. So we are confirming our guidance for this year. I think as I mentioned earlier, as I've gone through the emersion and I've worked in various spots of the company. There's no question what we see is we see headroom in terms of our top line. We also see opportunities for us to improve margins over time gave a couple of examples in the prepared remarks about things that were apparent. We can buy different and we can buy better. Our end-to-end supply chain is significant opportunities to reduce cost and improve availability. We can enhance our tech stack, both to lower cost and then actually reinvested back in the tech stack to support the large digital push that we are making. Our stores need to better reflect what is needed to meet the evolved demand from where they were initially designed. Our beverage innovation is strong, food could use more work. And our innovation could be more purposeful and targeted. And these are the kinds of opportunities that I mentioned are the opportunities in the factory in the back. We also have opportunities in the theater in the front. So I think as you look at it, clearly, there's top line headroom, and there's opportunities to sequentially improve margins. But in this call, we are focused entirely on confirming our guidance for this year.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you for your question. I feel very good about the progress that we're making on the equipment rollout as well as the testing that is underway on the Siren System. And as you see, some of the nearer-term equipment launches have happened and have landed on time. We have a very systematic approach to how we think about our equipment and the testing that we're doing. And I feel very good about the progress we are making on that system. So all systems go as far as we're concerned. Sara, I wonder whether you want to touch a little bit on some of the equipment launches that we've had so far.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you, Rachel. I'm very pleased with the results of this quarter, and we are clearly moving with momentum as a business. There's clearly further opportunities for us and for this wonderful brand. It's a privilege to lead it. I want to thank you all for joining us today for our second quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call. We appreciate your investment and your time.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Sara. The way I'd look at it is we were incredibly pleased with the performance in Q2. But when you think about, as I shared in my prepared remarks, we benefited from the lap of Omicron as well as the onetime adjustment from the Star liability. That was expected. So we expected that, and that was driven in the comp that we saw in the quarter in North America as well as broadly. But in addition to that, while we recovered better than what we expected in China, when we look out towards the balance of the year, we expect our average weekly sales in China to continue and increase to improve sequentially quarter-over-quarter, but at a more moderate pace than what we saw in Q2. We've already seen it start to moderate. And that's really driven by the fact that there's still some uncertainty in the overall environment from a recovery standpoint when you look at things like consumer behavior as well as recovery in key segments like our international travel. So when we take all of that into account, when we look at our guidance for the full year, we believe reaffirming our guidance allows us to continue to convey the momentum, but also for the confidence we have while still navigating a rather uncertain environment globally.
Rachel Ruggeri: Thanks, David. I think as we look at the remainder of the year for China, as I had shared previously, we expect that our average weekly sales will continue to improve sequentially quarter-over-quarter. We also expect that our comp will improve, especially as we lap the mobility restrictions from prior year. But when you think about the overall environment, while we're encouraged by the fact that we're seeing strong traffic in afternoon dayparts as well as on our weekends, which just speaks to a customer need to connect. There's still a lot happening in terms of the overall environment as it relates to recovery. And so when we put all of that together and we think about that, when we look to the balance of the year, we expect it to continue to improve but at a more moderate pace relative to what we saw in Q2. And that's what brings us to the full year guidance range of a low- to mid-single-digit comp, which I think when you look at that, does reflect momentum, but it also reflects confidence, especially when you look at last year, we ended the year with a negative 24% comp on a full year basis and a negative 25 -- 9% even more recently in our last quarter. So that's how we're thinking about the recovery. We're very encouraged by many of the signs that we see, but there's a lot that we're navigating. And so we feel very good about the guidance we've given as we think about the back half of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Belinda.
Rachel Ruggeri: And I would just add, Lauren, to that, that you had asked about TSDs. And we have seen our TSDs grow relative to pre-COVID levels. In fact, in our busiest daypart or morning daypart, we have surpassed our pre-COVID levels. And that's in large part due to the momentum we're seeing in our reinvention. We're able to unlock capacity and better serve our customers, and we're seeing that come to fruition in terms of our overall strength in TSDs which is also increasing in the early part of our afternoon. So we're encouraged by that. And that's leading to when Brady talked about the customer count, the growth we had in customer count, that's really across both our SR members as well as our non-SR members. So our overall customer count is increasing. Those customers are more engaged with our brand, and we see that in terms of unit growth as well as increasing transactions and then overall ticket leading to the high -- second highest average weekly sales that we've seen second only to last quarter, which was an all-time high. So we're incredibly encouraged by what we're seeing from an overall volume standpoint.
