Troy Alstead: We have always had a shared ownership model outside of the US. As you know, we’re roughly – 70% percent of our stores are licensed. The rest approximately are company operated. And over time, I would expect that same ratio to apply.  We will invest and build in deep markets were we can bring to bear the capabilities that we have. Places like Canada and the UK, as an example, and then we will license other markets where we are able to significantly take advantage of very strong local operating partners who bring their capabilities to the table to help us grow the business locally. So I would expect us to grow in a similar ratio over time. Not particularly in any one quarter, but over the longer run, I would think that we will operate in a mixed-model outside of the US. In China, a market that you’ve heard us talk a great deal about and we’re very excited about, we have a mixed structure in China as well where we operate an owned model that we are very pleased with and we’re seeing great unit economics from. And we have licensed and JV markets for part of that country, which really allows us the best of both, leveraging each others capabilities and also making sure that we can drive the brand, drive the business, and enjoy the profitability that we see in the future. And I might add before the next question just one correction perhaps from my comments earlier. The revenue increase for the company was driven by a 9% increase in comparable store sales in the quarter, which is driven by a 6% increase in traffic. I perhaps misspoke by saying 6% comp growth, but it was a 9% comp growth in the quarter.
Troy Alstead: Yes, I’ll take that. In the quarter, VIA distribution was building as we went throughout the quarter and will continue to build as we move through Q4 and for some time. So it’s definitely not a case where we launch and we’re immediately at the levels of distribution that we will be at maturity, or that we even will be in three months from now, or six months from now. So as we move throughout the quarter, we built distribution. And that’s why the load end of the pipeline, and the revenues you see, and the impact on the CPG business was not perhaps as big in the third quarter as you might have expected, but rest assured, the roll out continues. Distribution will build as we move into the fourth quarter. We very pleased by the velocity gains that we’re seeing in our key customers. So as we build distribution, as we drive velocity, all those things lead us to be as optimistic about VIA as you’ve heard us speak to.
Troy Alstead: Yes, let’s have Jeff Hansberry, as Howard introduced him, our new president of consumer products is here to respond to them.
Troy Alstead: Sharon, I think the headline that I’d like to just start out with is that over the course of the past year, as you know, we’ve opened a number of stores domestically and around the world that are consistent with the array of new pallets that we’ve established. Some of whom you might have seen in Seoul, is a great example of that. But from Japan, to Hong Kong, to Paris Disney, and the US, and now in the UK, we’ve opened up these new stores. And every single one of them have been met with great enthusiasm from customers.  We then took the elements of those new stores and Arthur Rubenfeld and his team along with Cliff and his operations team are incorporating the elements of that new design into all remodels. And we will remodel more stores obviously than we open next year.  But Cliff, if you can talk about it in specificity with the numbers, and also the results that we’re seeing from some of the things that have gone on already.
Troy Alstead: And then Sharon, to the last part of your question about China, China has among our highest unit economics of anywhere in the world; great growing brand in the market, excellent return on investment at the store level. So we have a tremendous appetite to grow in that market both in terms of growing our company-owned markets, and we have company owned businesses throughout much of China. And also working with our joint venture partners to accelerate the pace of their growth in the markets. So you’ll see us growing both company owned and likely JV markets as we continue here in China. 
Troy Alstead: Yes, I’ll do that. Matt, on coffee prices, no, you should not assume that we’re just looking at today’s commodity price and extending it forward. We are basing our projections in the $0.04 per share impact in ’11 that I mentioned is based on what we understand of our coffee needs, our buying, the holes in the inventory that we need to fill as we progress throughout the year, and what we see coming in prices. So it’s based on that. It’s not as simple as taking today’s price and extending it forward. So there is some room for that to change and go as we go through the year. And I think one point I’d make is that we have always maintained a fairly flexible buying pattern with coffee that allows us to be in the market when we need to and with price to the fix contracts, fix them at various times. And so we’ll also use how far out we go, and when we fix prices to afford us as much flexibility was we can as we approach the year.
Troy Alstead: Sarah, I’ll respond to that. First on the VIA question on comps, no, it was actually pretty close to a similar contribution to the total comp number this quarter as it had been in previous quarters. So very comparable, very similar kind of impact. What we’re seeing with VIA is just a very sustained result in our stores even as we’ve expanded distribution and as we’ve built that business out. So we would expect that to continue. And that’s not going to be different this quarter from previous quarters.  And then in terms of CPG long term, we’ve not put out there long-term growth targets. But what we have said very clearly and still are very optimistic and confident in is that over the long run, we would expect CPG to grow more rapidly than our businesses in the store. That’s not necessarily what would happen in Q3 or Q4 of this year. But over the long run as we build out our capabilities in this space, as we expand things like VIA, as we continue to innovate down the aisle, as we go back and support our long-standing package coffee business down the aisle by investing against it, and innovating against it, we would expect over time CPG to become a more significant contributor to the revenue mix and the operating income mix in the company.  So we do expect that to build, but I would just suggest that that’s a build that happens over a period of them, not quickly overnight as we build out these capabilities, and the infrastructure, the product portfolio, and the innovation to go after, what we see is just a tremendous growth opportunity in the long run.
Troy Alstead: Yes, will do. In terms of cash, you’re right. Our business produces a tremendous amount of cash. I want to be clear, there’s no constraint whatsoever to our growth, whether it be in stores or otherwise, based on the cash we have on hand, much less availability should we need it. So we have a very, very strong cash producing business, strong cash on hand, free cash flow this year, 2010, that will reach probably in the range of $1.2 billion based on operating cash flow of about $1.7 billion.  As I look at 2011 based on the significantly growing earnings model that we’ve put in our initial outlook, I would expect those numbers to be at least that level or higher as we move forward. So very, very strong cash generation that we’re prepared to invest in all the high-returning opportunities we have for our business, both in China, as we build those capabilities to your question and we build out the consumer proposition. And into our US store business as that opportunity presents itself.  And with that, Cliff might speak to the store in the US in particular.
Troy Alstead: Yes, I will. I think I might just add to one piece you said, Howard, which is also the mention that the innovation that we’re doing around VIA most recently VIA Ice has also similarly very incremental. And something that adds to our business rather than cannibalize us. So even the existing current product lines and new innovation we have coming, we think, simply gives us a change to grab more coffee consumption and more coffee occasions over time. And then with respect to targets, we don’t have revenue targets for either SBC or VIA to provide to you at this stage of the game. Perhaps as we get deeper as we get into 2011 and a bit deeper into the build of both of those businesses that we’ll have a little bit more to speak about. But just remember, those are new focus areas that are growing tremendously that we are investing behind and we would expect to build and grow as we move through 2011. And with respect to profitability, SBC we believe is a complimentary margin structure to our overall business. We will build capabilities and invest and grow that over time. And would expect it to be a good contributor to revenues, to profits, and again, complimentary to the margin structure of the company.  And then VIA also, as Howard mentioned, very complimentary to our product margins in our stores when we sell it to the store channel. And a very good healthy margin channel as well down the CPG aisle as well. Recognizing, just as we did in the third quarter that given the long term opportunity of VIA, we will spend against it. We’ll spend against it with infrastructure, and we’ll spend against it with advertising and marketing to build that consumer awareness to drive trial and to drive repeat. And so we’ll continue building profitability, and growing and business, and growing trial, and spending against it to drive that over certainly the fourth quarter, and through 2011.
Troy Alstead: Yeah, Joe, what I would say is both of those things are important pieces of the margin improvement. I won’t be satisfying to you probably as giving you a specific breakout of each. But there’s no question that the profit improvement that we’ve driven through our US stores in the past 12 months, and you’ve seen it very clearly show up in our financial results, we believe there is tremendous numbers of points of percentage-point margin and improvement that can come over time as we apply the pricing architectural work, as we apply the liens to our principles in store around the world outside of the US So certainly an important contributor to that margin improvement both in 2011 and the targets that we’ve put out for next year and beyond, I will expect will come from those kind of efficiencies. As well as supply chain efficiencies, and procurement efficiencies, and all the things that we have perfected much more significantly in the US and are rapidly applying those thing where they’re appropriate outside of the US. And then to your second question, leveraging the infrastructure we have in place is also no question a part of that equation. We have a significant very important investment in our infrastructure capability outside of the US. And it’s bigger and more capable today than our business is today. And the message there is that we have our sights set on growing a very significant large international business. We have not hesitated to build the structure outside of the US that we need to capture that and to grow that. That structure is largely in place, and I would expect going forward that as we add stores, as we grow revenues, as we had new channels of distribution outside of the store, that you will see us fairly consistently now over time leverage that structure as just one piece of the margin improvement outside of the US.
Howard Schultz: Troy, maybe either Annie or Jeff can just talk about the issue of recess and how that affected the rollout of VIA nationally.
Howard Schultz: Sharon, I just want to add one thing. And that is, we’ve established very strict financial disciplines in terms of the ROI on new stores. We’ve had a very good year this fiscal year. And we’re applying that same discipline to the remodels that Cliff alluded to.
Howard Schultz: Michelle, can you frame how many points of distribution there are out there that potentially is applicable? I’m not saying we would get those accounts, but the total number accessible to SBC.
Howard Schultz: So I want to make a clarification, or just make it clear, that we are going to extend SBC to ubiquitous points of distribution that the Starbucks brand has never lived in, and obviously is not compatible with. And there lies the opportunity to place SBC in places that we previously could not with the Starbucks brand.
Howard Schultz: Okay, John. Troy, why don’t you start with the response on cash and then maybe Cliff and I can talk about store growth. 
Howard Schultz: Troy, thank you. For all of you on the phone, thank you for staying with us. Obviously, we’re incredibly pleased with record third quarter earnings. And in an environment like this with the consumer confidence waning to put up 9% comps and 6% global traffic, and at the same time, making the investments we have in VIA and the beginning of a major significant CPG channel, we are extremely pleased with the results and the outlook we’ve given you for Fiscal ’11.  Look forward to talking to you soon in the next quarter, and thank you very much for your support.
Clifford Burrows: Yeah, hi. We’ve continued to focus on the quality of our food program and introducing healthier options be it beverage or be it food. We have had a great reaction from certainly our most loyal customers have responded well because with our digital channels now, we’re able to get immediate reaction. We’ve used things like free pastry days to introduce those products to a wider audience, and so we’ve seen it grow. And there’s definitely a trend towards healthier products. To do a calorie introduction both again on the menu boards, we have seen a great dialogue, which ultimately has led to a much more informed choice. We haven’t seen it materially change the overall numbers of the store, but we have seen people welcoming the choice we’re giving them, and the informed choice they’re making.  And I think one of the exciting developments is the customized frappuccino. For a very long time, we have been restricted in the options and we have been unable to offer the customization that people have enjoyed in the hot beverages.  And in recent, really in the last quarter, we have seen this introduction where we’ve been able to introduce no-fat options on the milk, and also soy options, which has extended the reach of our products to new audiences, or to people with specific dietary requirements. So we see this as very relevant for our customers and we will continue to support it going forward.
Clifford Burrows: Thanks, Howard, and thanks Sharon.  Howard is absolutely right in terms of learning from some of the work we’ve done here in Seattle. I think one of the most significant changes was the one highlighted earlier, which is Spring Street in Soho where we really have transformed the environment in that store. And we’ve invested for the long term. It is now a location to be incredibly proud of. It is very relevant for its environment in downtown Soho. And also, we are seeing improved sales from both our ability to sell customers more quickly and extend the range of products, be they food, in that case with an access to self serve, and terms of the range products with the introduction of Clover into that store. And all of those elements have helped to, I think, reestablish our relevance in the New York market, and we have seen growth well above 9% in the quarter. We are touching some stores in a major way, and those are generally on ten- year renovations. And we are being strategic in the market that we are going after more aggressively. And in some cases, we’re accelerating those renovations.  The strategic cities are quite obvious. They are the larger metropolitan areas of the US and I would include New York, San Francisco, L.A. in that. And as we go forward into 2011, we’ll continue that.  And we are talking – we have touched approximately 100 stores in 2010, and roughly half of those in some significant way and half of those in a minor way. And we are using the pallets that have been developed. We are also using relevant local materials, and we’re focused on our lead certified for all the stores in major renovations, or indeed with new openings, to make those stores applicable for all our ambitions around the environment. So very pleased with investments we made. We continue to learn and evolve, and we will see ourselves doing about the same number of renovations as we go forward in 2011.
Clifford Burrows: Yeah, just to talk, John, about the US, we are very, very conscious and holding ourselves in a very disciplined way as to how we approach growth. We have been focused on leveraging the opportunity within the four walls of existing portfolio. And we have started to add a selected number of new stores in markets where the economy allows us to do. Going forward, we are looking at and starting to develop plans around how do we grow in the U.S.; complimenting our existing stores, leveraging the learnings that we’ve had from the renovations in new pallets. And also, looking at building the capability in a different way so that we do not get distracted from our core business. And I could talk about that from both a store-development perspective, acquiring, designing, and opening new stores, or indeed a resale side to make sure my field team are not focused just on growth. So I think it’s disciplined growth. We see opportunity in the licensed environment as well as the company operating environment here in the US. And I think the focus has been on existing, on cleaning the portfolio, and going forward, you will see us talk more about growth in the coming quarters.
Michelle Gass: Yes, hi, Keith. Thanks for the question. We absolutely see tremendous potential with the SBC brand in all the channels that you just cited.  Just to clarify, we are in fact in a test with Taco Bell. That has not been committed as of yet, but we’re highly encouraged by the results we’re seeing. With that said, you know, the key strategy for Seattle’s Best is about making premium coffees far more accessible than it ever has been. And so we look forward to expanding in multiple points of distribution in C stores as you mentioned, in family casual dining, QSR that we’ve been talking about, and certainly a reinvention down the aisle.
Michelle Gass: Yes. If you frame the entire market across channels, just taking dining and C store for example, there are hundreds of thousands of points of distribution where coffee is being served today in a range of premium states, I’ll say, from commodities to premium. And we see many of those points accessible for the future of Seattle’s Best.
Michelle Gass: And Howard, I’ll add just one final build. If you take the brewed coffee category in the US alone, Starbucks today commands just 4% of that market. So there’s clearly a lot of room for both of these brands to be highly complementary in the coffee category.
