Howard D. Schultz: Thank you for the question, Keith. Let's level set [ph]. First off, Tazo, within the Starbucks family currently represents on its own $1 billion business in terms of its brand position, in terms of revenue from our store base and in CPG. The acquisition of Evolution is not only to expand and explore the opportunities within juice. But when I talked about this publicly, we spoke about the significant interest and the study we've done around health and wellness. Obviously, we think that the medicinal qualities and the efficacy of tea will play a very large role in the overall category of health and wellness at Starbucks. Today is not the day to talk specifically about Tazo and our future plans, but I can tell you that we recognize the unique opportunities we have with Tazo in multiple channels of distribution as part of our health and wellness initiative, and there'll be more about that in the months and quarters ahead.
Howard D. Schultz: John, this is Howard. First off, let's split off EMEA into 2 parts, the Western Europe and the Middle East. The Middle East market for Starbucks, in which we have hundreds of stores in the Gulf, is quite healthy, and we continue to feel very bullish about that part of the equation. With regard to Western Europe, let me walk you through what we've done in anticipation of the transformation of that business. First off, one of our most senior and most experienced executives and operators, who is at our side co-authoring the U.S. transformation is Michelle Gass. She has moved to become the President of that region, and she's living in the U.K. In addition to that, the largest company-owned market within that region is the U.K., and we've also moved one of our strongest retail operators from the U.S., Kris Engskov [ph], who is managing the U.K. business reporting to Michelle. I think we -- in a sense, we've seen this movie before, and I'm proud to say it had a very good and positive ending in terms of what we were able to do in the U.S. I think there are many similarities in terms of the downturn in the economy and consumer confidence. And I think that we all feel quite optimistic over the long term that we're going to be able to not only turn this business around, but it's going to be a profitable market for Starbucks. Having said that, the situation is very, very tough and it's not one Europe. The situation in Greece, the situation in Portugal, the situation in Spain, I can go on and on, and then just this morning, we wake up to the news of an announcement of a double-dip recession in Great Britain. So what we've said early on within the U.S. transformation is that we were not going to use the economy as an excuse for our inability to transform and succeed in that market, and we're not using it internally as well. But we can't ignore the headwinds. But I think the short version is that we have put in place a strategic plan that we feel is going to address the issues at hand, in many ways takes a lot of the proven successes we had in the U.S. with Michelle in the lead, and she is getting all the support and resources from the corporation. We also think that we should invest into the market in terms of innovation and be very strategic in how we're going to grow the market. But the short version here is that it's going to take a while. We are cautiously optimistic and we think over the long term, we will succeed in this market, but it's -- this is not going to happen overnight.
Howard D. Schultz: In all due respect, we do not allow weather to enter the equation of Starbucks comp store sales internally, and we're certainly not going to allow it to enter the conversation publicly. We are going to succeed in good and bad weather. I don't think the weather had any significant impact on comps. I think that 8% comps in the U.S. business on the backdrop of the economic issues is a stunning number. And to be honest with you, I was a little bit surprised to see some of your reactions in terms of disappointment.
Howard D. Schultz: Michael, it's Howard. I can't give you a specific number, but let me just share with you what kind of goes into our thinking in terms of the future. A few things. One is that we're quite encouraged that in the U.S., the stores that we've opened over the last 12 months and then in the last 24 are performing extraordinarily well in terms of a class of stores. And in many ways, as good as any new class we've seen in a decade. So any thought of saturation or inability to find quality real estate and continue to expand in the U.S. or for that matter, North America should be taken off the table. I think we're quite encouraged with what's going on in the Americas on a macro level in markets like Brazil. And we touched on that earlier in our prepared comments, we have less than 100 stores in Brazil, and we're seeing very, very strong sales results, and we're going to accelerate under Cliff's leadership the number of stores we can open in Brazil, and in addition to that, places like Argentina and others. We just had a meeting with our Mexican partner, and he feels very strongly that he too can accelerate his growth. And then you get to Asia and China, and we didn't speak specifically about India. But the prospect of having thousands of stores in China alone is no longer a statement that we don't -- it's not a dream. This is a reality. We are -- we've turned the corner in terms of the iconic nature of the brand, the position, the leadership team. And we feel very strongly that we're going to be able to do that effectively. And then John and his team are getting ready to open up India with really the #1 partner in that nation, which is Tata, and we should have great results there. So net-net, I can't envision in the coming years that we would open up less stores than we've just announced and feel very good about the teams that are in place and the trends that are in place. And having just returned from China last week, which was just an extraordinary trip, eye-opener for all of us, I think we are on the cutting edge of becoming really one of the most admired Western brands to enter China in a very long time.
Howard D. Schultz: Let me add one thing. I think many of you were around 3 years ago, 4 years ago on conference calls just like this when the headlines around Starbucks and the inability of us potentially to navigate through the financial crisis and, to be honest, some self-induced mistakes. I don't know how many of you would honestly say today that you thought that we would be able to not only transform the business but in fact, produce record revenue and record profits. I will tell you unequivocally, and you can hold us to this, that we will turn the European business around in the same way that we turned the U.S. business around. I can't tell you when and I can't tell you with specificity what the margins are going to be but we will emerge as the leader in Europe the same way we emerged as the constant leader in the U.S. The advantage that we have going forward in Europe versus the U.S. is that we have fantastic JV partners in many of these markets, who will understand consumer behavior based on living in those markets, have the leverage and the understanding of how to navigate through the storm, they've seen it before. We also have less of a store base so the problem is not as big. And then lastly, we are looking for ways to leverage licensed partners in very unique types of real estate. For example, we just opened in train stations in France with a license partner, and we are opportunistically looking at ways to offset the burden on the P&L that we have today with many of the company-owned stores based on license opportunities that we have not yet taken advantage of. The one thing we learned in the U.S. that if we would've known, we would've invested heavily ahead of the problem, which we did not do. And so we're confident we will turn this around, and we're going to be opportunistic about our abilities and when we come out of this, we're in a stronger position. But please, I don't want anyone to leave this phone call with any feeling whatsoever about the lack of confidence that we have as a management team, with Michelle and Kris [ph] in that region, that we will absolutely turn the situation in Europe around despite the significant headwinds that we are facing.
Troy Alstead: John, let me start with part of the answer, and then I'm going to turn it over Jeff Hansberry to take more of it. First of all, we have all along said we anticipate a $0.03 to $0.05 of incremental profit impact this year from Starbucks K-Cups, and then a quarter ago I said we expected, given the rapid acceleration and great customer response to that product launch, that we expected the top end of that range and that's still what we expect at this point in time for this year, given the launch as it's progressing throughout the year, right near the top end of that incremental impact is what we would expect. Now certainly, as we move into 2013 and with greater distribution, continued growth and velocity and at that point in time presence in the Starbucks stores we'd certainly expect an additional increment in 2013, and that's something will talk about a bit later. Channel Development continues to be our fastest revenue growing business, and I would expect that to continue to be true as we face the quarters and years ahead for quite some time. There's one mechanical element that everyone should remember, which is we have just as of one month ago lapped the point in time a year ago where we've brought into our P&L and onto our revenue line the packaged coffee revenues as we brought that business back in-house. And so that the consolidation impact will go away from this point forward, so there's a little bit of a trend difference that simply happens as a result of that accounting. But beyond that, Channel Development is progressing rapidly as a bright spot for us, and I'll ask Jeff to address more specifically some elements of his business.
Troy Alstead: Thanks, Jason. Yes, what we expect now is that, firstly [ph] we're past the peak of the year-over-year impact, negative impact on our P&L. The peak of that was really the first quarter. The second quarter also included quite an increment of extra expense due to commodities. And that will ease as we go through the balance of this year. There's still some incremental costs, but it will get a bit easier for us. We are now price protected about 11 months of our needs of fiscal 2013, while there's still some open position that it could impact cost for that year. That has given us fairly good visibility now into what that increment looks like. And that's what led to that estimate of at least $100 million benefit to our P&L next year. Now to your point, yes, our average cost in 2013 is higher than where the cost is traded on the open market today. And that's because, as we have said all along, we've been buying throughout this market and buying on the way down. And part of that is about giving us access to and ensuring the supply of the best coffee in the world. That's always our top priority when we're buying coffee. And the second priority is we're moving risk from the P&L and managing that long-term coffee exposure that has led us to that strategy of buying throughout and buying long. That also suggest to me that if coffee prices remain where they are today, I would expect tailwinds in 2013 as I mentioned earlier. And again, it remain where they are today. And that's not a prediction. I don't have that kind of crystal ball. But if they did, that would also suggest better coffee prices for us coming in 2014. So we see the light at the end of the tunnel on commodities, and we're looking forward to that turning around for us on the P&L.
Troy Alstead: Let me at least take the first part of that question. And I would just say that the investments we're making in Europe are very much about addressing the critical issue we face in the consumer environment at this point in time. And what we're seeing is a very quick response to that. Our consumer -- customer satisfaction scores improved more meaningfully in the second quarter in the U.K. than they had in years. So we know that reaction is already happening. I would expect that the payback would produce and come over time. And I would also react a little bit to your words of the goal of mid-teen margins in Europe. We don't have a goal. We actually have a plan to get to mid-teen margins. We have a vision toward the elements and how that margin march will happen over a period of time, including improvement in top line through our engagement with customers, a disciplined focus on the middle of the P&L as a part of that effort, improvement in the overall infrastructure, supply chain, G&A and otherwise over time. So we have a very well-thought through plan that we are as confident as ever. What we can't control and predict it so much is the macro environment but needless to say, our plan A is approaching investments in Europe both from customer side, the P&L side and the infrastructure side remains the same and I think you'll see us approach that consistently from here forward.
