Kevin Johnson: Yes. Thanks. I did comment that our digital efforts contributed about two points of comp in the quarter. And our royalty program represented about 42% of tender. So the acceleration we saw in active rewards members is paying off for us.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Dennis, I have Roz to kind of share the specific details. But this was a very strong quarter where we saw transaction growth in all day part. So Roz you want to take Dennis through what you saw in the U.S.
Kevin Johnson: I just add that the 12 hours of time that we've freed up in the stores that Roz mentioned we've redeployed to customer facing activity. So that's partly what's driven the customer connection scores as well.
Kevin Johnson: John let's have Pat take your first question and Roz can comment on lean principles and the labor dynamics in stores. So Pat.
Kevin Johnson: And David on your question about Brightloom I give a little context and sort of answer your question for it. We recognize certainly the important role that digital plays in our business and we're always looking for new ways to accelerate growth and drive innovation on digital. For example, it was a little less than a year ago that we entered into the China Digital partnership with Alibaba that has enabled us to increase the reach of the Starbucks mobile app experience, launched Starbucks delivers and build star kitchens embedded in homes stores. That relationship has accelerated our digital flywheel progress in China. I say for the last year or so we've been working to find a way to provide digital flywheel services to our global license partners. Now keep in mind there are approximately 10 large companies that license and operate most of the Starbucks stores throughout EMEA, Latin America and Southeast Asia. Because each of those partners run different technology stacks and they also manage multiple restaurant brands, we had to find a creative way to deliver the consistent Starbucks digital experience to those different partners who run multiple brands and have diverse tech stacks. That's why we partnered to create a new tech company called Brightloom. Brightloom is the merger of the restaurant tech company formerly called Eatsa and a software license of specific elements of the Starbucks digital flywheel. Now certainly those specific elements are the elements that are generally available for ordering and managing loyalty things like our personalization engine and other things are still proprietary to Starbucks. So with the license to those specific elements of the Starbucks digital flywheel we didn't invest cash in this new venture but rather we received an equity stake in return for that software license. A board see an commitment from Brightloom that they're going to focus on our global license partners and as sort of the early stage customers that Brightloom serve. So Brightloom is going to be in a position to service those Starbucks license partners as well as the broader industry restaurant merchants who need the same cloud based software platform. So I think this now gives us a solid strategy to bring the digital flywheel to our license partners globally. It enables our Starbucks technology team in house to continue to focus on the R&D capabilities for our company operated markets outside of China and the proprietary aspects of our digital flywheel and allows us to continue in China to leverage the partnership that we established with Alibaba to supplement our China digital team. So we think we think of this is really a strategic move to get a front row seat on next generation innovation around digital flywheel from Brightloom and to have a solution that services our international license partners.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks Brian. Let Roz take the first one and then let me comment on the second one then I'll hand over to John as well.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. You know there is a set of things we look at. Partner engagement scores, which is sort of an indicator of how engaged our partners and they feel inspired, motivated and what they're doing and customer connection scores. And Roz, I'll let you comment on sort of the way that you think about those metrics and what you're driving.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, I want to get Roz and her team a lot of credit for what they've done to really step back and be thoughtful about how we could simplify things in our stores for our partners, how we could automate some of those administrative tasks and through that our partners in the stores feel more supported that comes through in the partner engagement scores, and that gives them more time to connect with customers, that list the customer connection scores. And so, we could look at metrics and then actions that can move those metrics. But at the end of the day, it goes back to it. We take care of our partners who probably wear the green apron. They create that special Starbucks experience for the customers that come in our stores.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Thanks Dennis for the question. Just a few things. The result we're seeing in U.S. business is really part of the long term program that we started about 12 months ago. And the biggest piece of the work is around the in-store efficiencies that we've done, and secondly, the work around the digital relationships. Those two things in addition to beverage innovation have really driven the transaction improvement in the stores. Specifically on the in-store execution piece, we have looked very carefully at the task that the partners were contributing to in their work inside the stores. We've reduced the number of task in the stores roughly taking out about 12 hours of work in terms of task at the store level. In addition to that, we have also really been benefiting from afternoon traffic. Our drive through percentage of stores is roughly 50% of our stores in the U.S. We have seen that the occasional customer tends to shop with us in the afternoon and they enjoy the cold beverages. So, the combination of the cold beverage improvements that we've seen, the work that we've done with reducing task and the afternoon -- after morning peak and then the work that we're doing to monetize the digital relationships and grow those relationships. We know a lot more about our customers now. And it's really fueling what we have in the pipeline for beverage innovation as well as when we need to be ready for those customers at store level.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Thank you, Jeffrey. First of all, let me start off by saying that the concept of beverage delivery is developing just slowly overall in the U.S. versus China. China is a sort of a native delivery market versus the U.S. However, we have seen enough encouragement for us to go through a national launch. And actually as you read earlier this week bring our relationship with Uber Eats to bear. So, first of all, you're right, our markets included Seattle, San Francisco and then we expanded across to Greater Bay Area, Boston, L.A., Chicago New York DC and Miami. We launched three more markets in July; Dallas, Houston and Orange County. In this expansion we're pleased with what we're seeing in ticket. Our most important work that we could do during this timeframe was to make sure that we had very good software integration first and foremost. And second that we could execute at store level. And those two areas have given us encouragement to go national with the program. What you'll see coming forward is not only the relationship coming together between Uber and Starbucks but also to the additional marketing that we're adding towards the efforts. We have minimal marketing through the pilot period of this work. So in terms of ticket and expediting at store level we're pleased and we're moving forward.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So, Andrew a couple of things. Just to go into the details of the changes that we did make back in April. There are three components to understand about that program. First of all the first part of it is around redemption for all and this allows our reward members -- our new reward members to actually achieve stars within two to three visits. In the past that number had been 30 to 40 visits and then you would achieve stars. The second piece of this is around the multi-tier redemption. And when you think about the multi-tier aspect of the program previously members could only redeem once they reached 125 stars. Now the members are able to redeem their stars at five tiers ranging from 25 to 400 stars and we've added new items such as merchandise and at home coffee that you can also redeem. And then the last part of it is no expiration for Starbucks Rewards for credit card holders. And so stars do not expire for card holders. So the program change has its early success for us. There's been minimal disruption to the business and positive sentiment overall from the customer base. I'll also mention that compared to changes in the past our partners will tell you that on day one they felt 100% ready to open the stores with a new program and we had zero interruption. So the program is a success. We're seeing conversions from our non-SR. In addition I'll add to that, we're able to speak to our non-SR members and that's our occasional member that I talked about earlier. Joining us in the afternoon likely through drive through enjoying refreshment and cold beverages and so it's growing our category where we needed it the most in improving our afternoon day part as well. So we're encouraged by the early signs of the program.
Roz Brewer: John, to your question about lean principles and what's left sort of in the pipeline in terms of what we're seeing for labor deployment. So, first of all, let me start off by saying that there is a longer term plan and there's still work yet to be done at our stores. But I'm encouraged by what we're seeing right now. First of all, we are constantly looking at how do we free up task in the stores. We talked about the twelve hours per week that we've accomplished so far, but we've done several things in addition to that. First of all we've gone into some of our major markets that are high MLP areas and we have expanded the handoff plain. So when we have customers that are crowding in the handoff area right where MLP is exchanged and the drinks are exchange we have extended that physical space. We've added labor hours as the stores have earned the labor hours and so and reallocated from the work that they were doing turn those hours back into hours that they can spend customer facing. And then the other part of the work that we've done is around training. And so we have freed up time through the labor scheduling tool that we put in place in Q2 and now we're able to train more in the stores. What's left in the pipeline for us, we have significant work in progress that will hit in fiscal year 2020. First and foremost we will be introducing the inventory excellence and routines which is going to help us actually with further store execution. The second piece is what we do with our food. We have a process in our stores where we have to pull the food first, allow it to fall over a period of time and then -- and there are some improvements in that process, significant improvements. And then lastly, our automated centralized planning and replenishment will hit next year as well and second quarter of next year. So we have significant work in the pipeline that gives us encouragement that we're managing labor at store and we are reducing the work in the store and reallocating those hours back into what matters most.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So, Andy a couple of things. One, we're encouraged by the incrementality that we're seeing. We are seeing expanded ticket. We're seeing food attach at a significant level per ticket. We're seeing quality of the beverage upon delivery. We've made some advancements in our packaging which has helped us tremendously. So, we're encouraged that what we've seen so far as we expand and get marketing dollars behind it. We're encouraged by what we think this could do for us in the long run.
Roz Brewer: Sure, Brian. It's unfortunate that you've been experiencing any outages on Nitro, but beverage growth did contribute to about 80% of our total sales growth for the quarter. So we've got good news here in terms of the receptivity in demand for Nitro. We are making advancements in our back rooms and behind the bar to accommodate what we need to have happen with Nitro. In most cases it requires us to install new equipment. And so we're making space for the attraction and growth that we've seen in Nitro. And as we get more and more of this rolled out right now by early August we should be probably in 80% of our stores and then by the end of the year a 100% of our stores and we're learning as we go. And execution is happening at stores and we're getting better and better every day and learning as we go full bore on this.
Roz Brewer: Yes, we look directly at customer connection scores because we know when those are increasing. We know that we will see repeat visits from higher customer connection score. So this quarter, we did see record customer connection scores. The other thing to watch while it's not a metric, but when you see us growing our repeat customers around our SR members and bringing on our non-SR members that really growth customer connection for us and the work that we're doing to speak to them on a one-to-one basis. So we've moved from one-to-one to many speaking to large groups to now personalizing how we talk, advertise, promote, understand and know what they drink. What time they will be in our stores, and so we're much more personal with our customer base not only from a digital perspective, but by freeing up these hours we are having much better eye contact, handoff question, you know just the whole relationship building between the partner and the customer. And I'll tell you our partners are much more excited about being a Starbucks partner right now. They're loving the work that they get to do in the stores. They love that we don't have you know limited time offer beverages that we're on a beverage innovation plan that they're brought into. They're able to do customization right at the point of purchase. So it's an exciting time to be in our stores and you'll see that when you walk into stores and understand what it takes for our partners to do the best work that they can and we're working with them to alleviate the task and make sure that they're engaged everyday with the customer.
Roz Brewer: Sure, sure. Thanks for the question Lauren. So, first of all our long term customers what we've seen in this last quarter, they are shopping more with us. I would tell you that has to do a lot with the beverage innovation, that we've brought forward in the stores. So we're seeing growth with our long term as our members dedicated members. And then with our new non-SR customers we're still learning about them, but we are doing some work on customer segmentation. And that's allowing us to look at you know time of visit and it is adjusting our schedule, schedule labor hours in the stores. So we're really grateful to have already installed the labor scheduling tool, because as we give these new customers we're learning more about them, and it is moving our business in the afternoon day part, and actually we're learning their preference for a cold beverage and the refreshers business, iced teas that we've just recently introduced in the past 60 days. So we're still learning, and we'll continue to bring back those learnings to this group as we learn more and the program is fully in place.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Kevin and thanks Sara for the question. First, what I want to do is just reinforce how very pleased we are with our overall margin performance for the quarter led by very meaningful improvements in our retail business, when you exclude the impact of streamline related activities our consolidated non-GAAP operating margin expanded by about 50 basis points in Q3. We did realize significant sales leverage and cost savings notably in our supply chain. But that was partially offset by investments that we continue to make across our business, investments in our partners, in technology, in product innovation and in our stores in the interests of strengthening our competitive position to sustain long term growth. Now admittedly as you say a 50 basis point ex Streamline margin improvement seems modest in the context of a 6% percent global sales comp for the quarter particularly in relation to other quarters. So what I would really like to do is to highlight what was unique to Q3, as well as some segments specific margin drivers for the quarter. On a consolidated basis our stronger sales leverage and weaker headwind from tax reform funded investments in Q3 were partially offset by higher inventory reserves and less favor ability from breakage compared to previous quarters. In the Americas and specifically our U.S. business margin expansion was tempered due to higher inventory reserves and less leverage from occupancy and depreciation expense in the quarter. As a general matter inventory reserves stemmed from our ongoing efforts to drive product innovation in both beverages and food and include inventory write-offs associated with both developing new offerings and transitioning out of existing offerings. In Q3 specifically the reserves related primarily to our Mercado food platform. With respect to occupancy and depreciation expense we're seeing some near-term margin pressure from three things. Number one, renewing leases on high volume profitable stores, number two, renovating more stores, and number three; deploying new store level equipment to support new product platforms like nitro cold brew and improve operating efficiency in long term. Although these investments do limit the near-term flow through that we would otherwise expect on occupancy and depreciation expense in our P&L, these investments are essential to maintaining our strong competitive position, improving profitability and driving future growth. So moving to cap the dynamics there were slightly different. I'm going to focus specifically on our China business within the cap segment. Margin expansion was tempered by product mix technology investments and foreign exchange headwinds in the quarter. Modern mixology drove incremental business particularly in the evening day part and with less frequent customers, but at a slightly lower margin due to increased packaging costs and higher levels of product waste. The technology investments in China relate to a number of key initiatives including delivery MLP and Starbucks Rewards. And as highlighted by Kevin these investments have contributed strongly to our top line results and are instrumental to the strength of our competitive position in China. So as you can see there were some things that were unique to Q3 compared to other quarters that limited the flow through you would expect and such a powerful comp that we experienced across our business and there were some differences in terms of the margin dynamics comparing the U.S. to China.
Pat Grismer: So John, I think the best way to understand the impact of lapping last year weaker performance is to really look at the two-year comp. And when you consider that last year's sales comp was 1% in Q3 this year then with the 7% in the U.S. we achieved two year sales comp of 8%. This was the highest two year sales comp in eight quarters and it was a sequential improvement over the 6% two-year sales comp in Q2. So I think when you when you look at that step-up sequentially that demonstrates the Q3 comp performance didn't merely result from an admittedly easy lap, but it provided clear evidence that the actions we're taking to improve the business are delivering results. So I would just encourage you to look at the trend of two year comps and I think that will highlight what we believe is a step change in our business that happened in this most recent quarter.
Pat Grismer: John, you're absolutely right. Our two-year transaction comp in the U.S. for the third quarter was flat where it has been for the last couple of quarters. However that is an improvement over the two-year transaction comp that was negative across really all the fiscal 2018. So we do believe that we're making good progress. I would say that we remain confident in our ability to deliver positive traffic comp on a one in two-year basis going forward in the context of our long term growth model that calls for U.S. comp growth -- sales comp growth of 3% to 4% with at least 1% coming from traffic growth. What gives us confidence in our ability to deliver that consistently is the playbook that Roz and her team have developed that is demonstrating results here in the U.S. with three key elements; the improved in-store experience, breakthrough beverage innovation and digital. And I think what you've seen over the last four quarters here is steady improvement with in this most recent quarter an inflection point that gives us even more confidence that we're on the right track and that playbook will yield results consistent with our long term growth model.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Sure and I would just add to John's comments that just remind you that, China is predominantly a tea drinking culture and we're introducing the Chinese consumer to premium Arabica coffee. We sell teas in our store as well. And you think about the new store growth that we're investing in China. Many of those new stores we're expanding into new cities where it's the first time we've had Starbucks presence. So we're dramatically increasing the number of new Chinese consumers that are introduced to Starbucks. And as we do that we work to help establish that relationship and ultimately a digital relationship and keep them coming. But there is a significant long runway of opportunity for us to continue to attract new customers to Starbucks in China. And then we create a great customer experience for them and a relationship with them. And from there we'll create customers for life.
Pat Grismer: David, with respect to the inventory reserves the issue was primarily in the U.S. business and as I mentioned earlier primarily driven by our Mercado food platform where we're in the process of transitioning to a new fresh food platform over the next year or so. So there were some supplier obligations and other commitments that resulted in our taking some reserves in the third quarter. We do take inventory reserves on an ongoing basis as part of our business, but those reserves were more elevated in the third quarter. We're not anticipating reserves on that level in our fourth quarter.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Gregory. This is Pat. First of all to put coffee prices in perspective, our green coffee purchases are expected to account for about 10% of our global cost of goods sold. So it's not a meaningful move or a mover for us. We are price locked fully on coffee for fiscal 2019 and we have the majority of our needs locked for fiscal 2020 as well. It is something that we pay close attention to, but we're not anticipating that you know what you've seen by way of volatility is going to have a big impact this year or next based on the positions we've taken.
John Culver: Yes. Jeff, in China you know we've rolled out to now 2900 stores across the 80 cities and that was since we began the implementation last September. And what we're seeing is that first and foremost is that the digitally connected consumer in China is very much very much understands delivery and using it to us to address their needs state of convenience. When you look at what delivery has done for us it is driven meaningful incremental transaction lift. It represents now 6% of sales which Kevin talked about. And what we're seeing underneath that is it's a slightly higher ticket than what we're seeing through our stores. There is a higher food attach. It's stronger in the morning and lunch daypart and really the team in China has really focused on how do we continue to manage this each and every day in adjusting the store base and adjusting the delivery rates and making sure that we're meeting the customer needs and fulfilling the orders within the 18 minute delivery time that we're targeting. We've gone through and really set up our store operations to better effect delivery. We obviously have a very strong partnership with Alibaba and have dedicated drivers that are delivering Starbucks products. We've gone through and rationalize the menu. And we've also obviously introduced premium packaging as part of the delivery experience. And then obviously delivery is not only available through the Starbucks app, but it's available through all the Alibaba platforms as well which has enabled customers to engage much more frequently with it. So we're very pleased overall with what we're doing in delivery. We're on track to get to 3000 stores by the end of fiscal 2019. And we're continuing to see this as a strategic channel that we're going to continue to invest in and grow.
John Culver: Yes, John and picking up on your question on mobile order and pay we're very optimistic and bullish on the opportunity this presents in China particularly given the digitally savvy Chinese customers. You know for us we announced and rolled it out in late May in 300 stores we've quickly expanded to 1800 stores and now sit across state cities in the market. And basically what we see in our stores is that we've learned from the U.S. on how we operationalize it to make sure that we're mitigating any of the challenges that we had here in the U.S. last year when we first introduced it. And for us we see tremendous opportunity to continue to use this to enhance the customer experience. Kevin and I were just there as he shared and we saw the new Starbucks in our store which is dedicated to mobile order and pay and fulfilling delivery orders. That is one unique concept that we're going to further expand. And then in our core stores we have dedicated space where customers can come in and pick up their mobile order. And so thus far we're very pleased with how things are going. We're continuing to monitor very closely and we see it being a big opportunity for us going forward.
John Culver: Yes. Sharon, this is John. What I would say is that you know given the growth that we're seeing in the market and I'll go back to the two key metrics that we gave at Investor Day. Around total revenue growth for the market we delivered an 18% year-over-year growth in the total market and then transactions across the entire market to include new stores and non-comp store or comp stores with strong double digit growth. And so, as we dig into that we look at and we say, we continue to not only attract new customers into the Starbucks brand and into the Starbucks experience, but then also existing customers continue to increase frequency. And the way in which we see this frequency happening now on the existing customers is through the Starbucks Rewards program. And when you look at the Starbucks Rewards program in December we moved from spend based program, I'm sorry we've moved to a spend based program and we enabled our customers to have an easier access into the program and enrolling into it. We now have 9.1 active Starbucks Rewards members which further accelerated over Q2 by 10% and year-over-year membership has grown 36%. And so more and more of our existing customers want to be a part of the rewards program. So we're driving meaningful repeat into our existing stores with existing customers, but then also attracting new customers and as we open stores in the areas where they work and where they live. So we feel very good about the strategy that we have around this and the acquisition that we're seeing on both new and existing customers and frequency.
John Culver: Yes, I would just you -- I think Kevin hit it all, but you know for us and the China team it’s really focused on this on their purpose driven growth agenda and building out for the long term, a very successful and enduring company in China for China. And the only point I would just add to what Kevin made is, it centers around our people and our partners and for those of us that have the opportunity to travel there and to see the pride with which they interact with our customers and build that customer connection, that is a true differentiator versus our competition, whether that's in China or whether that's in the other 79 markets we operate in around the world. ` So for us, if we can continue to elevate our partners who can continue to elevate the coffee and the experience for our customers, we feel that that is a significant point of differentiation for us versus any competitor in any market that we operate in.
