Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Brian. Let me start with the G&A actions. So in the quarter, our G&A actually declined year-over-year by about 5%. And the drivers of that include performance-based compensation, so lower performance-based compensation, coupled with lapping over some foundation investments from the prior year. In addition to that, given the environment, we made some deliberate decisions to focus on cost efficiencies, which helped us offset some of the investments we've made in wages and benefits as well as the investments we've made in technology. We'll expect that to further into Q4. As we look to the out years, we will continue to drive leverage in our G&A as part of our overall efficiency focus and efforts. Now on the store side, you asked about reinvesting, where does that go? And as far as our in-store and out-of-store efficiencies, those investments largely this year have helped to support the promotional activities as well as the investments we've made in our partner wages and benefits. Now as we look towards next year, we'll continue on our path of efficiency efforts. Those efforts will help us to be able to unlock the capacity to be able to reinvest back into our business in a sundry of different areas, but it will also allow us to drive margin expansion. So, I think that answered all of your questions. Thank you.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure, Sara. Thank you for the question. I'll start with the 4% check. So, in the US business, our transaction -- our ticket comp increased by 4%. And as I shared in my prepared remarks, that does include about 25% of it was related to beverage attach or multi-beverage orders in response to our promotional offers. So, it showed that our customers responded well to our offers. So, that's really the driver of it. We aren't seeing the customization and the personalization in the same way because our offers were much more targeted and driven around specific beverages as well as overall beverage attach. And so as a result of that, that drove the ticket in the quarter, but we were pleased with that because it shows that customers responded well to those offers. Now when we think about price year-over-year in that 4% ticket, I would say the remainder of the ticket, about 75% is really net price. That includes everything from pricing moves, including the increases that we took in California, coupled with the promotional offers. So, I'd say that's a net pricing impact on that 4%. And in terms of the promotional intensity, I'll turn it over to Laxman in a minute, but what I can say about the promotional environment is we've been very measured from a promotional standpoint given the fact that we have a premium positioning as our brand. And so the majority of our promotional efforts were focused on driving growth in our Starbucks Rewards membership because we know that those members tend to increase their value for us over the lifetime. It's a more efficient way for us to promote. And in the quarter, we were pleased with the fact that between the offers and the marketing activities, we were able to grow our Starbucks Rewards membership in the US as a result of that. We also saw traffic increase on days where we had offers as well as days where we had new product launches. So, that also gave us some encouragement just in terms of the effectiveness of our offers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Laxman.
Rachel Ruggeri: Jon, I'll start with on the $4 billion of savings over the next four years, that is a net number. So, we have obviously a larger gross number to ensure that we can deliver on that. So that's the way I think about the savings.
Rachel Ruggeri: If I would just add one more point to that is, I think it's important to note that the Siren system, the equipment is a major overhaul to our overall stores, our engine. It requires quite a bit of CapEx as well as quite a bit of change management. So, we intentionally leverage the renovation and new store process because it allows us to optimize the costs while take advantage of downtime. So that's also an important note in terms of how we've been thoughtful about how we roll these systems out more broadly.
Rachel Ruggeri: The only thing I would add to that is just given the fact that we do see these strong returns and the incremental nature to our overall business, we see the vast opportunity. We have a very rigorous site selection process. We also have an ability to be able to monitor overall performance. And the combination of all of that allows us to strengthen our portfolio through the growth of new stores. So, we see it as an important part of our overall long-term growth algorithm. But I think what's important in what Laxman said is it really comes down to ensuring that we keep monitoring the overall economics. And as long as we see the kind of returns we see today, then it supports our long-term growth ambitions.
Laxman Narasimhan: Sara, just to build on the question that you asked in Rachel's response, the Starbucks brand is grounded in the idea that if you exceed the partner expectations, you will exceed the customer expectations. And it is in this experience that we deliver the premiumness of the brand. And when you look at the words worth it for the Starbucks experience, what we measure in our work and brand equity is not just about price, it is about the quality, the distinctive quality, the product customization that you mentioned, the consistency of the experience that we create both in stores and digitally, delivered at a price that customers believe is worth it when they come into the store to transact with us or when they transact with us across channels. Now one of the things that we have been very careful about is that given the premiumness of the brand, we've been very careful about the offers. And as Rachel said, it is at a lower intensity than it is for some of the other brands. What we've tried to do is focus on the Starbucks Rewards members. For our business, 60% of our revenue comes from the SR program and 40% comes from the non-SR program. And what we've found is that some of these offers that we have done, particularly for Starbucks Rewards members has helped drive engagement and incremental visits. We talked a bit about the fact that we've seen engagement go up in every decile of the Starbucks Rewards members. If I look at our non-SR customers, which is about 40% of it, what we've been working on is ensuring that we give them office to come in and become part of the SR program. Additionally, they have told us about a fourth of them tell us that they want the digital convenience, but they don't necessarily want to be part of the program. So, we've done things around how we open up the app for them to order and get the digital convenience. What we see over time is for the non-SR customers, we still have the opportunity to target price investments funded by the progress we're making in our efficiency program. And all the way brings it back to our three-part action plan in terms of what we're doing to continue to deliver the kind of premium experience Starbucks is about.
Laxman Narasimhan: Jeff, thanks so much. We've built a distinctive business in China with both the Starbucks and Starbucks Reserve brands that are relatively more premium relative to what we have in the market. And we've got 60,000 partners, 19,000 of them who are black aprons and coffee. And so the depth of coffee expertise we have is tremendous. Additionally, as we look at the really long term the potential in this business is amazing. I mean, we've essentially very early days given the per-caps we see in the headroom that it provides. So the stores, the brand, the partners, the supply-chain, the digital presence we have, all are distinctive advantages. But as you rightfully said, there's been quite a change in the competitive environment. And we've been very entrepreneurial. I mean, 25 years ago when [indiscernible] went to China, we've created a specialty coffee industry from pretty much nowhere. And we've been very entrepreneurial and we've looked at various ways of making that happen, including joint ventures and partnerships -- strategic partnerships in technology, real estate and supply-chain. We're frankly at the very early stages of this. And so I don't want to necessarily comment specifically on any one option versus another, but we're in the early stages and we recognize that what we want to be sure of is that we're -- we are further strengthening our advantage in this market because the long-term opportunity for us is significant. And we will update you as we as we -- as we make progress on this effort in terms of exploring these strategic partnerships.
Laxman Narasimhan: So first of all, I think we are operating in a challenging consumer environment. You see the impact of that in away from home consumption. If you look at our business at home for grocery stores with our brands, you're seeing volume increase, you're seeing share increase in a category that's in decline, but we're seeing volume increase at home. In our ready-to-drink business, we're seeing clearly that there has some challenges, but with the work that our joint-venture team is doing, we're seeing progress there. But away from home consumption, you see the impact of the challenging consumer environment. What we're focused on is what is it that we can do to control what we have. And so the Starbucks Rewards members, you see greater engagement, that is 60% of our revenue. Clearly, if you look at the sort of lower deciles of the Starbucks Rewards program, we see opportunity even there for them to increase their visitations. But if I look at what we're seeing with our non-SR customers, we still maintain the number one position in terms of coffee shops visited from the research that we do internally and for the equity work we've done. So, I think that this is a statement around the overall environment. We know that there are things that we can do in order to communicate value better to our non-SR customers, which is why we've opened up the app for all starting this quarter. And once they come in and once they see what's happening inside the convenience of the mobile auto-pay channel, they will get exposed to what we have inside the app. And we know that we have an opportunity as we look at the end-to-end efficiencies that we can get in our supply-chain that we can target price investments in those areas that will help them realize the price proposition that we have overall. If you really step back and look at us, we've been very disciplined over the last many years. We've taken less pricing than many, but we also recognize the environment we're operating in is challenged. And so, I think what you'll see us do is be measured in the way we do this and do it through the app and target price investments where appropriate, leveraging off the efficiency work that Rachel spoke about.
Laxman Narasimhan: On your second question on the Siren Craft -- on the Siren systems and the equipment deployment, well, firstly, we've deployed the process improvements across all our stores in the US this week. This has been very well received, the inclusive of the new routines, the training, the beverage bills, the partner investments that we will see transaction impact with that. Now, we have matched our Siren system equipment rollouts with the renovations of store bills because of the returns that that gives us. But it's not stopping us from actually using those Siren system equipment in order for us to debottleneck these outlier stores. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with the work we've done with Deep Brew and the analytics that we have, there were 10% of our stores that have the highest customer service outages. For these 10% stores that is less than 1,000, right, there's work going on store by store. And what we're doing store by store is to look to see this combination of process improvements, how we run the stores as well as looking at a renovation cycle to potentially resequence them in order for us to bring the Siren systems in an accelerated fashion to help us debottleneck these stores. Now later this quarter, we're going to start rolling out a couple of things that will help us attack some of the bottleneck areas we see. For example, with this retrofit to our espresso machines, a same quality, higher throughput, we're going to see the rollout start to over 6,000 espresso-constrained stores starting next quarter. We're doing the same thing with some of the software changes we're making around food and how we drive throughput there. So, these are targeted sequenced efforts that will have high impact on those stores with the greatest constraints. You will see Clover Vertica being all stores by the end of financial year 2025. So, we're going at this, not just waiting for the whole system, but looking at portions of it that we can bring in in a more accelerated fashion in order for us to drive throughput in the stores.
Laxman Narasimhan: Let me start with the three-part action plan that we had in place. The first one was fixing our stores. And I think that we're making strong progress here. And so if you just look at examples of MOP, the growth rate we had quarter-over-quarter, which was a -- sorry, year-over-year, which was a 10% growth. The uptime that we had in MOP, obviously, big improvements. So, that's an example of the kind of improvements that we're seeing. Our drive-throughs are more efficient. I mean, the multi-second improvements we've seen clearly translate as well into our ability to meet the demand that we have. The product innovations, we touched on some of those that we have and the impact of those, the Summer-Berry Refreshers, the highest sales we've ever had in the launch week leading to the refresher platform reaching 18% of sales. So, examples over there and also the work we're doing with our SR program, an increase in number and increasing the engagement of these. So, those are all the -- all the metrics that we have in terms of the kind of improvements that we're seeing against three-part action plan. As we look ahead into this quarter and we look at, for example, July, what you see in July is the fact that we are seeing shifts in routines in July. We normally see that from a seasonality perspective, but I think we've seen more pronouncements -- more pronounced changes in the routines in July in addition to some of the tech outages that have impacted people across industries. And so, we see the disruptions, for example, in the airport stores that I mentioned or the hospitality stores where we're seeing strong growth. And so what I would say to you is that our guidance does, at the end of the day, reflect the challenging consumer environment and what we expect the comps to be flat to low-single digit for the year. But what I expect is that these actions that we're putting in place will position us stronger to see growth in FY 2025.
Laxman Narasimhan: Well, I'll just make a comment and then hand it to Rachel specifically. So first of all, we're not chasing a number. We look at every project that we have, every site and we look at the incremental returns, the incrementality of the business that it brings and we're entirely driven by ROI. And we see the strong cash-on-cash returns in the US. Rachel spoke to the kind of cash-on-cash returns we're seeing in the Tier-2 and Tier-3 markets where the headroom is large for us. I mean, we're underpenetrated in those markets. And so if you look at the pipeline of real estate investments in the US, they've really targeted Tier-2, Tier-3 mostly. And the work we've done to Deep Brew to identify the sites, to ensure that we build, there's clearly work that's going into how we ensure that the returns we get in these sites are strong. In a very similar way in China, if you look at the cash-on-cash returns that we're getting in the lower-tier cities that we're expanding in, the cash returns are strong. So, we're not really chasing a number. We're chasing a return. And where we see incrementality, where we see returns, we will invest.
Laxman Narasimhan: I'll just point to our business in Japan, it's been growing double-digits, a terrific round of innovation, a great execution in stores, strengthened digital presence and a brand that really celebrates the coffee house in Japan. I think if you look around the world, we have pockets of these pretty much everywhere. It may not necessarily be uniformly the case, but pretty much everywhere. We have examples of our brand, the experience that we deliver, the products that we bring to bear, the speed of innovation that we have. And by the way, even in pockets in China, we have amazing stories of these in the US too. So, I think that there is a broad set of examples that we constantly look at to learn from and find ways of scaling around the world and that's what we mean at the heart of truly going global, which is our third imperative in our triple shot strategy, it is a way for us to share best practices across the world.
Laxman Narasimhan: I feel very good about the progress we are making on delivering a more stable partner experience in our stores in the US. I think if I just look at the average hours per partner, where we are, it's -- it's reached a real high -- a historic high. So, I feel good about that. I think part of what we are looking to continue to do is how we ensure we simplify in the stores, how we simplify our menus, how we simplify our beverage bills, how we simplify in our supply-chain, what happens upstream versus downstream and how we focus on training, how we ensure more consistency in the experiences that we deliver. And the Siren Craft system is a great example of this. Some of the stories we've heard as we've rolled this out over the course of -- over the last several weeks, including this week across all our network, is just what it's doing in terms of the partner reception and the positivity we hear from partners, including what they say about their ability to connect with customers and also deliver a more personal experience in stores. So, it's clearly -- this is the sort of thing that we have to do and just continue to make the right investments to deliver the right partner experience in order to exceed the customer expectations that I know a premium brand like ours is all about.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you, David. Let me just first start with coffee. Right? I think as I said in my prepared remarks, we've gone to one additional point on Cold. So, it's now 76%. Obviously, that's seasonal, but it's 76%. If you look at our espresso business, that's grown 4%. So, espresso drinks are up 4%. So, coffee has grown. And our distinctiveness is in coffee and I think you'll see that in the kind of innovations and new products we bring in, including the launch of Milano Duetto towards the end of this quarter. So, coffee is core to who we are, distinctive in terms of breadth of what we bring and the products will obviously have that. I think one of the things we did talk about was the fact that afternoons are an opportunity for us. And as we look at these new platforms of what we have launched, if I look at Pearls, for example, it was significantly ahead of what we thought it would be to the point where we ran out of supply. And I think that it wasn't a supply issue necessarily, but it was more, the demand was ahead of what we thought it would be. We had to pull back marketing, and my sense is that as you look at what we now have in our stores, they're back in stores with new products and it's a platform that we will continue to build over time. So, we're not just launching a product, we're launching platforms. The energy platform we've been in the energy business since 2007 with the launch of Doubleshot and Triple Shot Espresso. What we now have is we have a zero-calorie energy platform that we are scaling and it's building steadily and will be something that we're committed to over time. If you look at some of our food innovations like the Egg, Mozzarella, Pesto sandwich as an example, it's a terrific sandwich. And again, it's one that's going to join our core, but it's building systematically over time. We still have work to do on supply, around how we ensure stability and reliability of supply, particularly in food in order to get the kind of service that we're going to need across our 10,000 stores with the products that we launch. So, that's an opportunity, David, that I think we still have and the team is working very hard along with our suppliers in order to make that happen.
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you all for the time today. If you take away one thing, let it be this. We are making real progress on our three-part plan. We are focused on what we can control in a consumer environment that can be best be described as complex. Our teams are moving to the urgency. I thank them for their efforts and for staying focused on what we can control. I have full confidence in the long-term potential of Starbucks worldwide. Thank you.
