Brady Brewer: Thank you, Belinda. Starbucks is one of the most sought-after brands in the world. And by engaging deeply with our customers over 50 years, we've amassed a treasure trove of assets, both physical and digital, just 1 example being the nearly 27 million active Starbucks Rewards members in the U.S. We're activating these unique brand assets as a catalyst to accelerate the future of Starbucks as a global brand and as a business. From our beginning, we've nurtured human connection and served a fundamental belief that coffee brings us together. We brought this to life in what we've called the third place, a place between home and work, where you could connect and feel a sense of belonging over coffee. Now we are extending the third place concept of Starbucks into a new kind of community. Emerging technologies associated with Web 3, and specifically NFTs, now enable this aspiration and allow us to extend who Starbucks has always been at our core. We are creating the digital third place.  To achieve this, we will broaden our framework of what it means for people to be a member of the Starbucks community, adding new concepts such as ownership and community-based membership models that we see developing in the Web 3 space. We will lead by aligning our initiatives with our sustainability commitments, making deliberate choices to build the community on environmentally sustainable Web 3 platforms. Imagine acquiring a new digital collectible from Starbucks, where that product also serves as your access pass to a global Starbucks community, one with engaging content experiences and collaboration all centered around coffee. This community will further strengthen the Starbucks brand, engage our partners and we expect it to be accretive to our business. Starbucks has the history of taking leading-edge technology and innovation and making it accessible and approachable to the mainstream. You've seen it with our digital experiences, whether it was introducing ability to pay with your phone, mobile order or even access WiFi long ago. Starbucks can serve as a bridge to the future for our nearly 100 million customer occasions per week around the world. We'll take our first step toward a digital third place and our broad vision for Web 3 with an anticipated launch in this year. This is just the beginning of an exciting future. Now I'll turn it over to Rachel.
Brady Brewer: Hello, Jared. Yes. We're really looking at this and asking ourselves 3 questions. One is, on the foundation of the Starbucks Experience, which is us knowing our customers by name, knowing their favorite drink, we're asking ourselves, how can we do that in the digital space? Knowing every single customer, personalizing the experience and then making that experience absolutely effortless for the customer. Increasingly, that's what customers are seeking, an effortless, personalized human connection at Starbucks. And so we're seeing that play out in the drive-thru. We're seeing that in our delivery growth, as Howard mentioned, growing 30% year-over-year. And with MOP now 25% of our business, obviously, we're seeing that there. So it's about how does Starbucks unlock that magic connection? Which only Starbucks can between connection and convenience. And because we've been successful with that so far, that's why we're seeing customers adopt those channels so quickly and so holistically, but I'd say we're just getting started.
Brady Brewer: Sure. So yes, I mean, I think on the tipping side of things, we're adding functionality throughout the year. We've got a lot of people working on this. As Howard said, it's one of the top requests. Currently, a customer can tip using the MLP experience, but we don't have the ability in many other parts of our store experience when a person is paying with a credit card, a stored value card or the app in our cafe and in the drive-thru. So that's what we anticipate working very quickly against to bring that functionality to our partners.
Howard Schultz: Well, thank you, Sara. As I mentioned in my remarks, over the last few weeks, I pretty much have crisscrossed the country in meeting with Starbucks partners and really listening very carefully to their concerns, their suggestions in what we really are calling a co-creation to the future of the company. I think it's important to understand that the business, as I mentioned, has changed dramatically in terms of Mobile Order & Pay, cold beverages is now almost 80% of the business. And the equipment in our stores and the layout of the stores have not been designed for the way customers are using our stores today. And that has put enormous pressure on our people. So the first thing we must do is give them new tools, and there will be upgrades in equipment that will be sequentially brought into the stores to try and relieve them on the pressure, that's 1 investment on the equipment side. There'll be a fair amount of investment in technology to do everything we can to upgrade the algorithms of labor scheduling and there will be upgrades in the digital app itself to be able to provide customers with a more accurate method of when their beverage is going to be ready. And then there's the wage piece. And I think as I said, we've always been ahead of the curve, but I think we haven't done enough. And I think it's -- we have to recognize that there is a lot of pressure on our people. We want to do everything we can, and so we're going to raise wages again. And I think if you think about Starbucks, Starbucks has been probably quite essentially the most experiential brand over the last 20, 30 years, and that experience comes to life as a relation -- because of the relationship that our people have with our customers. If we want to exceed the expectations of our customers, we have to exceed the expectations of our people. And so during COVID and post COVID, our attrition rate, like almost every other retailer, has gone up significantly. If you look at where we can really be much more efficient is that we can provide our people with better training, better wages, better equipment behind the counters to give them the tools and resources, the self-confidence and self-esteem to do their job, we will lower attrition and our retention rate will be much greater. That alone is a significant level of ways in which we can take money out of the P&L and money out of the store economics. So I think, let me put it in my own language. I mean, you have to ask yourself, is Starbucks half empty or half full? Listen, Starbucks is completely half full. Look at the assets we have. Look at how many customers are reaching out to Starbucks every day. The demand is accelerating, and that's despite the fact that we're not doing our best. As I said in my remarks, just wait until we upgrade the system, upgrade wages, give our people the tools and confidence. And once again, you're going to see us recording the kind of store-level economics we have in the past. The other thing I'd say is that the inflationary issues, which are significant and growing, that's an anomaly in America. We all know the inflation is a problem, but it's going to come down. And the other issue is China. We are so well positioned in China for the future, and the China restrictions are going to abate, and there's no consumer brand that I can identify that is better positioned than we are to take advantage. And as I said in my remarks, the China business is going to be bigger than the U.S. So is it glass half full? You bet it is.
Howard Schultz: I want to be very careful because I want to be sensitive to the people we're talking to and be respectful of all the candidates. Obviously, we want someone who has domain cultural experience in terms of the sensitivity of the values and culture of Starbucks Coffee Company. The person really needs to understand what it means to put on a green apron and work behind the Starbucks counter and be able to enhance and preserve the culture and values that we hold so dear at Starbucks. That person needs to have global experience. We're a global company. And obviously, we're looking for a servant leader and someone who's going to be here for the long term. There's no shortage of people who would like this job, and I think the Board and I have been very encouraged by the fact that we've been able to talk to wonderful candidates who really bring a lot to the table, but we're being very judicious and very careful, but we are going to find the right person. And I've committed to the Board that I will do everything I can to ensure a soft landing and good immersion. And then I'll stay on the Board to help the company and help the new CEO.
Howard Schultz: In terms of your question, I think it's a question that I've spoken to the Board about a fair amount to ensure the fact that the strategy that we are now engaged in and the investments that we are focused on are the right ones regardless of who the next CEO is going to be. And I think the lens in which we're making all these investments is 100% through the lens of what can we do to exceed the expectations of both our customers and our people. And if you look at the demand of Starbucks, the strategy is we are all focused on 1 thing right now and that is to reimagine and rebuild and restore belief and trust for our people and do everything we can to rebuild the core U.S. business post COVID. So I think any CEO that's going to come in is going to understand that the core business of Starbucks is under significant pressure, primarily because of the demand we have. In addition to that, I think the next CEO is going to be a creative person who's going to understand that the equity of the Starbucks brand has real legitimacy and relevance outside of our stores. In the world we're living in today, our customer base is getting younger, they're digital natives, and they expect Starbucks to be as relevant outside of our stores as we are inside. And what you heard Brady talked about and Adam's arrival here in terms of Web 3.0 and the NFT platform, the new CEO, obviously, needs to have an understanding and a grasp and a conviction on the fact that we can play in multiple theaters that could be accretive on their own merit and complementary to our retail business and have done really, really well, and we think we can, can be a bounce back to creating incremental traffic and revenue not only in its core business in terms of retail, but a new business that's going to create incremental revenue unto itself.
Howard Schultz: Rachel, before we get another question, if you don't mind, Michael, would you just take a few minutes because there's been a lot of chatter about China's impact on international? And just give a -- I know you just got back from Japan and Korea, just talk a little bit about your trip in international in general.
Howard Schultz: I think just to pick up on that, we have been a growth company. We believe that Starbucks will maintain our position as a growth company. And given the demand we have and the capacity restraints, it really said we should be opening more stores. So I think you're going to see at our Investor Day, which we're very enthused to move up from December to September, we want to accelerate growth.
Howard Schultz: Because we are in a situation where anything we say or might say could be misinterpreted by outside attorneys that are trying to find ways at which Starbucks at fault, I want to be very careful here. My prepared remarks needs to be what we're going to say regarding the union issues. My comments and the emotional relationship that I had in these meetings, partners across the country were really quite extraordinary. The love that people have for the company. The challenges that they've had personally and professionally as a result of COVID. The responsibility that they feel Starbucks has, which we agree with, to do everything we can to make their life better. But I don't want to go any further than that because I think the investments we're going to make for our people is a method to do everything we can to exceed our expectations, and we'll speak more about that in September. And I just want to say, we're moving up the Investor Day from December to September because we are quite enthused and excited to kind of move it up and share with you our plans for the future, accelerated growth, new store ideas, the technology, all the things we're going to share with you, including the relationship that we'll have with our people. And I think, just thinking out loud, I think we should have some of our people who are tenured managers of Starbucks and tenured green apron partners, they would talk to you about their experience with the company, which I think you'll find quite interesting.
Howard Schultz: Can I just repeat that? Every Starbucks person who is a non-manager at Starbucks will be getting an increase in pay.
Howard Schultz: Sure. I think, given the investment question, I'll give it to Rachel, turn to the margin question, I'll give that to Rachel as well. But clearly, the inflationary number, which is quite stiff, is going to abate. And when it does, we'll be in a great position because we will do -- we will have done things to handle the demand which we're having trouble doing now. But Rachel, go ahead.
Howard Schultz: I guess this is my opportunity to close the call. Our intent today was to provide a comprehensive overview of what we've done in the last 5, 6 weeks. And also to give you a sense of the passion and enthusiasm and optimism we have about the future of the company. Clearly, there are things that are not in our control right now. The situation in China, the level of inflation are things that we didn't plan on that we're managing through. But when you take inflation out and you take the problems in China out, both of which we believe are going to abate, we're going to be really well positioned to take advantage of the position we occupy in the marketplace, and that is from a global perspective. You heard Michael tell you how strong our business is in international, excluding China. You heard me talk about the strength of our CPG business, which demonstrates the strength of our brand outside of our stores. The other thing which I did not mention is one of the metrics that I've always been concerned about was whether or not our customer base was getting younger, that we were staying as relevant as possible with young people. That's exactly where we are. Our customer base is getting younger. And that, to me, says so much about the strength of the brand in terms of our 50-year history. And so as we head into the summer and holiday season and the investor conference, I think we're going to be well positioned to really share with you the plans we have for holiday in fiscal '23 and beyond. For those of you who have known me a long time and many of you have followed the company for many years, you were around in 2008. Now this is not 2008. But when we came back in 2008, one of the main issues was we had to create demand. We didn't have demand. And so the demand that we have right now is such a blessing, such a gift. And so what we have to do is harness the issues that we have to deal with in terms of capacity, exceeding the expectations of our people. I've been here long enough to understand what the challenges are and long enough to understand the extraordinary opportunity Starbucks has in the marketplace domestically and around the world. We have challenges, but we have the experience and the know-how to address them. And most importantly, we're taking the long -- we're playing the long game. We're making the investments ahead of the curve, and we are going to accelerate growth. And for those investors who had faith in us in 2008, I hope that you'll understand that the glass is clearly half full, and we are going to be back to where we always have been and that is delivering the kind of financial results that you've come to expect us from. Thank you very much.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Hey, Andy, thanks for the question, it's Rachel. Our answer to that is, as we talked about in Q2, we saw inflationary pressures elevate in Q2 versus Q1. And that was related to a number of factors, some of them COVID-related. But as we've, seen going from Q2 and for the balance of the year, we're seeing increasing inflationary pressures across our supply chain, both in labor as well as freight and then across our commodities. And I would say it's pretty equal, half between commodities, half between our supply chain with freight being the bigger factor of the issues in the supply chain. So that's what we're seeing continue to elevate.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Jeffrey. So from an investment perspective, the more than 200 that Howard shared in his prepared remarks, that's in relation to -- we've already made investments this year, and that's incremental to the investments we've already committed to this year. So if you recall, we've already committed to investments on wage, some aspects of training as well as labor. In addition to that, we're having another round of investments on top of that that will be related to further wage investments, but also modernizing our training and our collaboration as well as celebrating coffee and coffee excellence as well as some equipment and other innovation in our stores to help with overall store productivity and improving our store operations. So the collective nature of that gets to about $1 billion in this year alone.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. And if I could just add to that, the decision we made around suspending our buybacks was related to FY '22. So we'll come back at Investor Day in September and provide a more comprehensive capital allocation strategy for '23 and beyond. So I think it's important to consider that when you think about the decision we made. I also would say just to punctuate Howard's point is that we have the opportunity as we've looked at the back half of this year. Remember that we've already repurchased $4 billion this year. And so we've been able -- between buybacks and dividends, returned about $5 billion to shareholders, so we've leveraged that as a way to create value. But as we look at the back half of this year and we look at the priority of our investments, what Howard talked about in his prepared remarks, investments in technology, investments in digital, investments in our stores, they all have an outsized return relative to what we could do with buybacks. Perfect example of that is you know very well our new stores and the return we see on our new stores. More recently, we've seen our new stores in U.S. have an ROI of about 55%. So we have a significant opportunity ahead of us as we think about really not only strengthening the business, but creating more value over the long term. And I think you'll see a lot more about that at Investor Day in September.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. I can speak to the more than $200 million that Howard shared in his prepared remarks is relative to FY '22. In terms of what we're expecting for FY '23 and FY '24, we have near-term pressure in our business, and that's between the pressure we're seeing in, with inflation as well as what we're seeing in China and then the investments we're choosing to make. But while we're seeing near-term pressure, we have line of sight to a very solid path of accelerated growth in the future. I'm excited to share that with you at Investor Day. So at Investor Day, we'll provide more about our business as well as our broader, more comprehensive capital allocation strategy for '23 and beyond.
Rachel Ruggeri: And if I could just add on the wage, the majority of the wage investments that Howard talked about, just specific to wage, were part of what we already committed to earlier this year. But in addition to that, as we've made the move on wage for the majority of our hourly partners, our baristas and we've also committed to addressing compression in tenure in its most recent move as well. So that will mean that every one of our partners will also have an increase this summer.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. Let me just speak to the more than $200 million that Howard addressed in his prepared remarks, is on top of the commitments we'd already made earlier this year are largely related to wage. So the combination of that is about $1 billion in this year alone. And so certainly, we'll have further investments that we'll make over time that we'll share with you at Investor Day. But I think it's important to remember that a little more than $200 million on top of the commitments we've already made, so it's a pretty big broad investment when you look at it from that perspective. And relative to margins, I think as Howard spoke about, we expect that some portion of inflation will essentially abate. In addition to that, I think what's really important and the pressure we're seeing in the back half of the year is that's largely pressure from what we're seeing in China and the amplification in Q3. And just to give you a perspective, what we're projecting for the balance of the year is that typically, what we typically see from China in terms of market contribution on OI will be half of what we typically expect. As the market returns and mobility increases, we know that the growth rhythm there is strong. We believe in the opportunity ahead, and that will also give us further opportunity as we think about that into the future. But I think when you think about those 2 aspects and the investments we're making today, that will return investments in retention, investments in recruiting, investments in our ability to make our store operations improve, that's going to lead to greater partner engagement. -- and partner engagement leads to better customer experience overall. We know that equation. It's worked for us for 50 years. It's going to be the key to what we deliver over the next 50 years, and it's critical to our growth. So I think the combination of all of that gives us line of sight to the fact that we firmly believe we'll be able to have a path to accelerated growth in the future, which we'll share with you at Investor Day.
