John Winchester Culver: Yeah, just real quick. One thing I would just add on the new stores and the performance, clearly, we believe that there's still a long runway for growth for new stores in the U.S. And there's a lot of opportunity to continue to infill. We are seeing strong performance, not only in our core stores in the new stores, but then also through drive-through. And we're going to continue to focus in this area. We have not seen cannibalization, as Scott highlighted, and we believe in the growth strategy we have in place. It's been 13 consecutive quarters that our new and non-comp stores have contributed at least 4% to our growth on a quarter-to-quarter basis, so I feel good about the trajectory that we're on. In terms of partner retention, obviously we continue to make investments in our people, both in terms of wage and in terms of benefits. We continue to see retention increase. In the most recent quarter, our retention sequentially increased versus the previous quarter as well as versus last year's same quarter. We feel good about the partner engagement that we have in our stores. When you look at how we measure partner engagement, those scores on a year-over-year basis exceeded last year. So, we feel good about the engagement that we're having from our partners, and then more importantly, how that translates into the customer experience. And we all know that our partners bring the experience to life for our customers, and, as part of that high level of engagement that they have, our customer experience scores are sitting at record highs right now, so we feel good about what we're seeing there.
John Winchester Culver: Yeah, just to add a few things to what Kevin expressed. First off, we're very pleased with the success food is having in our stores and the continued attach rate. And we talked about the success across all dayparts and the growth that we saw in the quarter across all dayparts. Lunch was the fastest growing daypart and it was driven by food attach, as well as our refreshment and iced beverages. And when you break down that beverage growth for the total quarter, we saw good growth in espresso, core espresso. We saw growth in brewed and we did see growth in blended as well as refreshment, all right? And to put a finer point on that, a couple of highlights there. First was Iced Coffee and Cold Brew. We actually grew Iced Coffee and Cold Brew 33% in the quarter. In addition, we also grew iced espresso, a core beverage, plus 27% in the quarter. And then refreshment, driven by Pink Drink, grew 57% in the quarter. So, we're seeing strong growth as it relates to core, as well as refreshment and in iced drinks. From a food standpoint, we saw innovation come into the quarter with the new protein boxes and the enhancements that they brought and the additional attach that they drove at lunch. We also saw growth in our core bakery and breakfast egg sandwiches in the morning daypart, which was great. And then we continue to see great success with the Sous Vide Egg Bites and we have plans to have that available nationally in the early part of August, which we're excited about. So, we feel good about the mix. Clearly, we want to continue to focus on transactions, and transactions is all about making sure that we're building those customer connections and that we are operating our stores at the level we expect and that our customers have come to expect.
John Winchester Culver: And David, one of the things I would just add, this is John, we are also looking at ways that we can activate our customers in the stores. How can our stores become much more active to activate and bring new Rewards members into the program and that's something else we're looking at, as well.
John Winchester Culver: This is John. I know that you'll be talking about growth across all those categories. Clearly, the growth of espresso-based beverages and the way in which our customers in China have embraced that, we see a long runway for growth, and we have a strong innovation pipeline around that. In the comments we talk about tea and the growth of tea that we've seen since we've introduced Teavana being at nearly 60% in China and Japan, and so tea will continue to be a focused area as well. In food, we've just done a lot of work around transforming our food program in China and rolling that out to our stores and we're seeing traction. So, we're going to continue to grow across all categories. And when we open up the Shanghai Roastery, that will give us a whole other level of innovation that we are going to be able to bring into our stores, whether it's coffee-based beverages or tea-based beverages or our food items. So, Belinda, I don't know if you want to make any...
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thanks, David. Matt Ryan here. And I want to get to the short-term question. Well, let me frame first with a little bit of a long-term view here, which is that in the U.S. and just about any other market we've studied, there's been a decades-long trend for growth away from home, food and beverage consumption, driven by demographics and people just want more convenience. And we're strongly bullish on the long-term continuation of that trend. However, in the past year, we've seen some pullback from that trendline, as we have from time to time, with consumers in the U.S. shifting some discretionary spend to other categories. We look at all sorts of sources of data here, including corroborating credit and debit card spend data. But we think the best source of industry comp intelligence comes from the APT index, which is a metric developed by Applied Predictive Technologies, that's the name of the company, that aggregates and tracks actual comp data from a broad set of more than 100,000 retail restaurant and QSR competitor locations on a weekly basis, allowing us to understand just how well we're doing versus important benchmarks. And for Q3 overall, the APT index showed decelerating and negative comp for QSR and restaurant industries, while Starbucks' own metrics accelerated comp to 5%. In fact, the differential between Starbucks and the industry increased significantly in Q3 compared to the past several quarters, and that's just on the comp stores. It excludes the effect of any further market share gains we have as a result of our strong pace of new store openings. Within the quarter, we did see some deceleration in month-to-month comp performance for both industry benchmarks and Starbucks, but Starbucks steadily outpaced the competition. And I'll let someone else (51:56) comment on that as well. What we really think this is about is the strong performance in share capture having to do with the pipeline of product innovation, the continued improvements to store operations that you heard about, and growth in digital engagement. And it's the trifecta of these three things: product innovations, ops excellence and digital, will continue to support market share capture in the short term. And should the current pullback in industry performance go back to the long-term trend, as we think it will, it will help align us and set us up for success there.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah. Not a lot more to add to that except for that when you're in a difficult periodic from time-to-time operating environment, what becomes very critical is your ability to talk to customers. And we saw that clearly in the results. It wasn't anything more than our ability to communicate that helped bring in our Starbucks Rewards customers at the level they were doing. So, for us it's important to extend the number of relationships we have so that we can continue to bring people into the franchise and we have plans to do that.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah. Just to re-summarize digital, you have to think about it as short-term and long-term things we can do to unlock value in digital. In the short term, we're going to continue to lean in hard to personalization and that spend per member metric (01:06:36), so we see that coming. But we also have a major opportunity to lean hard on customer acquisition, as well too, and we have strong plans throughout the remainder of this quarter and into next to do exactly that. In addition to that, moving forward, we laid out some broad ideas for where the digital flywheel goes down the road, and by broadening the digital flywheel beyond the narrow aperture of people with stored value cards and Rewards right now, we see large long-term opportunities for growth by creating more digital relationships. And we see, even in a tough environment like today, digital relationships enable us to communicate with customers and bring them into our stores with frequency.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: David, I'd just remind you that the increase from last year that was higher than normal was when we launched the new program. We had a lot of marketing and promotion against that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah. Sarah, this is Kevin. I'll comment and then hand to John Culver. In our U.S. business, 2 points of our comps came from our core beverages, and that's across all dayparts. So, certainly, our core coffee and espresso and core beverages contributed 2 points of comp. Food contributed 2 points of comp and then innovation beverages contributed the other 1 point. So, there's 3 points of comp from beverage, 2 points from food. And that just highlights why it's important for us to continue to drive innovation, both in food and in beverage. So, when you think about the innovation on beverage side, we've got a number of new things we've been doing around both hot and cold. You take some of the iced espresso beverages that we've been launching and bringing to market, Iced Macchiato is an example, continued innovation and deployment of Nitro into more stores for Nitro Cold Brew, very popular. Certainly, this quarter, the Teavana Infusions is an example of that. And then in the last quarter the Refreshers; kind of evolved around the Pink Drink as an example, but the Refreshers also helped. So, we've seen good comp growth from not only our core beverages, but also the innovation that we've been doing around other beverages as well as food. John, I'll let you add other comments if you have any.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, John, this is Kevin. I'll comment and then hand it over to Matt to add to this. I think, as Scott said, there's no evidence that the discounting that's going on amongst the value players is affecting us. I think they serve a different market and we're very focused on the product innovation and the more premium experience that we think attracts a different customer type. And so, the things that we've got to continue to do are number one, we've got to ensure that operational excellence in our stores is maintained and constantly enhanced. Now, we saw growth in every daypart. A lot of the operational enhancements in our stores has been focused on peak to make sure that we're creating a great improved experience in those stores with high volumes with Mobile Order & Pay, great progress there. And then it's also product innovation. I think, as John mentioned, the product innovation we've had both around food and beverage has helped us in the lunch daypart, in the afternoon daypart. And then the third aspect, in addition to a great in-store experience in food and beverage innovation is as we bring new customers into Starbucks, one of the most important things we want to do is find ways to establish a digital mobile relationship with those customers, even if they're not at the point of joining the Rewards program. And so, that's a lot of what Matt talked about in his section on the digital agenda. We're going to now start opening the aperture of the reach that we can get with the digital mobile relationship and we're going to start by experimenting with things on this guest checkout and some other initiatives that we have on the digital side. But I think the key has got to be a great in-store experience and innovative new food and beverage offers that bring those customers in or perhaps, who are less frequent into the stores and then figure out how to translate that into a longer relationship. And I'll let Matt extend his thoughts.
Kevin R. Johnson: Great. Thanks for the question, Matt. Just to remind you, what we guided last quarter for the fourth quarter, I think it's important for the question. So, last quarter, we adjusted our rest of year earnings guidance because of an impact we saw from the Teavana mall store performance. That will continue as we get ready to close those stores. We also significantly increased our investment, primarily in the fourth quarter around what we call Cyber Retail, so Reserved, Roastery and Princi, as well as digital. So, the short answer is indeed the fourth quarter reflects an acceleration in those investments, so that's important. And then the second thing is there is a little bit of slowdown in the earnings growth in the fourth quarter compared to what we guided last time from the lower comps, both in the U.S. and in Japan, but the last quarter, you'll remember, we adjusted fourth quarter because of those investments, so that is an increase as we move through the year.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Karen. This is Kevin. I'll comment and then hand it over to Matt. Clearly, the initiatives that we're driving around food and innovation around food and beverage is driving lift today, and that's going to continue to help us in comp going forward, independent of what's happening in the industry and the initiatives that we have in digital. And sort of the outline that Matt took you through. I think the fundamental improvements we're making in throughput and the customer experience, especially at peak, those are three things that are giving us good results today and those results will continue. So, Matt maybe I'll let you comment a bit more on the digital.
Kevin R. Johnson: There are a few things here. First of all, just as a reminder that the lower 8% number that we reported in membership growth for Starbucks Rewards this quarter was a result of having had last year an unusual growth in Q3. So, if you look at our two-year growth, it's still at 26% year-on-year and it's fairly consistent. That said, we know that there's more for us to do and we're going to continue to lean in. Chase will become a reason why we'll engage more people down the road, but in the short term, we see some significant promotional and just old-fashioned block and tackle customer acquisition opportunities in the quarter ahead, as well as continued improvements to the user experience and the sign-up experience to reduce frictions that cause people to drop off in the activation funnel. So, we're leaning in hard in that in the short term and then we have a lot more plans in the longer term including Chase.
Kevin R. Johnson: Let's talk about this year and then the longer term. Jason, what I would say is last quarter we definitely stepped up the level of investments this year and that's part of the reason we adjusted guidance last quarter. And as I responded to Matt, that was a piece of the reason the fourth quarter earnings growth decelerates a little bit. Broadly, what I said about the three different investments in the profile, is for Siren Retail investments, so, Reserve Roastery and Princi. Those, as far as their impact on margin this year, I think it's at its peak this year. We will continue to grow those investments from a dollar basis, but because we have a significant number of Roasteries that are in pre-opening right now, the impact on March is pretty high. And as we get into next year, it will be lower. It will still increase in investment. When I look at partner investments, I think we're in the middle of that cycle, so, we'll continue to lean in on partner investments as we get into next year although again, we'll talk to you a little bit on what happens from a margin standpoint as it relates to those. On digital investments, we continue to grow that and it will continue to grow from a dollar spend year-on-year. Some of that is capitalized, so the impact on margin and P&L is a little bit less. But the reality is, all of those investments, particularly around digital and around partner investments, we need to continue to make those because they're driving the kind of returns that allowed us to do a 5% comp this year and take additional share.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Andy, what I would say is hand-crafted beverages actually have some of the higher margins on a gross margin basis that we have in our stores. So, that includes iced teas and espresso beverages, very high gross margins and actually quite high operating margins, as well, even with the labor. But I take the spirit of your question. The way I would describe it is the challenge we have a bit with our mix is mostly versus what we had forecast in the quarter, where food is actually coming in a little bit stronger, which is a good thing because it's accretive to operating margin after leveraging all of the fixed cost and labor and rent, so that's the first thing. Where we've come up a bit short, and it's pressuring gross margins is, we just don't have quite as much beverage comp as we would like to see. So, adding more hand-crafted beverages, more iced teas, more core beverages, that will help with the mix challenge that we have. And I think as you see comps hopefully accelerate as we move through and into next year, that will help with the gross margin. So, it's really strong food growth and a little bit underweighted mix from beverage.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Greg, let me start. This is Kevin and then I'll hand it over to Scott for some specifics. First of all, we have been in China now for 18 years. And as a company, we have worked very diligently to build our brand, build relationships with our partners, create beautiful stores, a connection to customers, and when you think about a consumer brand that has more reach and relevance across China, it's hard to think of anyone that is better positioned. Number two, the unification of Mainland China as a company operated model will enable us to accelerate the pace of growth, and do it in a way consistent with the values and the culture that we've created in China. We have a world-class leadership team with Belinda right here on the phone with us today. And so if you think about the next two decades, I think the growth opportunities before us are unparalleled by anyone. So, I think of this as we have two major growth engines for Starbucks: the U.S. that's operating at scale and China that has this huge runway of growth in the form of new stores and reaching millions, tens of millions, of more customers. And so, both of them are core to what we are doing and they're core to our strategy, which is why the strategic actions we announced today, we believe are the right things to do because it allows us to put more energy and more focus behind the things that matter the most. Scott, you want to...
Kevin R. Johnson: Nicole, this is Kevin. Thank you for the question. As we think about long-range guidance going forward, we certainly understand and acknowledge the question. People look and say, FY 2017 year-to-date performance has been slightly below that long-range guidance, and so it's a valid question. First of all, I think it's important to know that when we guide for fiscal year 2018 next quarter, we will also in that guide provide you with any updates to our long-range guidance. Now, you might say well, why do you wait until then? Well, look, we've got line of sight to what – these strategic announcements we made today. Scott commented on the fact that East China acquisition is neutral to accretive in year one. We've got some variability in the Teavana mall store in terms of the pace of closures that we've got to work through over this next quarter. And so, I think it's important for us to take the time to ensure that if there are any other strategic actions we take between now and Q4, that we factor those into long-range guidance, that we have the final results for FY 2017 as the basis for long-range guidance. And then, frankly, we're right in the middle of creating our annual operating plan for fiscal year 2018. And we think it's important that that annual operating plan is completed as part of any update we give in long-range guidance. And then you should expect that on our October call. And I appreciate that's a question and I know it's an important one and I just ask for your patience, but we are completing the process and the things to do it thoughtfully and responsibly and be transparent with you and our investors.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Belinda, maybe you could give us some more color and share a little bit more of how you're driving both food and beverage innovation and what you see unfolding here over the next few years in China.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, thanks, Jeffrey, it's Scott. What I would say is there was no real impact other than the normal positive lift we saw all quarter around Starbucks Rewards. So we're not seeing any fatigue at all on the offers or in personalization. If anything, as Matt discussed, that's accelerating. What I would say, and I think this is what John was talking about, we did see some softness in the afternoon. It grew, it just grew a little bit less than we had expected and that was partly Frappuccino, but not only Frappuccino. We saw some softness in some of our iced products, as well, again versus what we expected, they still grew, but just a bit lower as we moved through the quarter. And then Morning Peak, as I said in my prepared remarks, that accelerated linked quarter, which was great because we're starting to see real traction around some of the throughput things we're working. But again, the acceleration we saw as we moved through the quarter wasn't quite as much as we'd hoped. And so, that's how I would describe the slowdown. It wasn't really in that promotional afternoon period, and we didn't see any impact from what we do with Starbucks Rewards other than continued lift and acceleration.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, I think the only thing I would add to that is when you look at the performance of China, we've got 20% revenue growth and operating income is growing quite a bit faster than that. So, operating margins in China have been expanding at a pretty rapid rate over the last handful of years. So, as we look at this acquisition, we see significant opportunity once we get through probably the first year or so, where we get a little investment done, some integration done to significantly accelerate the East China market and broaden the types of returns we've seen across the rest of Mainland China.
Scott Harlan Maw: I would only add I think Kevin nailed it on the beverage customization side. There is opportunity around food and around packaged coffee in our stores and we're in the process of looking at that, so we'll come back to you in future quarters as we work our way through that.
Howard S. Schultz: This is Howard. I was just going to remind people, we seem to be focusing a great deal on the slowdown in the second half of the quarter, and potentially the early part of April, but let's re-establish the fact that we had a 5% comp in the quarter and a 1% increase in traffic. We have not seen any other retailer or QSR company this quarter report a 5% comp. So, while you are beating us up a bit for lowering comps for Q4, which is the better part of valor because we are only three weeks into July, which is linked to the last quarter, let's reestablish common language. We had a 5% comp, 1% increase in traffic, and a 6% increase in China, mostly on traffic, while we're doubling down on the growth and development in China, which we have said publicly will be as large or bigger than our U.S. business. But once again, 5% comp, your number, in the quarter.
Howard S. Schultz: I would just add, as Kevin had in his prepared remarks, what we've seen over the last few months with Walmart and Jet.com and PetSmart and Chewy and most recently Amazon and Whole Foods, I think this is just, we're in the nascent stage of these kinds of commercial relationships that are going to elevate the experience of a brick-and-mortar retail company. And having said that, Starbucks is probably best positioned, given our national footprint, the demography of our customers, and where we're located to have those kinds of conversations. I think it would be premature to kind of get into who they are, but clearly, we are a very viable partner, given the change in the industry.
Howard S. Schultz: The question that was asked earlier of Kevin regarding potential commercial partnerships with tech companies or pure-play digital companies, we've learned a great deal from the relationship we have with Tencent in China. In only six months we've had over 2 million social gift transactions, which is just an unbelievable level of acceleration and velocity in a very short period of time. We do not have social gifting at that level here in the U.S., but clearly, we've got sightline on what that could be in the U.S. and the relationship that we have built with Tencent. So, the other thing I'd say is when you asked the question, a lot of the answer is based on the fact that bricks-and-mortar retailers are in need of a pure-play digital partner. But what we're also seeing in these discussions is that the digital companies and tech companies realize more than ever that there's going to be one customer interface, and that interface is as important to a tech company to have a brick-and-mortar relationship as it is for a brick-and-mortar relationship company to have a digital relationship. And so, once again, I think you're going to see lots of these kinds of things take place, as well as what I've been saying for the last few years, and that is, a level of consolidation and store closures, which we've all seen. But Starbucks, despite the cyclical issue of the macro environment, we are in the mix not only in these conversations, but clearly, the level of store growth, the level of customer profile, and the continuation of the velocity of building the equity of the brand domestically and around the world, and as Kevin said, the power we have to grow two businesses at once, a more mature business that clearly is not saturated here in the U.S. with the number of stores we continue to open with great success, and as Belinda said, the very early, nascent stages of what we're going to have, which is thousands of retail stores in China, multiple points of distribution in terms of product, and a digital relationship with multiple companies, based on the fact that the consumer in China is well more advanced than the U.S. consumer in terms of being a digital native. And we are at the intersection of that in ways that no other brick-and-mortar company is in China, based on the fact that we're in 130 cities with 2,800 stores, but it's also the profile of the consumer in China, and with almost $1 million AUV in the morning ritual starting in China building almost every day, this business in China, I think, is significantly underestimated both by the people who analyze our business and, I think, candidly, in the market value of Starbucks.
Howard S. Schultz: Yeah, just the last thing. I think one of the hallmarks of Starbucks, which continues to be highly relevant, is customization, and our ability to customize beverages is not about the number of SKUs we have. It's about the customer's demand and preference to customize their own beverage. And so, when it goes back to the question about our people and retention and the training, this is where we are at our best and this is where we do not have any other company in our space that is even second to us. So, I think you're going to see us play up customization at a higher level as we enter fiscal 2018, because we've always known how important that is, but it's becoming more and more important with this millennial consumer. So, just in closing, what I would say is we remain as optimistic as ever about the future of our company. We thought it was very prudent to really share with you what we experienced at the tail end of the quarter, and what we're experiencing the first few weeks, only three weeks into the 13-week quarter in Q4, but enough information to just be sensitive and be straight with you. We understand the question about long-term guidance, but as Kevin said, we have a lot to absorb and digest while we are in the AOP period, and like always, we'll be straight up and be very honest with you about where we stand. But our optimism for what we're doing inside the U.S. and what we announced today in China has never been stronger, so you should hang up this call, I hope, with realizing how bullish we are and how strong we feel about the future of our company. Thank you very much.
