Howard Schultz: Thank you for the question. I wouldn’t isolate any quarter or any period, whether it’s been any slight downturn traffic as any indication of a slowing or a lesser opportunity than we strongly believe we have. We’ve done a fair amount of research this year with regard to the share of coffee occasions that we have, as well as looking at the density of our stores in relationship to revenue and share. And I can tell you that there is a strong indication and we have a significant upside in the U.S. and in Canada. Also I think we’ve done a very good job over the last 12 to 18 months in creating store designs that are linked to real estate segmentation, which gives us the ability to almost create any configuration now in terms of size and the kind of real estate it is. And as I indicated in my comments, this new drive-through opportunities that we think we have, both in the traditional sense and in these walk-up drive-throughs and drive-through only are very, very unique and proving to be a very strong economic model. And I think playing off Troy’s comments, you’re so much upside we believe in the incrementality of creating new dayparts, fulfilling the needs that customers have other than the peak morning period. And as a result of that, we can put Starbuck stores in areas that previously we probably thought would not the kind of stores that we would have gone after because they were morning daypart driven. And so I think we’ve got significant upside. And I also want to say one of the things very quickly. This is not 2007 when we’re going to grow the company in an undisciplined way. The disciplined and thoughtfulness around our real estate strategy, both coupled with the qualitative nature of design and the quantitative analysis that we’re putting these decisions through are very, very strong and very disciplined, but we do believe – ensure that we have a significant level of runway domestically and in Canada.
Howard Schultz: Well, I don’t see any reason in the near-term that we can’t have mid single-digits in our company in terms of comp growth and a significant portion of that over time will be transactional.
Howard Schultz: As we sit here heading into spring and summer, I don’t think we’ve had this strong of a pipeline of product that we think is, really I think on target for what our customers are expecting for us in terms of beverage innovation. And I think we’re all hoping that we’re going to get a very unique level of response given the power of Oprah Winfrey.
Howard Schultz: And John, I’ll perhaps underscore some of what Scott said well, and the step-up a bit and look at this in a historical context. We have over a lot of years faced these kind of movements consistently time after time. The last time just being a few years ago. And it’s important to remember that during all those times, we delivered very strong earnings growth and margin expansion. In fact, over-delivered in our earnings range during the period of that difficult coffee cost prices, just a few years ago. So my point being that, number one, we are as protected as I think anybody and more so than most with respect to forward pricing in contracts. We have long relationships with our farmers, and we have every confidence in delivering our ability to continue to manage what happened in the marketplace. And we also have increase discipline and capability around managing the P&L as Scott has referred to. It gives us every ability to continue to deliver great comp growth, almost despite what will happen in the broader coffee markets.
Howard Schultz: Let’s go back to what I said, so there is no misunderstanding. We’ve been approached by tech companies and national retailers as to whether or not we would consider licensing or white-labeling the Starbucks’ mobile platform. I think you have to ask yourself, why are they asking us to do this? We have such a significant lead. There isn’t a company that we can identify that is processing anything close to a million transactions a week, and we’re now way over five million. Most of the national retailers did not invest ahead of the growth curve. They do not have the capability in-house at this point to really execute this and to fully understand it. Tech companies themselves obviously have the tech background and the insight that they do not have the interface on the physical side with the consumer to execute it. So we are in a very unique position having kind of saw, chicken and egg problem of both, the digital technology and obviously the interface with the consumer. I think we don’t look at it as a risk, we look at it clearly as a very significant upside. And the question we’re asking ourselves and we’re asking it through a very positive lens is we strongly believe that there is an opportunity in creating a monetization here that will be very complementary to the core business, and in a way it could add a flywheel effect of exposing more people to the Starbucks platform. We have not made the decision as to what we will do, but I can share with you that we are actively pursuing a number of conversations because we probably strongly believe that one is a title wave of consumer adoption and smartphones and mobile commerce, and we are in the sweet spot of being in a position to take advantage of that in a very unique fashion. And I should say domestically and internationally, don’t forget we are doing this now in over 20 countries.
Howard Schultz: Sure Joe. Thanks for that question. We’ll have John Culver, Group President of China and Asia Pacific, but also Channel Development, speak to that.
Howard Schultz: So let me have Scott take the first question related to dairy commodities and what we’re doing in that space, and then I’ll talk about ownership.
Howard Schultz: And then with respect to global ownership, when you see each region individually, there is a somewhat varying answer. In the U.S. we’ve always been predominantly company-operated. I expect we will always be predominantly company-operated for about 60% of our so stores in the U.S. owned and operated. In the coming years, we see a tremendous opportunity to continue accelerating licensed store growth. So it’s likely that license stores will grow somewhat faster than do company-owned units, even though we are accelerating both within the U.S. in coming years given the opportunity that we see. And even with that licensed store growth, we will remain still predominantly company-operated in the U.S. and with very, very strong returns both at the P&L level and also return on capital, even with that predominantly company-operated structure. In EMEA, we began discussing and articulating the volume a year or two ago are very focused strategy to migrate more toward the license structure. And we are well in the path as I commented in my earlier remarks and we’ll continue on that path. We’re not at the ending point yet with the license opportunities we have. And we see opportunity at high return on capital, company-owned stores in places, but far and away our growth would be dominated by license executions in Europe. And that will continue over a long period of time to shift that ownership mix more towards license in EMEA. And then in Asia Pacific, it’s actually somewhat different. We’ve been predominantly licensed going back to our earlier stage of opening in that region back in the last 90s. And we are on a progression out for shifting that mix a bit closer to company-operated particularly as we accelerate growth into China with the amazing returns and the huge opportunity we see in China. So Asia Pacific will slowly push a bit more for the company-owned overtime, although still likely remain 50/50 or stronger for licensed for the long run.
Troy Alstead: So I’ll just quote something Howard said in his remarks and Adam just alluded to that it’s important to recognize this. We are in a very, very early stages of building out this entire digital program, understanding how to connect with customers across multiple channels through the loyalty program, the experiences they have in stores and with the power of the stars that we’re already seeing. We’re already seeing and still at early days as that translates down the aisle. Very early days, so much more to come ahead of us.
Troy Alstead: David, let me start that and I’ll have Cliff Burrows give you some expansion on it. First of all, as we said there is no question it was in acute extreme weather quarter, and of course that is underlying our performance. I don’t – we’re not going to put a number on what things would have been without, but it was – in terms of the quarters we measured on our history, we had more stores closed and more disruption to opening hours than we never experienced before since we’ve kept track of things. So a very few quarter, with that said we currently see more ecstatic. We delivered 6% comp growth in that kind of environment. And I think that speaks to the power of brand, what our food programs doing, loyalty is driving customers. The experiences we’re providing every day. All of those things are way of help us overcome – what everybody else out there is experiencing is flat to negative growth as a result of weather, it’s allowed to deliver 6% comp growth. We did see an acceleration as I mentioned throughout the quarter. Again not to comment specifically on what it would have been with or without, but a very, very strong results overall and something we’re very pleased with. I mean perhaps Cliff can add some more texture.
Troy Alstead: Thank you, Cliff. And Jason let me add just a couple of points to that. First of all, food in most recent quarters had been closer to a point or strong point of comps, so we’re seeing an acceleration of the contribution from food. And remember that is coming despite the fact that food is only in three-fourths or so of the U.S. system, and we’re already seeing that significant contribution. So it’s very powerful. It’s a huge contribution to the business. It is natural and normal in any nature or system rollout we do going back to the days when we rolled up Frappuccino to refreshers a couple of years ago. They will always do learnings and check and adjust. And most importantly focused on what are we hearing from our customers. And if there is a place for us to respond, we’ll do that. It’s important to note there is nothing more than we’re doing in La Boulange than we doing it rollouts historically. So frankly it’s been a bit overblown what these changes or issues are. There aren’t any. In fact throughput will be at its highest level, highest historical level this year. There is absolutely no slowdown in the business. Food is an important contribution to comp growth. We expect that that tailwind from food will continue to the next year or two at least as we continue the bakery rollout and then move onto lunch. So very significant contributions, overwhelmingly positive feedback from customers and we could be more excited about what food would mean for us in the quarters ahead.
Cliff Burrows: Yes, I’m not sure was it was a great deal to triumph [ph] just beside what really played in the quarter. Not only did it disrupt our lives in our operations, the extreme weather, but it also disrupted the lives of our customers. And they changed their routines, they changed their habits. We will see overtime I am sure the balance particularly in transaction change, that was said by Harold earlier. If we look forward, we are confident that we can maintain that mid single-digit comp growth and the balance of taken transaction will change I am sure from quarter-to-quarter.
Cliff Burrows: Yes, Karen. It’s Cliff Burrows. Thanks for the question. Obviously our focus over the last – really in last two years has been in the acquisition of La Boulange, finding this fantastic range of products and capability. And then building infrastructure to rolling out, and as we said today we’re in 6,000 stores and 2,500 licensed stores. At the same time, we are starting now to really test lunch, and we will be starting the test in a significant number of stores in summer. And I would expect us to start rolling that out in 2015 and get to most of the markets during that time. Lunch over the last couple of years, we have seen growth with our paninis, with our salads and with our sandwich range. So we know the opportunity is there, but we know we’re only just beginning. What we will be doing is leveraging what we’ve learned around breakfast and that in part is not only in pastries but it’s what we’ve done recently with breakfast sandwiches. So that basis, plus the infrastructure around the three temperature distribution platform and freezers in the stores gives us opportunities to serve all our stores, sometimes remote markets and sometimes drive-through. One of the things been really encouraging for us is the strength of adoption and purchase of food items through the dry-through. And I think we have really cracked the code on how do we optimize the customer experience with the connection with our baristas, how do we manage a tight range of products to best serve our customers. So you’re going to see us at that range, in drive-through, you’re going to see us adapt it for remote markets and you’re going to see us utilize our three temperature distribution. So lots to come on that and we’re excited about what the opportunities in 2015. We’ve started the journey through. Delighted with the quality that we’re being able to deliver, and we keep getting stronger and stronger. So, much more to come.
Cliff Burrows: Troy and myself are both fine to answer the question. Jason, thank you for that question. There is no doubt that the challenge that we set for ourselves to transform our food business in a very good time. We are really, really delighted with the progress. We set ourselves a two-year timeframe to roll this out across the whole of the U.S. to put in a consolidated food platform, distribution channels and transform the way we deliver food to our customers and we have learnt great deal. One of the advantages we’re having is in-house capability is we can check and adjust very, very quickly. Each rollout we’ve done has got stronger than the one we’ve built. The ones was that rolled out since the start of the year have been absolutely fantastic. We’ve listened to the customers. Sometimes we will change the ingredients. Sometimes we will change the shape of product. In our stores next week, will be the new ingredients in a familiar form to Lemon Loaf Cake, which I think will be extremely well received, adds to that the strength in breakfast sandwich platform, where we’re up a 150% and adds to that fantastic responses we’ve had to the platform [ph]. We are really, really pleased and that we’re building a new capability.
Cliff Burrows: So in terms of the longer term – John, it’s Cliff, I would really see as utilizing any efficiency we get from mobile payments to focus on our customer experience. We are introducing a fantastic line up whether it’s new Frappuccinos this summer, whether it’s the Teavana Oprah Chai tea or whether its Fizzio later in the year. So any benefit we can get, we’re going to use that opportunity to share these fantastic new products with our customers.
Cliff Burrows: Yes, thanks Diane. It’s Cliff. We have been testing Evenings about 25 stores in a number of cities across the U.S. We’ve been testing in urban locations and in suburban locations. What we have seen is the wine and beer is the opportunity on the occasion for people to use our stores in a later daypart, and use it as a meeting place, use it as relaxing place, they use it for informal social groups to meet. What we are seeing which is really positive it’s not just about wine, but it is about the shareable plates of food. It is also people buying our traditional beverages, our core beverages. And that’s really healthy place to be, because that’s how the mood of the store evolves. We feel very, very confident. This is now – it’s resonating with our customers. It gives us an opportunity to grow daypart and increase our revenues and profits in those stores. We see as we said earlier that we can have a 1,000 or more over the next several years. We haven’t got final limits in it, and we’re just going to learn and grow over into, but it’s extremely significant concern to the number and it is accretive to everything you do in those stores.
Cliff Burrows: I’m not sure the hours will vary greatly, because many of our stores stay open quite late and serve the population. It just gives us – I wouldn’t describe it as a peak, but it makes the stores much more alive, and we will put those hours out and adjust them as we do now. I don’t see a major cost increase by spanning the hours as soon as taking more use of the hours for open.
Cliff Burrows: Thanks Keith for the question. And really add aha in everything we do, we need to make sure we take care of the work our partners do and that they are able to be successful in the product. And we recognize the tremendous steps that we’ve taken over the last 40 odd years and they continued to deliver amazing experience as far our customers. Everything we do, we are testing to make sure operationally is as simple as it can be, but it’s relevant for the customer and enhances the overall experience. There is no doubt with every new product, there is a learning curve. And we do everything we can to give the right tools, to give the right support. I do believe the work we’re doing around digital, in mobile technology overtime that will help and make it much more seamless experience. Obviously as we build new stores, as we refurbish new stores, we look at ways to make it more efficient. And that journey will carry on. When we look at Fizzio, the simplicity of making those beverages, and we are learning from the work we did with Frappuccino reinventions several years ago, just to try and make that work simple. So we’re very, very consciously engaged. And one; we’ve got a long line of sight to the launch of these products. Two; we are testing them. And three; we just keep checking and adjusting, involving our partners and listening to customers to make sure we check and adjust. And I think that’s the way, Keith, we feel confident and I’m very aware that we will focus on the spirits and that relationship between our partner and customer is key to our success.
Scott Maw: Yes. We haven’t really quantified, because it depends on so many things. It depends on where the market is, how much pricing we knew between now and then. Can I say calculated at any point in time, but given where we are today and the fact that pricing over the last couple of months, we haven’t been pricing a lot of coffee. Because of the length of our position both for this year and next year, we didn’t have the luxury of find, if you will, to see how things allow in Brazil. To second part of your question and be more specific, when we look at various scenarios, when doing the calculations, we know that up and down the P&L there are all sorts of things we can do to offset taking a look at investments we made, taking a look at our cost structure. And those are things we’d do if we need to, as things get more clear on the coffee price side. The thing to remember is that coffee is only about 15% to 20% of our COGS and occupancy line on the P&L. It’s less than 10% of our total operating cost. And so just sort of scale that gives us a quite a bit of flexibility on things we could do.
Scott Maw: So I’ll take the first part and then I’ll turn it over to Adam for the second part. This is Scott. There is a number of puts and takes in store operating expenses, but I would say that it was definitely impacted by both – for the Americas, by both weather and foreign exchange as revenue was impacted. So we did see core operating leverage excluding with.
Scott Maw: Thanks Jeffrey. I think the first thing I’d say about dairy is we do hedge dairy out about three to six months. The challenge of dairy is the market for hedging and price effective. It’s just much shallower and much shorter than it is for coffee, but we do protect ourselves out in a couple of quarters. So we’ve been able to manage through some of the price increases that we’ve seen in dairy. With that said, we have seen some headwind. We still – it’s in that commodities cost favorability of $0.09 to $0.10, so that’s all inclusive. So we’re completely confident we can cover it, but we do spend a lot of time looking at ways that we can hedge and manage dairy costs.
