Cliff Burrows: Thank you, Joe. It's Cliff here. The focus has been on all the basics in our stores, and really those peak hours in the mornings in our busiest stores, we have really focused on labor and making sure we have enough labor in the right place. That is helping us sell to more customers. We're also seeing an increase in occasions with the work we're doing around dayparts, and that can be lunch, that can be our Frappuccino platform, right through to the evenings in stores. And all of those are helping us to grow all our stores across all dayparts, and it really is an absolute focus on the basics. You're right in your assumption that Mobile Order & Pay is not yet a material part of that. As Adam said, it launched too late in the quarter. But we are really encouraged by the work we're doing investing in our partners, investing in labor and stores, and serving more customers.
Cliff Burrows: Thank you, Sara. And as was highlighted by Kevin, we've seen a real growth around that breakfast daypart, driven in part by the breakfast sandwiches seeing a 30% growth, lunch as we've expanded into that. We've seen a very healthy 20% growth in that daypart. And it really is focused from the work we started with level large products, feels like almost 3 years ago now and great quality ingredients that are resonating with our customers. We keep refining and improving not only the choice of food, but the relevance of the different dayparts. As we expanded our offer of Teavana shake and teas, again the complement to lunchtime food gives us encouragement that we're in the right direction here. We said in the analyst conference at the end of last year that we would see our food mix growing up to the mid 20s% in terms of percentage of mix, and I think that feels like a good place directionally. We are now up to 20%. We've seen a 1 point increase in the mix. So directionally heading that way and we have a good line of sight on it. Evenings we have rolled out the Evenings program to stores across different parts of the country. We are still in the early phase. We will see the expansion of Evenings to hundreds of stores in the US over the next 12 months. And that again gives another opportunity but only to introduce wine and beer, but to strengthen our food offering to be part of that Evenings software complemented by teas, coffees and a range of beverages. We've also expanded many of those new food offerings, certainly breakfast sandwiches and lunch, and our pastries into our Canadian business and into many of our license store partners. And it is the first time we have had an aligned range across such a wide portfolio. So that will also help us strengthen the relationship with our customers in terms of a consistent offer and also focus on delivering great quality food for our customers.
Cliff Burrows: Yes, I would say, David, the acceptance and enthusiasm from our partners across the country has been incredible. They feel well trained. They feel ready for the rollout and customer adoption, and usage of the new app has just been fantastic. And we keep learning and we keep tweaking, but the ramp-up rates and the adoption rate that Adam talked about earlier has just got stronger with each rollout. We now have some high volume stores, which has allowed us to pressure test what happens in those stores. And in fact, those are the ones where we are seeing the strongest adoption, and it does bode well for the future. So far, all the learning’s are good. I think that piece Adam said about getting store-specific menus so that the customer can order just what they want in their store. And I think the other one is just the excitement and the pressure to get into all of our stores as a standard part of our offer.
Cliff Burrows: Well, there's a lot there, Karen. I would say that we are seeing more similarities than differences across the country. Drive thru we focus primarily on a narrower range and opt in our bestsellers on new introductions or seasonal changes. But if somebody wants and is familiar with a wider range, they just order it. We are seeing bestsellers the same across the country, and there's no particular SKU to millennials. I think the lunchtime offering tied with tea, ice-shaken teas is a new development for us. There is a strong drive towards the breakfast sandwich platform, and that really is across the country. One of the things that has been extremely encouraging is our strongest food markets have gotten even stronger with this new food offering. And that is what is most encouraging. It's not everybody catching up the traditional markets for us. We've had our biggest adoption, and people buying the food have gotten stronger. And we see that this will continue to grow. I think the other thing that we have with this frozen distribution model is our availability product has increased significantly. Mobile Order & Pay is helping us again to improve that availability by us knowing exactly what the customer wants. So a lot of changes to the supply chain, a lot of refinements to the operational practices in stores. And at this stage, we are not tailoring to a particular group, but we are also taking the opportunity to bring in some locally relevant products. BC with a diverse supplier there, and also in New York with an opportunity with a local supplier. And I see that plus the grab and go snacks as some of the curated offers that we can start to put in the stores to complement our base.
