Patrick Grismer: We typically don't highlight gross margin but what I will do is speak to the performance of the Americas OI [ph] margin, just to give you some flavor for how we saw that play out in the quarter. In the quarter we've realized meaningful operating efficiencies and positive sales leverage which includes some gift card accounting benefits but those were more than offset by an unusually high level of investments including seasonal marketing expense to support holiday, product mix and inflation, primarily higher wages. And to give you a flavor for how we see this playing out balance of the year, we do expect stronger margin tailwinds and lighter margin headwinds compared to the first quarter and thus less store level margin contraction as the year unfolds. I'm specifically looking at product mix and what happened there in the first quarter. We experienced an adverse margin impact as beverage mix shifted from blended to refreshers, and also from higher food sales but that was partially offset by the positive impact of lower merchandise sales.
Patrick Grismer: David, just real quick on the delivery side; as we shared in the comments, as Kevin shared, right now what we're seeing is delivery is contributing in the mid-single digit range through our transaction mix in the key markets of Beijing and Shanghai. So, we are seeing nice solid growth in terms of transactions that are coming through delivery and we're going to continue again to focus on how do we build awareness around the delivery -- Starbucks Delivers through Alibaba and the Alibaba app as well as the Starbucks apps, we're going to focus on gaining trail; and then obviously, getting repeat in growing adoption. So those are the three big areas that we're focused on. When you look at the overall opportunity that we're seeing with Alibaba is part of the partnership, right; I think that there is a couple of things to note. First off, we have the Starbucks Delivers program through LMA [ph] as well as through the Star Kitchen program with Hema, and that is an area that we continue to invest in jointly together and continue to grow and rollout. The second area I would say is as it relates to Tmall and the opportunity that we see to make Starbucks product accessible through the Tmall site and today through this partnership we now have the number one position in terms of sales in the food and beverage card category across China, and in particular on the Tmall site. The virtual store that I talked about at the Investor Day is something that we have kicked off with Alibaba that gives us access to their 600 million users, and gives them the opportunity to become a Starbucks Rewards members at a much easier pace and with no -- very little friction. So what have we seen from a Starbucks Rewards program? From a Starbucks Rewards program our 90-day active membership grew over 14% in the quarter, we now have 7.3 million active members and the total membership across Starbucks Rewards stands at 22 million which showed an overall 8% increase in membership. So we're very, very pleased with the partnership and the opportunity that we're seeing with it and the opportunity to continue to innovate.
Patrick Grismer: Just to provide a little bit more perspective on how we see that working into our results. East China moves into the comp base for the first time in Q2 which means that the waiting of China in the comp base will comprise approximately 55% of CAP's comp results. Now as was discussed on the East China modeling call last year, these stores modestly underperformed company operated stores from a comp perspective, given a higher level of sales transfer due to an accelerated pace of new store openings. But as we've had a year now to align these stores with our pre-existing company-owned business, the results of East China are fully embedded in the guidance that we provided previously for 1% to 3%. So we do not now expect they will have a materially dilutive impact to our recorded comps for China or for CAP.
Patrick Grismer: I have to tell you, the economics of the Starbucks business in China are dramatically better than the economics of the restaurant business at another company I worked with, and their returns were very good. But when you consider the fact that Starbucks is a beverage-forward concept, Starbucks has dramatically higher cash margins and when you consider the fact that our store investment does not include a traditional kitchen, the sales to investment ratio again is dramatically superior. You combine those two things and what you have is an extraordinary return on investment, that means that it's in the best interest of Starbucks shareholders for us to continue to deploy capital to the development opportunity in China. I think you also have to take into account that given where we're at in the lifecycle of our business in China, we're into early innings; in many respects we're just getting started because of the vast potential we see for the Starbucks concept in China. So absolutely it makes all the sense in the world for Starbucks to continue to deploy capital against the new store development opportunity and to maintain company ownership and operations for the foreseeable future.
Patrick Grismer: First, what I'd like to do is to clarify the mechanics of that adjusted 1% growth. For purposes of our access streamline growth calculations we essentially exclude all aspects of the business is now licensed to Nestle leaving only the smaller portions that remain with Starbucks. And although that's the cleanest and the simplest way to remove the impact of the major transaction like this, the calculation itself belies [ph] the underlying growth in our global coffee licensing business. And we think that a more appropriate gauge of the health and growth of our channel business is market share, and so John will share with you a perspective on how our channel business has continued to grow and remain very vibrant, even under this new model, in fact enhanced by this new model.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks, David. I'll just comment briefly and I'll hand over to John Culver to go into some more detail. On your first question, I think that the fact that the performance we delivered, up 18% increase in new stores plus stabilizing our comp at 1% comp growth, that's delivering double-digit transaction growth which we think is the most important metric for us to focus on in China. Our new stores are highly profitable and they are working well, so we're going to continue to play the long game and I think we'll let you benchmark us versus others as their data comes out. But I think we're very comfortable and very confident in the strategy that we have in China. I'll let John comment further on that and take your question on delivery.
Kevin Johnson: Let me just clarify and I'll hand over to Roz. The fact that we've established 13 million digitally registered customers as part of the fedder pool in the way that we can now bring those customers into Starbucks at a deeper relationship and ultimately we'd like to bring them into our Starbucks Rewards Program. And that's part -- that's going to be an ongoing effort and there is a lot of the tools and things that we've implemented to help simplify the onboarding and help communicate and amplify the value proposition of the rewards program to them. There is also the changes we're making to the program that I'm going to hand over to Roz to talk about how we're enhancing the value proposition of Starbucks Rewards through the changes that Roz will take you through.
Kevin Johnson: And just one other thing I would just add to the comments here on China is, the opportunity that we see in the at-home coffee segment in China through the Global Coffee Alliance also is a big opportunity. As we expand Starbucks brand on the Nespresso and Dolce Gusto platforms, and continue to accelerate the expansion of Starbucks package coffee in home, this is wide space for us in that market and that will further extend our reach and grow the Starbucks brand in the country.
Kevin Johnson: Well, I want to thank all of you for joining us today. We continue to execute against our growth at scale strategy that we outlined at last month's investor conference. And I think the results that we just posted demonstrates that that strategy is working. Now I also know many of you were able to join us in New York at this opening of the Starbucks Reserve Roastery in December and we're excited to announced that the Tokyo Roastery will open to the public on February 28. So I would invite all of you on your next trip to Tokyo to please stop by and visit this beautiful roaster, and we'd love to host you. Thanks for joining us and we look forward to talking to you again, and we'll see you soon. Thanks.
John Culver: David, I think that overall from a China perspective we saw strong Q1 performance and continued momentum in the business, and as I shared in New York at Investor Day, really, just looking at the total transaction growth in the market, the new store build out which represents about 80% of our total revenue growth and the fact that we continue to increase our overall share in the market as we build out our store footprint. Clearly, the environment in China right now; we've demonstrated our ability to navigate what is a changing consumer economic and competitive environment. But as Kevin said in his comments, we are playing the long game and we believe in the strategy that we have in place, and the strategy is focused in a couple of different areas. First, it's continuing to expand our store footprint, and the reason we're doing that is because we continue to see very strong returns, and best-in-class performance in the new stores that we're building. The second thing that we're focused on again is continuing to grow the total revenues in the market. In the quarter we grew 19%, when you normalize for FX, as well as the East China integration, and our store count overall grew 18% as we opened up 10 new cities. So we now operate 3,700 stores across 158 cities. The other area that we're focused on is continuing to expand our digital partnership with Alibaba. And you mentioned Starbucks Delivers, we have rapidly rolled out in less than 90 days to 2,000 stores across 30 cities and we're seeing a strong awareness being build, we're seeing strong trail and we're seeing a growing adoption level from customers. I would say that from some of the metrics the average delivery time is approximately 19 minutes when a customer orders to the time they receive it; we're seeing strong performance in both, Beijing, as well as Shanghai, and the average ticket that we're seeing through the delivery orders is a bit higher than what we see in our average core stores and the mix tends to be more beverage led, and in particular, espresso led. So we feel good about the progress that we're making. In terms of incrementality to your question, we are seeing some positive impact but I would just say that it's too early to call exactly what that impact is but we're encouraged by the initial results that we're seeing. And we feel that we've got a competitive edge in the market, we've set new standards for delivery of coffee to our customers, and to customers throughout China we've obviously introduced innovation with splash-proof lids for hot and cold beverages, tamper-proof packaging seals, and individual hot and cold delivery containers. And so we're very encouraged by what we're seeing on the delivery platform through Starbucks Delivers, as well as our through our partnership with Alibaba.
John Culver: To your first question on delivery and margin impact; as part of the guidance that we've provided, we've modeled in a slight dilution of margin for our business in China but that is offset broadly across the CAP segment and roughly in line with us delivering a roughly flat margin across the entire segment. We're going to continue to look at ways to optimize the margin but more importantly, how did we rapidly expand this program and grow it in a way that brings more customers into the Starbucks brand and extends our reach because ultimately what we want to do is grow our overall share of consumption and our overall total revenues, and we feel very good about the position that we're in and the way we have this model into our P&L in FY19.
John Culver: Sure. John, I think you bring up a good question and obviously we continue to assess how do we want to continue to cover our markets, how do we want to continue to reach customers and build out the footprint of the delivery service. Your question around could you expect 100% of our stores having delivery; I would say initially we're not going down that path from the standpoint of -- when you get into some of these trade areas, we have a condensed footprint in those trade areas, so we will leverage certain stores in those trade areas. We're going through that evaluation right now, and looking at it we feel good, very good about the first 2,080 stores that we have, the 30 cities that we're in, and the coverage that we're providing; and we'll continue to rollout new stores as we continue through the year.
John Culver: Yes, I would just add that clearly, as I've shared John, we remain focused on the long-term opportunity that we see in China. And as we make our investments in this market, we feel that the short-term, mid-term and the long-term prospects are significant for our company. So we're committed to continuing to grow in this competitive environment. I would say that you see the returns that we've been able to generate in the market through our new stores, in the growth rates that we've been able to deliver, in terms of the top line, in terms of total transaction growth. We have a very healthy economic model. More importantly, we have a premium brand that is positioned very strongly in the market. And as competitors come in, they will help build awareness, they will help build consumption, but we feel we're positioned to win over the long-term in the market. And economically, clearly we've got a healthy economic model and others are out raising cash on a consistent basis trying to fund their model.
John Culver: Yes. Jeff, for us on China and in particular on delivery, we feel that we are well positioned from a price value perspective with our customers. And we always assess this but when you look at the experience that we provide, the investments that we've made into the delivery experience to make sure that the quality of the product is there and the true differentiators that customers have come to expect around Starbucks; we feel that we are well positioned to win in the delivery space in China. We'll continue to monitor but I would just say that we are positioned well in the short-term, as well as the long-term to capture the delivery opportunity.
John Culver: And I would just say Karen, we saw continued share growth momentum in Q1 which was very much in line with our expectations. For the Starbucks brand in total, we grew shares 60 basis points, the roasted ground category grew share 90 basis points, and cake-cups grew shares 30 basis points. So we continue to capture share from the competition, we're very pleased with the transition that's taken place with Nestle, we transitioned over 500 partners to the Global Coffee Alliance, the partnership itself leverages both unique capabilities from both companies, us as the leading premium global coffee brand, them in terms of their global reach and expertise to market sell and distribute across over 190 markets. We feel that we are well positioned with this partnership to continue to drive strong value for the company and for our shareholders.
Rosalind Brewer: So, first of all let me start with the breakdown between SR and non-SR; we typically don't give a great detail in that area between SR and non-SR but I will tell you that we continue to grow our business at peak in the mornings, and that's when we see our strongest Starbucks Rewards customer in our store, so we are continuing to grow very well there. I will also mention that within the quarter we saw very nice improvement in the number of Starbucks Rewards customers, we added 1 million new Starbucks Rewards members to the business. When we look at those numbers, that is a number that -- we've not achieved that number since 2015, so we're pleased with where we're growing the Starbucks Rewards customer. I will also tell you that we continue to see spend per member list on the Starbucks Rewards customer that we are pleased with, and we're also continuing to do work to convert those customers that have joined us from non-SR perspective and to get them to join us as an SR member, so our work continues there. Your second question was around how are we thinking about -- I think your question…
Rosalind Brewer: Starbucks Delivers, right, in the app; so that work is ongoing. So we just migrated from Miami to San Francisco this week and in the work that we're doing, the software integration is the most important part of the work that we can do right now, we are pleased with what we've seen just in the short week with the integration of the software. We are right now currently only able to access through the Uber app but there is word coming to bring us forward with the -- so that they can access Starbucks Delivers through the Starbucks Rewards app, so that is coming.
Rosalind Brewer: Just to tip it on the U.S. delivery progress; so we were encouraged exiting the work that we were doing in Miami and it's given us some insights in terms of how important it is for us to have the software integration to be successful so that the process actually works and the partners can execute very cleanly in the store; so that's going well. But in Miami we did learn that we have a little bit larger ticket with the delivery order. Secondly, we also learned that we are able to deliver certain beverages very well and others not, and so we are refining the menu so that we can make sure we understand when this program is fully rolled out that we understand what the menu needs to be. And then lastly, I would tell you one of the things that we learned in Miami is the operational pieces around what needs to happen so that we have affected delivery, so that's what we know at this point that it was encouraging and now for us to advance. You will see us go into six more areas, six additional areas over the next 4 to 6 weeks, and hopefully we'll be able to share more in second quarter -- at the end of second quarter with you. You asked a question about SR members versus non-SR and what are we learning about the new non-SR members. One of the things that we have been learning with the non-SR members, we're watching their spend levels, we're noticing that some of our non-SR members shop more with us in the afternoon, they are more of an occasional customer for us. And then lastly, I wanted to remind you that we are introducing our multi-tier redemption program that starts in second quarter of this year, that will allow us to provide access to our customers. And when you think about that program, we're excited about it because it continues to allow us to provide access to our brand but in addition to it, it gives you access to benefit broadly to this non-SR group. So we are adjusting the program that will happen in second quarter and we look forward to sharing more information with you as we get through the introduction of it.
Rosalind Brewer: So Matthew, just a few things. First of all, it is second quarter where we will begin marketing to the non-SR 13 million digitally registered consumers. I wanted to remind that this is still a transaction to spin-based program, so this is a spin-based program and we're just opening the range of opportunity. Some of the customer benefits of the new program is, all members will now be able to redeem from the start, no more levels to hurdle like instant goals. There is options to redeem faster, so the earlier program engagement by offering lower thresholds for items and add-ons. And so choice and flexibility are really at the heart of this program, and we really believe that it will really increase the overall appeal of the program to these individuals that we've not been able to attract to straight into the Starbucks Rewards Program. So we're going to continue to learn about these individuals and access and market to them, they were part of the group that we marketed the new Happy Hour Program too, and we were able to monitor their response against the new Happy Hour Program just by their email accessibility. So while this program rolls out in second quarter, so we're looking forward to see other response to it at that time but we're encouraged at this point.
Rosalind Brewer: First of all, concerning the media that we ran during the holiday season, it was a benefit for us. We had typically been deeply engaged in a lot of our digital, media and our one-to-one relationship through our digital relationships, and the out-of-store media that we ran was effective for us. We do see every time the Starbucks brand is wildly advertised as it was, we get -- we enjoy the performance that we see. I will tell you too that those commercials, they very well were used; some of our own partners are in those commercials, so they were well received. You will see us in the future do a better balance of out-of-store media, with digital media and we'll do a combined effort unlike what you've seen in the past. And then your -- the second question that you asked is around nitro; and if we see one point of improvement in our comp performance, I will tell you that our cold beverage platform overall actually does very well for us. When I look at our beverage performance in the holiday, cold espresso did extremely well for us, and we are encouraged by nitro which is why we're expanding it but the 1% comp, I'm not quite sure that I correlate with that number but I will tell you that the cold platform does extremely well for us.
