Cliff Burrows: Yes. Thanks Kevin. And Keith, it's really an ongoing program. We now have some authority in our breakfast sandwich range and we continue to refine both the product and our availability and we enhance our skills at both offering the product to customers through displays and through the partner confidence in sharing the product. One of the changes we made in Q2 last year was we introduced a food benefit for partners in the U.S. who were working on shift, they could have free food. And that I think has really helped them build confidence and it's probably the best practice we've had with beverage for many years, so they are very proud of the product. We are continuing to enhance that range basing it off breakfast, but now in lunch and Bistro Box, as Kevin mentioned, has grown 65% and we own that format and we consider that another way that we can grow our range. So it's about us having a confidence around food, having an authority around food and working on quality, variety, availability and our selling skills of our partners. So all in all, it's going well and we have a lot more runway to continue to build food.
Cliff Burrows: John, its Cliff. The investments we are making in our partners, both in the technology side to give them the tools to improve the way they do the work and also in them as partners and the salaries and benefits. We are certainly seeing strengthening engagements, reduction in turnover at partner level and we are seeing the opportunity to invest also in hours to capture more of the opportunity that presents itself. Certainly, it has helped us cope with the benefits from Mobile Order & Pay and we have seen growth at peak times across all of our markets and we've seen a strengthening in our weekend business and this is what we've been investing in hours, we are investing in the quality and retention of our partners.
Cliff Burrows: So just to -- John, it's Cliff -- to follow up on your points about tipping point and labor. I would say that what is most exciting of all is these higher volume stores that are seeing the greatest adoption and usage of Mobile Order & Pay, which is growing capacity and it's allowing us to reach volumes in those stores that set new levels for us. So, I think that tipping point is happening in some stores and it's happening in a really meaningful way in the high volume stores, which is great. And in terms of labor, we are not looking at it that way. We are looking at using the labor to continually serve the customers that are there, continue to build relationships with our customers and enhance the experience. So I think it's a continuous process of check and adjust, increase capacity in the store, hopefully have more Mobile Order & Pay orders and then grow our labor accordingly. And that's the way we are looking at it.
Howard Schultz: Let me say it this way. Regardless of what we decide to do, there would be no dilution whatsoever in our current ability to deliver to the market or retain the margin which has been so attractive since we started. We are in a unique position. We have the leading share. We know customers buy the brewer because of Starbucks. And it's a wait-and-see situation. But the most important thing is, we are reaffirming to the market and our customers they will have an ongoing stream of K-Cups and there will be no dilution whatsoever in terms of our ability to maintain supply regardless of who is making it.
Howard Schultz: I just want to add one thing as it relates to China specifically. Having just been in China, for John and I over the last week or so, I think there is one significant difference between the young people in China and the evolution of mobile in the U.S. And that is the Chinese consumer has leapfrogged from a rotary phone to a regular phone to a cell phone and a smartphone overnight. And as a result of that, not if but when we roll out Mobile Order & Pay and mobile payment in China, the adoption that we believe we are going to have in China is going to be more significant and quicker than it has been in the U.S., which already has stunned us in terms of how quickly the U.S. customer has embraced it. So our growth in China is not only in terms of the 500 stores per year that we're going to add over the next five years; it's overlaying that growth with technology that we strongly believe is going to be adopted at a quicker pace than the U.S. consumer has because of how technology is embedded in the Chinese consumer's life.
Howard Schultz: Yes. I can't give you the specifics of that, but clearly we are already demonstrating, if you look at the trajectory of these numbers, there's no question that this segment of the business and this foundation of the ecosystem we are building is going to grow the business. And that is going to have a significant effect on the overall growth of the business, both in the U.S. and around the world. And going back to China, I think having just come back there, I think we just can't wait to introduce mobile payment, Mobile Order & Pay, in China because it's going to be a runaway success.
Howard Schultz: We don't break out comps by country within the segment, but let me say it this way. We had over 10 consecutive years of positive comps and positive traffic in China. The success we are enjoying in China is really kind of highlighted by this past quarter. We opened over 150 stores in China this past quarter, the most we've ever opened in our history and it was the strongest class of new stores we have ever opened. In terms of daypart, I think, in addition to the technology we've talked about that we will be introducing in China, perhaps the most exciting aspect of the core China business looking to the future is that we are sitting with an incredibly strong level of unit economics in Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities that now are almost 100 cities in China and we are doing that for the most part without truly establishing a morning ritual. And there's no doubt in our minds if we look at every market we've opened around the world, including those markets in Asia, that a morning ritual starts, it evolves and it occurs. And we are seeing it sporadically but enough to give us great not hope, but vindication in those stores that have been open the longest, in Beijing and Shanghai, how that is developing. So if you look at the unit economics in China today, which are incredibly attractive and you lay on the technology we talked about. And then we know the morning ritual is going to come. We are sitting in a business today that, as I said publicly when I was in China last week, that we believe one day could very well be larger than the U.S. business. So anyone on the call who is in any way dissuaded by our commitment or our success in China as a result of a 5% comp in the region is not only mistaken, but you are looking at the wrong metric.
Howard Schultz: That's a perfect question for me. So I think we said three years ago publicly that we began to envision that there would be a seismic change in consumer behavior and that seismic change was due in large part to eCommerce and smartphone shopping. I think today in the headlines you've seen just in the last three weeks store closures of almost 50 Macy's stores, 150 Walmart stores. You've got to ask yourself what's going to happen to the future of many of those malls that are anchored by those big-box retailers. Having said that, the investments that we made in our partner investments, which is store execution and retention of our people and the intimate relationship we have with the customer, coupled with the technology investments which have been significant, to put up 4% traffic in this environment when there isn't a retailer in the country that is putting up anything close to 1% or 2%, let alone 9% comps in the quarter in the U.S. business, and we finished very strong for the quarter. So we have insulated ourselves from the bricks-and-mortar problem that will face many retailers as a result of the experience that we've created, the innovation, both in product, partner investments and technology. And as people who have covered the company know, we are still opening fantastic stores in the U.S. on a base of almost 10,000. And in addition to what I said about China and the 150 stores that we just opened best-of-class, the stores that we've opened in the U.S. this year are also best-of-class in terms of revenue and return on investment. So we see no signs whatsoever that we are going to be hit in any way by this seismic change in consumer behavior because we invested ahead of the growth curve and we continue to invest in those things that are customer-facing, partner-facing and technology.
Scott Maw: Hi, John. I just want to add one thing to that and it relates to the incrementality we are seeing on Mobile Order & Pay. So Kevin talked about, in the U.S. business, we saw the fastest morning daypart revenue growth that we've seen in over five years, so biggest morning daypart in over five years. And we can trace back a good portion of that uptake in performance this quarter to our busiest stores, and in those busiest stores, we can trace that back to Mobile Order & Pay introduction. And so it's aligned with what we are seeing in our results. It's aligned with the daypart. I would argue it's aligned with food attach and capacity and we're just getting started.
Scott Maw: Yes. I would add two things. One to what Kevin just said, just as we look at the international segments, EMEA and CAP. This year and over the long-term, we expect significant revenue and margin expansion to continue. So if you look at EMEA for example, a few years ago, they were at breakeven. Margin was essentially zero. And we are guiding to 15% this year, which is over a 100 basis point improvement over last year. And as I said, we're going to get up towards 20% over the next handful of years in EMEA. So that is a market with significant profitability growth. So to your question, October looked like a really good month to us and it looked like we are right on track to what we expected for the year. And then after what happened in Paris, we've seen some softening and now it's coming back. And so full year, we haven't changed our guidance and we are not at all changing the long-term belief in what we can do and what we have been driving in EMEA. And in CAP, again, we've targeted around 20% this year on operating margin, which is up slightly despite the math that impacts us from the Japan acquisition. And I actually think in CAP, you'll see us move towards the low to mid 20s over five years or so from an operating margin perspective, which gets CAP right up there with the Americas business. So again, strong revenue growth. We will have mid-teen revenue growth in CAP this year. The numbers are just phenomenal. Japan has outperformed the model in every single aspect that we can look at since acquisition and we are just getting started in growing that business, working with the team over there. And Howard talked about China. And again, we've never been more bullish on that. So the international markets for the quarter had a good quarter and the outlook for the future is very strong. As far as the balance sheet goes, we did a little bit more buyback than dividend in that split I gave you. But I want to just remind you, Jeff that given what we saw in the holiday and what we saw in the equity markets, we've significantly increased our buybacks to the tune of roughly double already this quarter what we did in the whole quarter last year. So that will include some leverage on the balance sheet and we will continue to evaluate that as we go forward. If you look back over the last 12 months, we've returned $2.5 billion of cash to shareholders. The number is significant. And over the last few quarters that number has increased as we put the balance sheet to work a little harder, as we've discussed.
Scott Maw: Yes. Matt, deferred revenue is up about -- just give me a second here. I'm pulling it up. It's up about $500 million over year-end, which is about 50%. And as Adam said, we had total loads on the card of $1.9 billion. We haven't split that out recently and I don't have at my fingertips the split between what goes on card and what goes on digital, but I think the relevant numbers are the significant growth we are seeing in total loads and frankly, that's the way we look at it and then the total increase in deferred revenue balances, which is about $0.5 billion.
Scott Maw: One of the reasons that G&A as a percentage of revenue is a little lower than you may have modeled is last year we had a fair bit of expense in G&A related to the Japan acquisition. And that was deal related costs and just some of integration costs and they were highest in the first quarter. So if you are modeling it as a percentage of revenues that could explain the delta you are seeing.
