Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. This is Matt Ryan on the first question. I'll hand it over to Roz for the second part of your question. With regard to the rewards program, we continue to see strong growth in the rewards program. That remains a driver of the positive momentum we saw across the quarter. Reminder, membership up 12% year on year, to almost 15 million, and the growth per member in spend was mid-single digits again too. So both of those are very strong numbers, and both reflect the contribution that the rewards program is making to our business right now. With regard to the newer digital relationships, that's going to be something that happens over time to our business, the contribution from those efforts which really began at the very end of the quarter, so that it was not a material impact yet to our business. We expect to see that really kick in sometime next year. Roz, I'll have you answer the ticket question.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. I think Happy Hour is a great example of how we're bringing this new strategy alive. So, last year, Happy Hour was a ten-day one-and-done stunt. What ended up happening is you gave the discount away to everybody. People came in, and whether or not they intended to come in, they got the discount if they're ordering a Frappuccino. Available on one product. What we are now doing is inviting people to sign up for Starbucks. And rather than it be a one-time-a-year promotion, this is an ongoing digital relationship that we will reprise over and over again, across the year and the years. What that means is that we won't just be doing Frappuccino for ten days in May. We will be able to use this very well-known device we have called Happy Hour to promote a variety of afternoon products across the year, using it not just in May, but across the year to bring customers back into our stores on an ongoing basis. Over time, we get to know customers, what they respond to, repeat, and we're able to personalize, and do things that we could do with the Starbucks Rewards customer right now, with a much broader segment of customers. The long-term strategy is something that is going to build over time, and its part of an ongoing shift in our marketing, from a short term one and done focus to a sustained platform ongoing relationship focus with our customers.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure, Matt, Ryan here. Thank you for the question. I think, the exciting thing about this strategy is that it is a long-term strategy. It's not something that is one and done this year, done in immediate response to the challenging environment we've been in. We see a huge opportunity because there are 75 million customers in our store, 15 million rewards. And the several million we're talking about this year is just the beginning. There is a long, long road ahead of us, and we're encouraged by early signs. Now it's way, and it'd be very easy to get over our skis and get excited about the results we've seen to date, but what I can tell you is that after just a couple of Happy Hours, we know we're on the right track here. We also know that it's very easy to sign customers up because people want to have a relationship with a brand that they are very involved with. So what we have going for us that most companies don't have going for us is that people want a direct digital relationship, and we're now giving them reasons outside of Starbucks Rewards to do that. So with the kind of frequents that we have, the kind of brand love we have, we see a lot of opportunity there. With regard to what we're going to see in terms of growth per customer and spend, too early to speculate on that. We're optimistic about what we saw in terms of the response to Happy Hours. I think Roz mentioned that we're seeing greater response to the Happy Hours from our non-SR versus our SR customer. So everything is very early, but everything is very promising. And the one thing I would stress is really it takes signing up customers, then getting to know them before we can really take advantage of the personalization and the benefits that come to the business, but we know we're on the right track.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: We had the question between transactions and ticket, and so transactions were flat across the quarter, and we saw improvement in ticket across the quarter as we move from the January timeframe through March. Remember, coming into January, we were just slightly under 1% comp, and then February, March, full comp of 3% in February and 3% in March, and getting us to the 2% overall for the quarter.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, so looking at the details around the afternoons, what we know about the occasional customer in the afternoon is that they don't shop with us as frequently, and they're not aware of our offerings as our Starbucks Rewards customers. What we also know about our business in the afternoons, is that we have used our afternoons to train our new partners that were just joining as baristas, and we have heavy routines in the afternoon. And so what we learned from managing our peak in the morning and managing routines, we're applying that to the afternoon so that we apply the right kind of labor when the customers are in the store. We are also looking at our afternoons in a different way. We know that the afternoon customer is looking for refreshment, and they are really interested in cold brew. So the new offering that we'll have in the product line is around cold brew, refreshers, and teas. We'll also be reducing the number of limited time offer, LTOs, that we have by 30% year-over-year. That gives us a chance to simplify the work in the afternoon so that the partners can engage with the customers so you'll get both the experience when you're in the Starbucks cafe. You'll also -- we'll also receive better efficiencies by use of the labor at that timeframe, and also too in the afternoons, we are introducing a new marketing platform around this new beverage line-up that we have in the afternoon. So we've learned a lot about that occasional customer. We've learned what happens in our stores with our partners, and we're adjusting that and getting their routines in line. And then we're investing in consistent marketing over a longer period of time for the afternoon growth.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, so a couple things here. First, just looking at foods, we're building a food supply chain while we're evaluating the Mercato roll out and we're learning a lot. And we're developing waste initiatives as we go and looking at ingredients very carefully to make sure we understand the cost as we design the product. And as we first entered the Mercato line-up, we were actually looking at this from a real broad scale. Now, we're down to the bare tactics and really managing waste. And then waste outside of Mercato, we're even down to the point where we're looking at even our stores that are lower performing stores from a sales perspective typically have higher waste. We have those on our list. We're going after each one of those stores to improve their waste performance by store, so very detailed work. And we're applying for the first time lean principles against that work. So we're down into the brass tactics of reducing our cost from a waste standpoint and leveraging the lean principles. I'll also tell you that food makes a lot of sense for us, but we are very keenly aware that we have to grow our beverage business. And we want beverage to lead and that's the plan as we go forward. And you see that in the second half of the year, a lot of focus on our beverage business, adding the new cold items to complement the rest of the product line. So its beverages, new beverages, marketing against those new beverages, and then applying a food-attached plan with that. I'd also mention that there is also savings in other parts of the business having to do with what we're seeing with labor efficiencies, and we're seeing that come forward through the work that we're doing with Deployment 2.0. So it's really a comprehensive plan around, yes, we will continue to invest in our partners. We'll continue to invest in our digital platforms. Those are paying forward now and even more in the future, and then managing this higher food mix by looking at our cost and our waste initiatives. So we're down into the brass tactics on cost through waste and labor.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, so there – this is Roz. I'll take the first part of that question and then I'm going to ask Matt to talk a little bit more about our digital relationships that happen to be growing. So first of all, when we think about the afternoon, we are actually going after a customer base that we really haven't touched. So it feels almost like a new customer that we're introducing to the brand. We have the opportunity to talk to them about the product offering and then introduce them to the experience in the stores, which has improved if they were a lapsed customer. So there's things that are changing that we hope will attract them to the store and then get them to eventually engage as a Starbucks Rewards member and begin to react and respond to us like our Starbucks Rewards members. So we have opportunity there. I'll also mention that the marketing efforts that we're putting around this, they are not short-term focused as we have done in the past. And this gives us a chance to tell a fuller, longer story about the offerings, and keep them engaged with us. And this is something, again, that we've not done in our business, as far as many of us can remember. And we hope this is going change how the customer enters the store. So Matt, share a little about the digital growth.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: And just one last thing, on that note, is that this does allow us to plan labor much more effectively, because it's a planned Happy Hour extended over a longer period of time, and more predictable, and so we're able to get labor efficiencies out of the programs that we're running now.
Rosalind Brewer - Starbucks Corp.: Yes. So couple of things there. So, first of all, we have fully rolled out Deployment 2.0. We did that in February, fully rolled out by the end of the month. And actually what the program does is, first of all, it establishes the store-specific sales routines, and then we apply the labor against it. It looks at the actual product mix. It actually looks at the channel mix, and it does that by day-part. And this is the visibility that we had not had the data in our stores. And in the past, the deployment routine was actually a one-size-fits-all program. So if you were a store in Chicago, and a store in Omaha, Nebraska, we applied the same deployment plan. Now we can look at this routine by store-specific data. They have a visual digital data that shows them, and displays within the store how to apply their labor, so it's not a cookie cut or spreadsheet approach like it was before. The work is much more balanced. We are getting engagement by the partners. They're enjoying knowing their schedules, and knowing what to expect from their sales flow. So from that, we're getting two particular moves, is the partner engagement piece, and also the cost efficiency from it. We're also looking at ways that we look at the product plans, too. So again, this reducing the LTOs by 30% helps us also add predictability into the scheduling. So both of those are creating efficiencies that we need.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Can I just add, the ticket was split pretty evenly between pricing and attach. So we still see really strong attach, and food continues to do very well. Our opportunity, as Roz said, is really in driving beverage.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Thanks for the question, Sharon. I'll intro this a little bit, but I want John to talk a little bit about what we're seeing in China, and then we'll get back to the question on guidance.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And the only thing I would add is in the last quarter's call, we said that China Asia-Pacific will be 40% of our business unit operating income growth, obviously given both the performance this quarter in China Asia-Pacific, the outlook that we have and a little bit lower performance in some of the other segments, that now is going to approach 60% of business unit operating income this year. So that is clearly a big growth driver for Starbucks.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Jeffrey. I'll start and Kevin can add in. What I would say is, as it relates to ownership structure, I think what we have done has been very analytical and open-minded about what we own and what we choose to license. And if you go back just over the last two years, we've moved to license Germany, Singapore, Taiwan and, the most recent quarter, Brazil. And we continue to analyze those markets that we own and look for opportunities to license or make a conscious decision to continue to own. So we are looking at returns. We're looking at growth profile. We're looking at overall market size when we're making those decisions, and we're actually pretty, I think, analytical and disciplined when we do that. In the U.S., we've always had, as you said, a really good mix of licensed stores and company owned stores. And there's reasons to license, particularly when we can get access to real estate that we wouldn't otherwise. But owning in the U.S. and China and some other markets really makes sense for us because of the returns that we get in those handful of markets on the stores that we own. And just to remind you, we see three to four times the cash flow and overall profit in a company-owned store in the U.S. than we do the average licensed store. And that's just because of the royalty structure and what you have to share with the licensee. Those are wonderful stores and we like those licensed relationships, but we also want to own where we can own 100% of the cash flows and drive the financial returns that we want. In addition, in those larger markets, obviously owning has qualitative benefits. We're faster to market. We're able to do product roll-outs and training and responses and marketing that are more difficult to do when you have a licensed mix. And so it's really about understanding and driving those returns in those markets. I don't know, Kevin, if you would add anything to that, or...
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And then on opening stores, the trigger for us to slow down new store openings in any country is, if we start to see returns on those stores and revenue in those stores start to come in below our expectations. And as we talked recently at a conference and walked through what happens when we open up a company-owned store in the U.S. is the net revenue and the net transactions that that new store is able the get. And because of the analytics that we have when we open the store, the capabilities we have particularly around drive-thrus, we give up a little bit of sales from stores around that store that the vast majority of the revenue in year one in that new store is incremental. And then those new stores grow for four or five years much faster than the average for the rest of the market. And so when you add all that up, there's really no net comp impact, and you have all of the profitability that you've got in that first year growing over time. And so we look at those store by store, P&L by P&L, we watch what happens as sales transfer, and if we start to see decay there, we will take action and we'll lower openings.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And Matt, on the first part of your question, what I would say is most of the things that you listed really will kick in in the back half of this year. We did see, we believe, some benefit from the Deployment 2.0 changes that Roz talked about, but the vast majority of what we talked about will build over the course of 2018.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, on the first question, Karen, it's just the company-owned stores in China as of the end of the year last year, so it does not include East China. We'll get our arms around those stores at a detailed level and we'll give you an update as we move through time. I will say that the profitability of those stores is also quite strong, but the 80% does not include those stores. On the other segment, substantially what's in there is definitely I would say broadly Siren Retail which includes the Roasteries. But will include for example the Reserve store that's downstairs in the building here in Seattle. It will include Princi stores as we open those. It includes I believe still some revenue related to SBC. And so there's a few things in there. And it will be beyond 2019 before that segment breaks even.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, David, this is Kevin Johnson. Let me just build on Roz's comments. Clearly the morning day-part, very important to us. And we've been increasing throughput at peak, recognizing that the dominant customer need state in the morning is the need state of convenience. And then what we've figured out too is that as we transition into the afternoon day-part, the need state starts to balance between both convenience and community. And so the deployment program that Roz mentioned earlier has acknowledged that and has figured out how we transition the way that we even deploy our labor, but how we also transition the activities that they do to create the right experience. So number one is experience. Number two is product as Roz said, and a lot of this has to do with cold beverages. And number three is then the changes we made in marketing to raise awareness. And we think the combination of the three: Improving the experience, delivering products that our customers want in the afternoon and raising awareness of those will tap into that occasional customer in that particular day-part. And I think, we've put all the right ingredients in place and we're executing on those with intent.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, John, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Roz. I think it's important to understand within that pressure that we're seeing of cost of goods sold is not only mix within the different types of foods, so a shift, as we said, a little bit away from bakery which has slightly higher margin towards prepared foods such as breakfast sandwiches which has a slightly lower margin. One of the things that we're doing to try to manage that, and Roz will talk about this more, is just making sure as we bring new products in that we have the right COGS and the right pricing up front. We're pretty good at that, but I think given the pressure from food in overall cost of goods sold, we're sharpening that capability a little bit. Back when we had 5% or 6% comp growth, we could have a broader array of margin within our food mix, and it still deliver operating income margin expansion and operating income. And now that comps have slowed a little bit, we're just sharpening that analytical capability even more. And then it's important to understand, there's still significant opportunities around savings and waste and beyond. And I'll let Roz talk about that a little bit.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: No, I think we've been very consistent in our approach to transition company-operated markets to licensed markets where it's makes sense, and you should expect us to continue to do so.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I'll – David, this is Kevin. I'll start by answering, I think, number one the Deployment 2.0 that was rolled out really addressed areas related to the customer experience in our stores. And we're seeing the results of that in terms of not only our partner engagement but in terms of our customer satisfaction by day-part. So I think clearly that is a very important attribute. Number two, digital. And as I've commented and Matt outlined, I think, the fact that we're widening the aperture of our digital reach far beyond rewards customers to include as many non-rewards customers as we can reach, giving us a direct channel to communicate with them. And frankly, what that does is it allows us to personalize the communications to improve their experience, but it also gives us that direct access to communicate with them which raises awareness. So that combination of personalized awareness of those customers, I think, is a very important attribute. And then third, I think the product innovation that we've been driving. And so those three things have to come together. The experience, the product innovation, and then the digital connection so there's awareness and reach.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Matt, this is Kevin. Let me take the question on Philadelphia first, and then we'll take your first question. But on Philadelphia, I spent several days on the ground in Philadelphia along with a number of members of our leadership team to ensure that we were fully reviewing and understanding the situation, and how that could have ever happened in a Starbucks. But also to begin to craft the appropriate actions to address it so that it doesn't happen again. And I believe we are focused on the long term and doing the right things, and we will be a better company because of this. Now, I acknowledge it's still early, but we are not seeing an impact on comp sales as a result of Philadelphia. We are still assessing the overall financial impact of the actions we are taking. We've announced we're closing stores in the afternoon of May 29, and we're embarking on not only a day of discovery, but work that we're going to do to ensure that all aspects of our review are captured in the actions that we're taking. And so one thing I do know for sure is that our approach to this will pay long term dividends for Starbucks.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: I'll have John talk a little bit about the East China business and the opportunity, but what we said, I think, on the call is that they're a little bit lower on the last call. They have been a little bit lower over time. Not dramatically lower, but a little bit lower, and it's really because of the significantly higher store opening rate in that market. John, do you want to talk a little bit about what...
