Roz Brewer: Thank you, Kevin. And thank you David for that question. Let me first start off talking about April. So to-date in April, we did have drive-through locations open. And as Pat mentioned, we had comparable sales growth in those U.S. company-operated stores averaging down by about 25% or indexing right at about 75% of prior levels. So as we reopened stores, we did a few things to really create the analysis, we created a decision modeling tool that helped us look at the customer frequency that we saw in those drive-through stores as well as looking at sources from local government guidance, the infection curves by county, customer sentiment and partner sentiment. So when we open starting next week, we're going to open with modifications. And those modifications will be drive-through stores. We will amplify delivery. We will have the Mobile Order & Pay channels open, and then the addition of a new concept, the entryway handoff. We will only have roughly 30 stores that will be cafe open and order. And in those 30 stores, there will be no seating. So we are making sure that we provide a safe environment for our customers and for our partners. And we will monitor what happens as shelter-in is lifted in certain regions and areas and then begin to reopen the cafe stores. You'll see later in the summer, we'll also add curbside access to our stores. So what we're doing David is managing what we're learning and then opening the stores accordingly and applying our partners and our labor against these new entryway model and also to amplify drive-through. We'll also be helping our customers use the app and make sure that they order ahead and pick up in store either through drive-through or those other channels that I described.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So as Kevin mentioned in – when we started off the call, we saw as we were entering the quarter and actually exiting last year, our Rewards members which are our highly routinized customers have really grown with us. We've increased to over 19 million of those customers in the U.S., up 15% a year ago. One of the things that we're seeing as we've been going through this COVID experience is our Starbucks Rewards members, they remain roughly 44% of our business, even as we progress through the quarter. And the majority, roughly about 70% of them are our frequent Starbucks Rewards customers. And they're still coming to our stores just less frequently. So – and also to think about what that looks like over a daytime, really we've not seen much change there. There's same frequency loss across all dayparts. It's a little bit more pronounced in the morning but that's to be expected because the routines have been disrupted. So we are encouraged by what we've seen so far in the U.S. We believe that these highly resilient customers will come back to us. The routines may look a little bit different but they will – people remain in a work from home position. But even as local mandates get relaxed, we feel like we can monitor and adapt accordingly.
Roz Brewer: Sharon you have a second part of that question. I'd like to address the second part of Sharon's question. She also asked about the marketing piece around the U.S. business. And we do have a marketing plan schedule as we reopen next week. And actually, if you think about the shutdown that we had we delayed the introduction of our spring beverage lineup and Double-Star Days in addition to our Happy Hour. So you'll see those reignited with a lot more energy than in past. We will spend within our existing plans for this year just condense them and accelerate most of the work around our -- enabling our app and encouraging people to use the app and order ahead. And then in terms of delivery, we've been able to accelerate in delivery. We believe in some markets like New York where we will have a handful of delivery-only stores, we're seeing some significantly higher volumes than normal with delivery in places like New York. But it's still early for us for delivery overall. But it is one of the channels that we will accelerate as we go through the post-COVID and COVID recovery period. Thank you.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Thank you, Sara for the questions. First of all let me start with -- so the plan we'll start reopening stores next week and then with the anticipation that we'll have just a little greater than 90% June 1, in the various formats. Sara when I think about the trend in both ticket and traffic, I think about the exit of fourth quarter into first quarter where we were seeing great pickup in terms of our beverage innovation, most predominantly in Nitro, Cold Brew and all cold coffee selling extremely well. It played well through our holiday beverage lineup and it continued to the point where we saw the 8% comp just into early March, the first 10 weeks of the quarter -- of the year. So first of all it starts with our beverage innovation. The second thing is the in-store experience. And so, we had done a significant amount of work to actually relieve the partner of a lot of their tactics they were doing in the stores and they were engaging with our customers in some of the most meaningful ways. Creating the best moments with our customers was really a real key change for us. Our customer sentiment and customer engagement numbers were at record levels in addition to our partner engagement was at record levels as well. We actually saw that partner engagement carry over to when we began to slow down stores due to COVID. We saw partners just volunteering to come work at stores very energetic. The response from customers has been great. We've seen great social media placements from our customers concerning how grateful they were and what they recognize our partners are doing to work in the stores. So I would just take it back to Sara the work that we've been working on for quite a while now and it's around the beverage innovation, the digital engagements that we've created and then the in-store experience. And those things continue to drive and that is exactly where we got to the 8 comp as we were coming into the COVID situation.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So, Katherine thanks for the question. So first of all, Pat did allude to a range, so that 65% to 75%. So, as you drill down there's probably some of those stores that are doing better and we're seeing it migrate. It really depends on those local jurisdictions and where the sheltering-in has been lifted. And we're seeing that over the last week or so. So, in some instances, it's actually too early to tell. Also remember that we have really turned off any marketing in this time. And so our customers are used to us introducing spring beverage in addition to speaking to them on a one-to-one basis through our digital relationships. And we've not acknowledged our birthday presentations to our customers. We've not introduced Happy Hour, nor have we done our Double-Star Days. So, I would say that we're operating in an abnormal position in terms of how we communicate to our customers. Now, coming out of the gate, we're doing a lot of new things with marketing. We'll have digital media. We'll have TV. We'll have paid social owned earned media. That all begins early next week. We're also creating new e-mail contacts to each one of our members. So those 30 million that you're -- that we can reach we will do that in the next week. And the most important thing is to let them know that we are open. And it's surprising to us in some areas people are not aware if we're open or not and we've actually had different hours in different regions. So, it's too soon to tell in terms of where the pickup will be, but we're pretty positive about the work that we have ahead of us and reintroducing our summer beverage line. So, we're encouraged by that. I'll also mention too, we have extensive work going on with our delivery partner. And so you'll see some marketing in the delivery space as well. So, the acceleration of these new models that we opened, we're going to talk about them pretty broadly and loudly and we'll know more over the next 30 days.
Roz Brewer: Andrew -- thank you John. Andrew a couple of things on our roasting capacity. We've been able to keep our roasting facilities open and running. We have followed local mandates for closure. As you can imagine in Amsterdam and different areas we shut down for a period of time. But we had a network of coffee built into the system. We did go take a few units down to do cleaning procedures to make sure we have a safe environment. We've adjusted in our roasting facilities for social distancing and that's been very effective for us. It has not impacted our production capacity. So, we feel pretty confident in our roasting capacity right now. Even before stores are opening we are in good shape. In terms of food sourcing, there's a lot of activity happening in proteins. Our breakfast sandwich business is secure. I will talk a little bit about breakfast as a category that we are intentionally wanting to regain as we reopen. We feel confident that we've got the inventory there and it's been in close contact with all of our suppliers in that area. So right now, we feel pretty good about our position. Thanks for the question.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So Chris, thank you for that question. So one of the things I'll highlight and John Culver alluded to it earlier is a different habit between China and the U.S. China is a sit-down market and the U.S. is a grab-and-go market. So for us to have access to a good percentage number more than 50% of our stores in the U.S. are drive-through. So that alone is going to create a difference. The second difference I will say and I think it's really obvious is that we have this decentralized decision-making. And so local municipalities can make a decision on openings and closings and shelter-ins and not and the mobility of the customer. So we'll learn those patterns through the month of May and be able to come back to you as Pat described in early June. But one of the things we're doing and it's primary to us is partner safety. And so as we reopen the stores, we're reopening in a safe environment, which is why these new modes of pick up and go we're really enforcing. We're enforcing to download the app and pick up and order ahead. We're also providing the safety for our partners things like a partner pre-check. And we instituted that last week where thermometers will be available in all stores. And then we will actually have every partner take their temperature and then validate if they're ready to work through a series of questions. That's something that we learned from China. It was very helpful for us. And so we are -- we learn from China and then just expanded that work and then looked at government and local health officials and what they were saying. And that's how we plan to open and we'll be in this safe position until we learn more. So we're going to learn as we go as -- Kevin calls it monitor and adapt. We're falling into line there and really going to open our stores. I'm encouraged that we'll have 90% of the stores open. The other thing I'll tell you is that, our partners are really wanting to -- they start from connection also. And so they're excited about rejoining the stores next week and we're having somewhat of a homecoming celebration for them as they reenter the stores next week and actually take them through new training around the cleaning protocols and then also how to keep themselves safe and healthy and how to keep customers safe and healthy. So we've got a pretty strong reopening plan that kicks off early next week.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks Roz. I'll just add one other point that we shared David to reinforce what Roz just said. Pre-COVID, 80% of our customer occasions in stores in the U.S. were for to-go take-away. And so by augmenting the in-store experience with mobile ordering and contactless pickup, we can service significant volume of customers without having the cafe seating area actually opened. And so I think that's an important point. Areas that will be slower similar in China if it's office -- stores near office parks where office workers are not going back to work yet, they will be a little slower. And then I think we anticipate that the mall stores will also be slower. And that -- mall stores are less than eight -- fewer than 8% I think of the total store fleet in the U.S. But I think Roz captured it quite well.
Kevin Johnson: Thanks, John. Let me just add one other observation. When we look at consumer behavior on a global basis as it relates to COVID-19, after people have been sheltering at home in a lockdown situation for several weeks – in China, it was a little over three weeks. In the U.S. it's been about six weeks. What they look for – what consumer sentiment looks for is something that is safe - experiences that are safe, familiar and convenient. And that is consistent around the world. And so what we've done at Starbucks is we've built the operating protocols in our stores to be safe to follow every – and exceed every health standard we can exceed and ensure we can provide every customer a safe experience. Clearly, getting that Starbucks Experience is something that's familiar to them. And when you've had to be sheltering in place for several weeks just to get out for a nice uplifting experience at Starbucks it's familiar and it's rewarding. And so customers come back to our stores. But having this convenient ability and those three attributes safe, familiar and convenient that is something that works around the world, following these periods where people have been sheltering at home. We've seen that in China. And I think we're going to see that in even a more amplified way in the U.S. but it's something that we're seeing in every single market around the world when they come out of sort of the lockdown phase.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. John, this is Kevin. Let me just comment. Pre-COVID, we had built a tremendous momentum in the business by focusing on three things: the customer experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships. And that remains the powerful combination for us to continue to engage and drive frequency of customer visits. But we recognize coming through the COVID experience that everyone around the world is sharing that really optimizing the initial store experience around these concepts of safe familiar and convenient is what gets customers now to start -- that's kind of the on-ramp to that engagement. Now certainly, we're going to know a lot more 30 days from now in the U.S. But I think as Roz highlighted, that in the drive-throughs, just the number of drive-throughs we've had open without even the cafe open, we were delivering 75 -- roughly 75% of prior year revenue in those individual stores. And so that's just an indication of the power of the brand and the strength of connection that we have with customers. Now I think over this next week when we open more stores and with the set of experiences that Roz has articulated, I think we're going to begin that path of engaging. And I think 30 days from now, we're going to have a much clearer view of how rapidly that goes. And we've got a great beverage lineup that Roz just talked about that's going to release. We're going to market and evangelize that. We've got -- we just grew digital customer relationships by 15% to 19.4 million in the U.S., we're going to leverage that to communicate with our customers. And we're going to be thoughtful and responsible with each step that we take and I think that's the formula.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. I'll just add the increase in ticket was group orders. I mean, it was drive-throughs -- going through a drive-through it's typically someone making a family Starbucks run and buying for their entire family or somebody making let's say, a frontline responder run and buying -- getting food and beverage for frontline responders. We saw a lot of that. So it's really driven by the fact that it was just drive-through only. And if you're going to take the time to go through drive-through you're going to load up and buy for the entire family or the entire group. And that drove down transaction drove up ticket.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. Dennis this is Kevin. I would just start by commenting on the momentum that we had generated pre-COVID. And clearly the -- posting an 8% comp with four points of transaction growth in the U.S. in the first -- up until the last two weeks of March was clearly an indication that I think this combination of the in-store experience, beverage innovation and digital customer relationships was putting us in a position where we were I think growing share of the customer occasions at specialty coffee retail. And I believe if anything the way we've navigated the virus continues to put us in a very strong position competitively. That said there's -- the economic implications following this are yet to be determined. I think, we're very optimistic about our competitive position and we just have to -- we'll be a lot smarter 30 days from now after we get to see the reaction of the reopening in the United States. Similarly in China, I think we're also in a very strong competitive position. I'd say both in the U.S. and China we're in the strongest competitive position that we've been in, in the history of the company. And a lot of that comes through the focus and discipline that we had going into COVID, as well as the principled way we have decided every action we've taken to navigate the COVID virus responsibly and thoughtfully prioritizing the health and well-being of our partners and our customers, the engagement partnership we've had with governments and health officials to help contain and -- mitigate and contain the spread of the virus and the fact that we are showing up in a positive and responsible way in every community that we're part of. And so I think our competitive position is very strong. That said we rise. We've got to keep -- stay focused on the things that matter. We've got to do the right things for our partners and our customers. And if we do that, I think we emerge from this strengthening, the brand and strengthening the connection that we have with our customers.
Kevin Johnson: Matt, this is Kevin. Let me just comment on the part of your question then I'll hand it over to Pat. You'd suggested that 50% of the stores that we closed were hampered for some reason. That's not the case. We decided when we went into the shelter-at-home to only open drive-throughs and we did that for partner safety. We just decided rather than have any location that has a cafe opened during the period where the nation was sheltering at home and social distancing we thought that was the safest way for us to ensure both our partners' safety as well as out of our customers. So that's what drove the decision to close all those stores, whereas certainly others made different decisions and that's fine. But we prioritize the health and well-being of our Starbucks partners and the customers, which is why we were more aggressive perhaps than others in closing stores. And then, I'll hand over to Pat for comments on the rest of your question.
Kevin Johnson: And I do think it is fair to believe that occupancy -- lease rates are going to go down post-COVID just given the situation. And I think that's a fair assumption.
Kevin Johnson: Thank you. I want to thank you for joining us today and I hope you and your families are all safe and healthy. We continue to navigate through this unprecedented situation staying true to our mission and values and I'm pleased with where we are. China has demonstrated a clear path to recovery. The U.S. is prepared to reopen a large number of stores next week and throughout the month of May. Our channels business has demonstrated resilience through all of this and I am confident in our approach and optimistic about our ability to continue to drive Starbucks recovery in this monitor-and-adapt phase. We all understand the power of the Starbucks brand is strong. And through our principled actions we have strengthened the trust and confidence of both our partners and our customers have in Starbucks. That will serve us very well for the long term. I'm very proud of how Starbucks partners have shown up in every part of the world and we will continue to be focused, disciplined and transparent with all stakeholders, as we continue to navigate this situation. Thank you.
John Culver: Yes. John, this is -- okay. Thank you, John. I appreciate that. Just real quick on China. Traditionally we've seen 80% of our business be stay-in and enjoy their drinks in the cafes. As COVID hit, we hit a peak of nearly 80% of transactions being digital orders. And those digital orders were all set up with the contactless experience through walking in the stores and picking up your orders in Mobile Order & Pay. And then the rest of it was delivery. What we see today is that in the stores that we have open we have roughly 83% of those stores have seating in them with social distancing in place. And so we are seeing people come back into the cafes and sit there albeit not to the levels that we saw pre-COVID. What we're seeing is that there is a higher percentage of to-go orders taking place in China and we expect that trend to continue. And if there is a silver lining, I think it is forming a new habit in China, where you are seeing more people take to-go orders and get used to doing that. And so we're optimistic that the shift will continue to occur. We anticipate the 80% of where we were pre-COVID will come back maybe not as high but the overall sales levels that we'll see in China, we will get back to full recovery and on a path to full recovery by the end of this fiscal year.
John Culver: And just real quick Sharon on China. We continue to see digital being a key element of our strategy in China and really the adoption of the digital transactions in our stores continues to accelerate. What we've been able to do is leverage our Starbucks Rewards membership to really maintain that connection and engagement during the COVID experience. We're seeing sequential improvements in overall weekly active members. So more and more people continue to adopt the digital app and interact with us digitally. And as I shared or was shared in one of the scripts, digital order mix is now 29% in Q2. We had a peak in early February of 80% early on. And really you're seeing a good split between Mobile Order & Pay making up about 16% of that 29% and delivery making up about 13%. So we're very encouraged with the opportunity in digital. And now just a couple of days ago we announced our partnership with Sequoia Capital, which we think will further accelerate our ability to leverage the digital flywheel and accelerate the pace of retail innovation as we look to partner with local tech companies and key start-ups in China.
John Culver: Yes. Brian the biggest impact to us on the recovery is getting the rest of our stores open that aren't open. And those stores right now are in some of our highest volume channels those being the international travel hubs and the airports the tourist areas as tourism has subsided in China and then obviously, some of the entertainment areas in the downtown urban areas and in the neighborhood. So, once we get those stores reopened we feel that we can get back to a path where our comps will continue to accelerate beyond what we're already seeing. The good news is that we continue to see transactions gain momentum in the market number one. Number two we also see digital continuing to play a bigger role and in particular MOP and MOD and we're going to continue to leverage that. And then number three, obviously, we're excited about getting new stores reopened as well and start opening new stores. And we're on a path where we are going to hit the 500 stores by the end of this year and we are going to continue to accelerate. What we've seen thus far in the month of April we've opened seven new stores. They're performing well. We are also opening Starbucks Now which is a mobile order pickup and mobile order delivery store concept. We now have it down in Shenzhen as well as in Beijing. We're going to continue to accelerate that concept. And once schools go back into session which they start later this week and into next week we foresee that the mornings will continue to recover as people go back into offices and get more back into routinized behaviors which I think will help as well.
John Culver: Yes, Andrew this is something that we're monitoring obviously each and every day. We feel very good with our positions on green coffee inventories and how we're positioned in the marketplace. What we've seen in terms of green coffee is that in Latin America, they're through the harvest and we were able to secure the adequate supply that we need. We're now moving into South America into Brazil and Colombia. And we're continuing to see those markets have good crops this year and we don't anticipate any supply disruption in that regard. So, we feel good about the green coffee. And then as we get it here to the states having the transportation set up to do so.
John Culver: Yes. Chris, just real quick on China. I think the big difference for us has been our ability to leverage the relationships that we've been able to build with the government officials both in the central government, the provincial government and then into the cities and really taking those relationships and being able to understand how they're thinking about the reopening and working closely with them on staging our reopening based on what their plans were. We also were very well connected into the local health officials as well. And we work very closely with them to put together the safety protocols in our stores and how we would operate our stores going forward. So really making sure that we created a safe environment and that we continue to build on the trust that our brand has with our customers and obviously with our partners. And so what we've seen as we've opened up, first off our partners similar to the U.S. were very excited to get back into stores. And as a matter of fact, since we've begun and gotten to the 98% of stores reopened, our customer experience scores has actually increased by over eight points pre-COVID levels. So the engagement level of our customers and more importantly, the engagement level of our partners is really amplifying the strength of our brand and the resilience of Starbucks in the market. So very proud of the work that they've done and just want to recognize the China team for what they've done to navigate this complex situation.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, David. I'll start-off by saying that, given the scale of our company combined with the strength of our balance sheet, we are confident that, we will be able to maintain appropriate liquidity as we manage the current crisis. Now, when you consider that today over 50% of our company-operated stores are closed in the U.S. and Canada, and those that are open are largely restricted to drive-through and delivery channels, and with store partner payroll protection temporarily in place, our cash burn rate has peaked. And it's at approximately $125 million per week after CapEx, but before dividends. We expect this burn rate to go down as we begin reopening large numbers of company-operated stores in the U.S. and Canada in the month of May, and to reduce further in the month of June as we normalize our store partner pay practices and benefit from recapturing sales. We have already taken steps to enhance our financial flexibility and that includes issuing $1.75 billion of bonds in March, with the proceeds used to pay down outstanding commercial paper balances, temporarily suspending our share repurchase program, deferring certain capital expenditures and reducing discretionary spending. And so with the amount of cash currently available to us and that includes our existing credit facilities and additional borrowing capacity, if we need it. We're comfortable with our overall liquidity position and we're well prepared to manage current operating conditions from a cash flow perspective. And that includes the investments in interim partner wages and benefits, which we've extended through the end of May. That said, our near-term focus clearly is on reopening our stores and optimizing their profitability as we emerge from the crisis and learn more about underlying customer traffic patterns and trends. Now you asked about our dividend. As I said in my prepared remarks, one of the things that we're proud of is that, we're able to maintain our commitment to shareholders to provide some measure of certain return in an uncertain investment environment. So our intention today is to continue to pay our quarterly dividend. As to CapEx, we've already taken steps to trim CapEx this year. That includes the deferral of certain new store openings that were planned for this year, deferring those into next year. That includes for example China, where we had originally guided to 600 new stores this year. We've taken that down to at least 500. So there is some deferral of capital associated with that and we've taken the opportunity to trim some of our other capital spending programs including store refurbishments. But based on what we see today, including our expectation that sales will start to recover as we come out of the third quarter into the fourth quarter into next year, I would say, at this stage we would expect CapEx to normalize in fiscal 2021. But it's simply too early to give any specific guidance around CapEx. But I would say that, we're optimistic that given the shape of the recovery curve going into next year that our capital spending programs, which underpin so much of our growth we would expect to normalize next year.
Pat Grismer: Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. Well, current margin performance is obviously highly distorted by large levels of store closures and interim store partner pay practices, so talking about the value of incremental comp growth or incremental margin improvement is somewhat irrelevant I would say at this juncture. And our top priority and our near-term goal is to return to cash-positive store operations and to improve from there towards full recovery. And we will do that by reopening large numbers of stores and improving their profitability including normalizing store partner pay practices starting in May. And based on our current store reopening plans, we expect that our cash needs are going to peak on this quarter. Now, as I said in my prepared remarks, we do expect the absolute impact of the lower sales and increased investments to intensify in the third quarter. It will be much more significant than they were in the second quarter in large part given to the longer duration of impact, because when you think about it, and let's talk about the U.S. business. In the second quarter we had between two and three weeks impacted by COVID-19 outbreak. In the third quarter for all intents and purposes we're expecting 13 weeks of impact, most significant in the month of April but reduced in the months of May and June as we reopen our stores and normalize our pay practices. Now for International, it's slightly different in the sense that we expect continued improvements in China from both a sales and margin perspective but we do expect adverse impacts in Japan and other markets including EMEA to intensify compared to Q2. And that's again largely due to an extended duration of impact in the third quarter. On balance there are just too many unknowns and too many moving pieces to be able to provide more explicit guidance on Q3 results outside of China at this time other than to say that the impacts to revenue and operating income will be much more substantial in absolute terms in Q3 compared to Q2, but we do expect these impacts to moderate in the fourth quarter. And we will continue our practice of providing updates to the investment community when we have better visibility to them.
Pat Grismer: Certainly. Thank you, Katherine. So, since the third week of March when we initiated widespread closures of stores in the U.S. we've seen the comps which include the impact of closures based on how we've defined comps for this period of time, it's been fairly steady in the range of minus 60 to minus 70. As we have in recent weeks reopened some more of our drive-through stores, we've seen slight improvement within that range, so that we're closer to the minus 60 end of that range. But it really is not until we begin to reopen large numbers of stores starting the week of May 4 that we would anticipate seeing a material improvement in that number.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Kevin. And thanks Matt for the question. So a couple of things I'll comment on. The first is that, as we reopen our stores that are currently closed, we will be applying our normal discipline to optimize store performance. We have a world-class operations team that is as focused on the bottom line as on the top line driving sales. And so once we have better visibility to the sales recovery curves for those stores, we will be taking appropriate steps to optimize their profitability. Specifically with respect to rent, what I'd like to say is that to date we're quite proud of the fact that we have remained current on all of our rent payments, which we believe reinforces our position as a developer of choice if you will. We are having ongoing conversations with our landlords in various markets regarding what may be commercially reasonable lease concessions in the current environment. So we've not yet confirmed those arrangements and it's really premature to indicate what that relief may look like, but it is something that we are pursuing.
