Pat Grismer: Thank you, John, for the question. So with respect to the impact of the increase in our digital business, on our labor productivity, we've been very pleased with the growth of our digital business. But even as that has increased, and even as some of our cafe seating has remained closed, we've added operational complexities to the business like enhanced and more frequent cleaning, and managing social distancing in our cafes, including as customers come in for mobile order and pay pickup. And that is to ensure safety in our stores for both our partners and our customers, which has been instrumental to our ability to welcome customers back to the business. And so this is attended to offset some of the improved labor productivity that we would have otherwise realized. And as a result of these new operational complexities, along with the incremental investments we're making to enhance partner wages and benefits. Our fiscal ‘21 margin guidance reflects that labor recovery will trail sales recovery, with overall labor productivity, returning to pre-COVID levels by Q4. But I do want to clarify that the team remains very much focused on ensuring that we are driving enhanced productivity in our stores. And that's largely through the redesign of in-store operating routines, as well as the introduction of new technologies as we continue to automate tasks. So it's really through a combination of how we've responded to the new operating environment to provide that safe and welcoming store atmosphere that our partners and customers require, along with how we're able to benefit from sales leverage as we recover our business. Now, you asked what is the average unifying that we would need to achieve and how that compares to fiscal ‘19. As you know, we're anticipating that we will have fully recovered comparable store sales by the end of our fiscal second quarter, but there will be a two quarter lag beyond that, because of the dynamics I mentioned before we expect to see full margin recovery, and that includes the improved labor productivity.
Pat Grismer: And Jeffrey, this is Pat. Just to build on what John has said, I think it was a couple of years ago, at our China Investor Conference that we talked about a longer term goal of reaching 6,000 stores in China by the end of fiscal ‘22, we’ve remained optimistic that we will achieve that number and that does imply that following fiscal ‘21, we will see an acceleration in the pace of new unit development in China.
Pat Grismer: And John, just to build on what Roz has said with respect to the composition of our store closures as we reposition the portfolio. When we announced our trade area transformation back in June via our 8-K, we talked about 600 closures in the Americas that was 400 in the U.S. and 200 in Canada, all company operated stores. And so with the incremental 200 store closures that we've announced that's about 100 in the U.S. and 100 in Canada. And you know, part of the reason why we've taken that up is that as our team has started the process of repositioning the portfolio over the course of the summer, accelerating the strategic plans we already had in place, what we've learned is that we've been able to manage the closures much more efficiently than we originally anticipated. And that's largely about the average lease exit costs. So with this new information, we were able to go back and take a look at the portfolio, along with insights we have into how the dense metro trade areas are performing and identify an incremental 200 store closures that would create shareholder value through our ability to capture sales transfer from the stores that are closing at nearby locations, while also reducing cash operating losses at underperforming stores, avoiding future CapEx that would otherwise have to spend to remodel some of these stores. And that more than pays for these lease exit costs per unit and so the additional experience just over the course of the summer put us in a much stronger position to move even more rapidly with a strategic transformation of our state. And the thing I would point out that is a big benefit of that. And certainly working in our guidance is a meaningful improvement to not only our Americas operating margin, but then how that flows through to the enterprise. At the enterprise level, it's on the order of 40 basis points. So we're really pleased with how our team has been able to respond to their learnings over the course of the summer, and put together even more aggressive plans that are going to put us in a much more profitable position, and also structured the business for stronger growth going forward.
Pat Grismer: And Sara just to provide a little bit more fabric on some of the numbers. And I believe Roz may have inadvertently said $21 and she meant 21%. But just to help you understand some of the underlying drivers, at the onset of COVID, ticket comp in the U.S. company operated stores accelerated to 25% well beyond, what we had expected, and that was driven primarily by a shift in sales mix toward our drive through an MLP channels, where average spend tends to be higher in part due to a higher incidence of group orders. Now in the fourth quarter ticket growth moderated as compared to those previous highs but remained well above pre -COVID levels in the range of 3% to 4%. And that's where it came in at 21% for the quarter, and that was driven by order consolidation, a mix shift to higher priced cold beverages like a refreshers and frappuccino and an increase in upsizing as more customers treated themselves to [vendors and transits]. We do expect further moderation of ticket growth in future quarters, particularly as we lap the U.S. onset of COVID-19 in the latter part of our fiscal second quarter, I would say that our average ticket has also benefited from the customer appeal of our plant based offerings, which are premium priced. Specifically, we're seeing positive momentum in the alternate dairy space, as its share of U.S. company offered to net sales nearly doubled in the quarter. And this includes the impact of modifiers for alternate milk. And with the addition of oat milk in fiscal ‘21, we expect to see ongoing ticket benefits from premium product innovation, and modifier growth. Maybe a couple of things, I think you may find interesting in terms of how this relates to how consumer behavior is changing and how it's showing up in our business. Remote working has shifted urban transactions to the suburbs. And this has led to higher order consolidation has customers who previously purchased for only themselves are increasingly buying for others. And then as they're coming, they're not just adding beverages for, the larger party size, but food attached is at record highs, and it continues to grow. In fact, it's grown the fastest and drive through an MLP. We think because menu visibility is clearly sparking trial with personal recommendations, which will accelerate in the new year and even larger unlock moving forward. Now, while beverage attach has trended down slightly through the quarter, which we continue to expect will happen as our transactions grow. Food attach actually grew. And we believe that trial is the start of routine. So we see this as a very encouraging development. And I guess the last thing I would say is that our innovation and our promotions are resonating with customers giving us optimism as we head into the holiday. Now we enjoyed strengthen new products like the impossible breakfast sandwich and also our new breakfast wraps, plus broken refreshers. And those are giving existing customers reasons to visit more frequently. And it's giving new customers reasons to visit. We're excited with the momentum we saw from our fall promotion. And so that gives us confidence that as we move into the month of November with our holiday promotion, we will sustain the momentum. So a variety of things related to the ticket growth that give us reason for optimism as we enter the New Year. But again, we expect that to moderate as we start to lap more material impacts of COVID in the back half of the year as our traffic continues to grow.
Pat Grismer: And David, just to build on what Roz said – Roz nailed it in terms of what the key drivers were that improvement from minus 11% in August to minus 4% in September. You may be wondering, if we hit minus 4% in September, why are we saying that we won't see full comparable store sales recovery for another six months, until the end of our second quarter, that is the end of March. And what I would highlight is that, the closer we get to full recovery, I would say the harder it becomes to recapture or recover, those remaining few percentages, because when you think back to where we were in the April May timeframe and how our business progressed across the summer, much of the improvement was attributable to reopening stores. And then as Roz mentioned, reopening seating and, alongside all the great operational improvements that our store managers and their teams have brought to life. Now we're at a point where we have to rely more heavily on some of the newer store innovations in relation to things like curbside pickup, or handheld POS at the drive-thru to improve productivity. So we can capture more of the demand that is there at our drive-thru. So we do expect more gradual improvement from this point forward. Just as our recovery today has not been linear, we don't think that it's going to necessarily be linear going forward, either. But what I will tell you is that the strong momentum that we enjoyed exiting September has continued into the month of October. So we're really pleased with how the first quarter of the new fiscal year is shaping up. But we do expect that the overall pace of progression as the sequential improvements will taper as we get closer and closer to full recovery. And we're very excited about how things are shaping up overall. Thanks, David.
Pat Grismer: And I would just add, Chris, from a China perspective, it is all the information is telling us it's about the digital footprint, and how we engage our customers and make the -- their ability to interact with Starbucks seamless, and frictionless. And so a real big focus on rewards and rewards members, we up level the program in June, our total rewards members grew 175% year-over-year in the quarter, we're now at $7.2 million members in China. Our 90-day assets grew to $13.5 million or up 34% year-over-year. And then what we're seeing, in addition to that is this translation into the mobile order and pay and mobile order and delivery aspect of the business. And that accounted for 26% of transactions in the quarter for China. And that is up versus the low single-digits prior to pre-COVID pandemic. So this digital footprint is something that we are investing heavily in China to continue to innovate, continue to rapidly deploy it, engage our customers, and then we've expanded it as well, we now sit across all of Alibaba’s platforms, as well as the WeChat platform for delivery. And as part of that we just introduced social gifting for delivery on the WeChat platform. So really building out that footprint in a big way. Starbucks now exists in 98% of our stores in China. And then the delivery program itself sits in 84% of our footprint in China, covering all our customers. So digital is a big piece. The other piece that's emerging is health and wellness. And we've launched the good campaign earlier this year, which is our plant based beverages, as well as food offerings. And in particular, we're seeing great success with oat milk, and the success that that's having. And you're seeing this thirst from our customers around healthy options for themselves. So the team is working hard to develop those. And then obviously, on the store piece, it's the third place environment, how do we continue to innovate around the third place environment, whether it is the now store, but then also how are our reserve store showing up? And how are we continuing to elevate that brand because a third place is still very, very relevant in China.
Pat Grismer: Thank you for the question. And as we thought about the evolution of our margins over the course of fiscal ‘21, we've taken into account several things. The first and I would say the most important is how we are rebuilding transactions across the year and how that provides us. The sales leverage that is we've earned here in recent months is so important to our ability to drive improved profitability of our business, we further break that down into, which channel it's coming through, and what the implications are, for average spend, and then how we see our mix, further shifting. So we have taken that into account, as we've thought through, this range of 16% to 17%, overall operating margin for the company for the entire fiscal year, recognizing that we will be below the bottom end of that range in the first half of the year, and then above the top end of that range in the latter half of the year. And that takes into account not only the progression of our sales recovery, but importantly, how we are rebuilding margin while continuing to make investments, that the investments are pretty substantial. Just as we invested heavily through the depths of the crisis, we have some pretty significant investments planned for fiscal ‘21, behind the things that really drive our business. So we're thinking about what is needed for the long-term to strengthen key points of competitive advantage to unlock future sales growth. And that starts with our partners. So we've planned substantial investments behind the enhanced partner wages and benefits. We've planned very substantial investments in technology in order to extend the strength and the growth of our digital platform and how that contributes to our business in ways that both John and Roz have articulated. And then finally, we're making incremental investments behind our bold ambitions and environmental sustainability. Those things tend to be, offsets to the sales leverage that we realize as we go as we re-grow our business. And then also, the ongoing efficiencies that we gain through operating productivity in our stores, as well as ongoing supply chain efficiencies. So it truly is a mix of sales growth, the composition of that growth in terms of how we see both ticket and transactions evolving over the course of the year and then taking into consideration the investments necessary to strengthen the brand for the long-term because we know those investments are important to maintain those key points of competitive advantage.
Pat Grismer: I think Kevin said it really well, in terms of the level of resilience that we've built into our business, which gives us the ability to manage much more effectively going forward. And we have seen examples already, just in the last couple of quarters, whether in Beijing, in Dalian in China or as well as in States like California, Texas, and Florida in the U.S., when each case we've been able to work with local authorities adjust their store operations as needed. And we found that the operational disruption of these second wave so to speak is less severe than the initial wave in terms of the depth of impact and its duration. Now, if in fact, we see a more significant impact goes beyond our ability to manage, as Kevin has described through our ability to dial up and dial back, then I would expect that there would be some margin compression, we will do our best as we did through the depths of the pandemic, to slow discretionary spending, where it makes sense to slow CapEx, where it makes sense, but we are absolutely committed to making the investments that we know are essential to our ability to strengthen our brand positioning, to strengthen our key points of competitive advantage, they're going to put us in the best position to unlock the full value of the Starbucks brand for the long-term. And we have the, the financial ability, we have the balance sheet, to continue to make those investments as we did, and ensure that for the long-term, we are the best position in the category.
Roz Brewer: Yes. Thanks, John. Good question. So concerning the number of store closures in the U.S., we remain pretty much in line with historical levels at -- and as you stated about 850 new stores 800 closures. What we've learned as we've gone through the COVID process, we are learning more about where our customers are returning to access their coffee. So we've accelerated the closures that we have planned for the U.S. stores. Part of this is also to learning what our new formats can offer us. And so you ask the question about our new formats, we are increasing the number of units that we have in the new format, for instance, it also includes new channels as well. So we have current sized stores at about 800 in the U.S. 2,000 of those by the end of ‘21. We’ve actually are working on restoring seating in our stores, we have roughly 65% of our stores with restore seating. And so as we move forward, we have opened three of the new units that we are – have in the New York area and one in Toronto areas. And we're accelerating that throughout this year. And adding more of those units as we go throughout the year, but we build your call -- pickup stores. And we will continue to deliver those as we go throughout the year.
Roz Brewer: Yes, and there's two things I'll do. First of all, in terms of returning transactions, back to our stores, there's four areas we're looking at, and I'll start there. First of all, looking at increasing the members in our loyalty program, we introduced the new stars for everyone program in mid September, and that is moving in the right direction, we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. Secondly, as we just talked about repositioning our store portfolio, to better meet our customers where they are today and more importantly, where they'll be in the future. So it's good for us now and good for the future work that we need to do for our customers. And then also enhancing our engagement of our partners and we know when our customers and our partners connect they experience and the best moments in our stores yield benefits for us. And then lastly, creating that leveraging a robust pipeline of beverage innovation, which we've seen in our fall outline of the pumpkin spice products, and that's going forward. In terms of the work that we're doing in terms of ticket. Ticket has been enhanced, we're looking at ticket at about $21 right now. And so, what's happening there is that during the time of the pandemic, we reduced our reliance on price and so we're just now reintroducing price that we're keeping price in the range of 1% to 2%. So we continue to see beverage in terms of the size of the beverage, so larger size beverages, multiple beverages and then food attached. And so ticket continues to be strong for us and we're projecting to hold back through the year.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So going into the fourth quarter, there were several things that helped us with our comp performance. One of those things is increasing the number of stores that we had open, expanding drive-thru performance and actually bringing efficiency to the drive-thru so that we had better out the window performance and putting practices and efficiencies and work into place in terms of labor deployment in those stores. In addition to that, we had great success with introducing our hot beverages around pumpkin spice and the coke, Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew product and then in addition to that, we also saw improvement as we advance our seating and return seating into our stores. We did recognize that our customers began to feel more comfortable coming out, we saw advancements happening in our metro suburban stores, which we already had drive-thru stores located in those areas, in addition to seeing more regular business coming from the morning, time to mid-morning, and having our baristas ready in the stores at those times. So as the customer was adjusting, we were adjusting along with them. And so the combination of our in-store efficiencies, labor deployment, new beverages, in addition to drive-thru effectiveness, we began to see improved comp performance in our stores exceeding fourth quarter.
Roz Brewer: So in terms of what we're seeing from customers and their coffee consumption, what we're seeing is that their routines are actually changing. And they're shifting their patterns based on this work from home, as you described. So we're seeing, our morning business shift to mid morning, we're seeing a shift from our weekday business to our weekends, we've had some extremely strong weekends. And so I think what we're seeing more so in terms of, more or less coffee consumption, it is their routines that are adjusting that. The other thing that we've seen, as Pat talked about earlier, is that we're seeing them by multiple beverages. So we do think that we are seeing them by maybe in group and for family, and for and also adding food to those orders. But in terms of coffee consumption, it's hard to say I do know, also two that are ready to drink business. And John might want to talk about that for a minute is also improving. So we are holding and retaining our customer throughout the day if they're at retail or if they're at a consumer.
Roz Brewer: The other area that we are monitoring very closely in terms of customer preferences is combining what we're learning about the customer with our brand equity work that we do. And it's in fuel -- it's really fueling our beverage innovation to give you an example, the work that we're doing around contributing to the recovery around beverages, if you look at that, we're growing in the cold space, just monitoring the sales rate of cold, and then optimizing the innovation in that area. So we're using the data to fuel our innovation for the future. We're also doing that as we look at new ways of managing our equipment. And so when you look at our new equipment that is coming online over this year is all AI enabled, that's also allowing us to learn more about maintenance in the stores and how we apply labor. So we are actually trying to use the data, on so many different fronts to actually improve comp performance, and monitor where the customer will be in the future.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So just to ground in a few data points there. You're right at the end of September, our 90-day active Starbucks reward members grew to about 19.3 million and that's up more than 10% as you stated. So what we're seeing in that is that, we are engaging our occasional customer. And that is something that we have not been able to do before we introduced stars for everyone. So what we're seeing right now is strong activation growth very early on with stars for everyone. We're really optimistic in the ability to gain significantly more members in fiscal 2021 of those 90-day active members. We’ll continue to innovate around the convenience and that loyalty piece and attract new customers and fueling growth in that area. One of the things that we're seeing is that whatever we introduce new down to the stores, we have a much broader audience to introduce that to so we're seeing quite a bit of pickup there. And we're encouraged by what we see. So we do expect those numbers to climb. And it is bolstered by stars for everyone.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So what you're seeing right now is an acceleration of plans that we had that -- we're planning to take place over the next three to five years. And what we're doing is accelerating our innovation, particularly around trade area transformation, to reposition our stores for growth. And so the new formats that you see coming to market, we're planning for our future growth. And so we're bringing on more productivity within these models. It will help us optimize sales, but actually expand our margin position. So you're seeing accelerated innovation right now we're moving a lot faster and bringing our innovation forward. And that was all based on future growth. So we're moving in that direction, just at a faster pace.
Roz Brewer: So, Andrew, in terms of what we're seeing as we reopen seating in our stores, we actually saw, first of all, a great need and demand for this, we immediately saw people working in our stores bringing their work into our cafes, and sitting for long periods of time, we had adjusted seating in all of our stores. So there's social distancing in the stores. We also have new cleaning protocols in the store so that when someone leaves the table, and a new customer comes in, they know that the table is clean. So the feedback that we're getting from our customers is that they feel safe and clean inside the Starbucks. So we're providing them safety, we're providing them familiarity, and then we're introducing them to our new beverage lineup. And so we're seeing great customer engagement right now as we open seating. In terms of regional activity that we're seeing, so in central business districts, likely unlike the New York financial district, where businesses have been open, as you can imagine, traffic is still slight in some of those stores. That's that 6% that you see that has not reopened. And then lastly, I would tell you that we are seeing movement towards purchasing your coffee stores near your home. So our metro suburban areas are doing well drive-thru are doing well. And actually seating in those metro suburban areas are doing extremely well. We're also seeing, just great customer engagement, even with people still coming through the drive-thru window, and taking advantage of the work that we're doing with curbside. So it's full engagement. And what we're really pleased about is that you can access coffee just about in any way that you feel safe. And that's the feedback that we are getting from our customers.
Kevin Johnson: I will ask Roz you add some color on the action that you think drove that and Pat and follow up on David second question.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, Chris, this is Kevin. Let me comment and I'll see if Roz and John want to add but. Clearly, right now, what the data is telling us and what we've optimized around our experiences that are safe, familiar and convenient. And clearly in the pandemic and part of this is our artificial intelligence tools are monitoring customer behavior and partner sentiment along with data that's fed to us on the spread of COVID to give us insight at a per store level. But the safe familiar and convenient is kind of the three terms that we would characterize globally that customers are looking for. And that's why number one, we've deployed these safety protocols consistently throughout our stores, we know how to if we can turn the dial up and open more seating or open other channels we do we have to turn the dial back in a market or near a store where the virus is spreading, we know how to do that and we know how to do that at a store level, community level. The convenient part is artificial intelligence tools and the data has shown us if we enable the channels of convenience, that Roz and John both described in the U.S. and China, whether it's drive-thru, mobile order for pickup, mobile or for delivery, curbside, we enable those channels and then we find ways to increase the throughput in those channels Roz mentioned increasing, the out the window time at drive-thru. A lot of that's been determined by we know if we add this handheld point of sale in a drive-thru line and we go out in the line we can speed up the ordering process which helps us then better serve customers. So the data is helping us understand where we have opportunities to – well, first of all, it helps us understand consumer behavior so that we can get the themes that we have to focus on. When we focus on specific areas of that customer experience that data is helping inform us where we're making progress and where we're unlocking new opportunities for comp growth. And we're doing that across certainly across the USA and China and then leveraging that to help us rest of world. Roz, maybe your job if you have other things you want to add. I'll give you an opportunity to comment.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thanks for the question. I'll kind of go back to some data we shared on the addressable market of coffee in our last investor conference. And if you recall, the projection was that the addressable market of coffee was going to be growing at roughly a 5% CAGR year-after-year and where I think there was probably a little bit of a blip back in March and April, during the period that where people were sheltering at home. I don't think that has slowed down the growth for the addressable market of coffee. So if the question is do we believe the market for coffee is going to is growing and going to continue to grow? The answer is yes. Then the second part is how are we doing on gaining share, I think is John Culver highlighted when you when you look at home coffee, clearly the data that we're getting from down the aisle is we are growing significant share in a rapidly growing market for at home coffee. And if you look at, we've tracked over the last several months where we've grown our same-store comparables in the U.S. on a sequential basis. And we track that we have regained some substantial portion of the share that that we probably gave back when we shut down all of our stores in April. So I think we are in a growing addressable market of coffee, I think we are in a share taking position, I think the investments that we are making for trade area transformation, and everything that we have done to tune the customer experience, the beverage innovation and our digital customer relationships, we are poised for ongoing share gains in a growing addressable market for coffee.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, and I'll just add that, certainly what we've done with stars for everyone in the investments, we're making a digital that's all about long-term, growth and relationships. That's why we launched stars for everyone. We're tracking the number of new app downloads each week. And we've seen that spike we track the number of new rewards customers, we sign up, we see in that go up, we track the number of inactive rewards that members that we convert to active rewards members. So that expanded customer reach digitally is going to be a huge asset, even I'll say post-COVID or post-vaccine. But the fact that we're focusing on customer experience, beverage innovation, in addition to digital is important for the following reason. People are craving, the opportunity to socialize right now. And they can't, everyone's being careful working from home schooling from home being cautious when they go out. So safe, familiar and convenient is important right now. But once there's a vaccine therapeutics that now allow people to feel more comfortable socializing, and being part of a community, we predict there's going to be a huge, huge demand for that third place experience again. That seating in those stores and people coming to enjoy their beverage and their food with others and socialize in our stores and be a part of the community once but this is down the road, when there's vaccine and therapeutics there's going to be, a huge, huge wave of demand for that. And so not only are we laying the foundation, with the digital relationships and taking care of our customers with safe, familiar, convenient, but we are also investing in ensuring that when that demand unfolds, that third place experience will be at the pinnacle of serving those customers who want to come and be a part of a community and socialize again, because that's what -- that's something that we all aspire for.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, just reinforce what Roz said, when we opened the cafe for limited seating, the response is immediate. And the impact on same-store comp is immediate. Customers are craving that and we do it in a safe way. And as long as we continue to stay true to our principles about prioritizing the health and well-being of our Starbucks partners and the customers we serve. And partnering with local health officials to help mitigate contain the spread of the virus, and showing up in a positive and responsible way and the communities we serve as long as we stay true to those principles, provide that great experience and do it in a safe way and continue to innovate with relevant new beverages, and expand digital. We are well positioned. And we know how to do this.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you, everyone. As we conclude the call today, I want to thank you all again for joining us. As always, we're committed to leading into the future and communicating with all of you transparently and communicating with all our stakeholders, transparency, balancing our company's purpose and profit, and keeping you informed of our aspirations and the progress along the way. To that end, we look forward to hosting you soon and talking about our path forward at our virtual December 9 Investor Day. And we hope you can all join us virtually for that. And we want to take this opportunity to wish you and your families a Happy Halloween and warm wishes for the holiday season ahead. And yes, holiday season is upon us. And next week, our peppermint mocha returns for its 18th year alongside an exciting holiday menu in our stores. So we hope to see you at Starbucks where we were going to create that safe, familiar and convenient experience for each of you in our stores or at the curbside or at the drive-thru window whatever fits your needs. And we hope to bring a little holiday spark to you and your loved ones in the weeks ahead. So thanks for joining us.
