Howard S. Schultz: Thank you for the question. You know, let me say that I think we've been very fortunate over the years to be able to create the kind of product and experience that provides our customers with a sense of community and an emotional attachment that I think, over time, despite the conditions in the marketplace and the economic pressures, have been very inviting for our customers. I say that because I think what we are experiencing to-date is something different. And before anyone rushes to judgment what I mean by that, let me explain it. I think we have a situation where you have a very uncertain election. You have domestic civil unrest with regard to race. And I think the issues around terror have created a level of anxiety. And so, we're no longer looking at just an economic downturn. There are a number of things that we are facing as citizens, and I think the direction of the country. And so, I think this is a multi-prong issue that almost every company and every consumer brand is facing as a result of what I've just described. As I said in my prepared remarks, though, we, at Starbucks, look at this not as an excuse but feel very strongly that what we offer our customers, the sense of community, the longing for human connection, a safe place, an affordable luxury and, obviously, the innovation that we have brought forth gives us the confidence that we will be the kind of company and the kind of brand that will demonstrate to our customers the aspirational connection. And I think also it's very – I know this is a long-winded answer, but it's important. So much of what we've been able to do over the years is linked to the equity of the brand which is linked to the experience. That experience comes to life with our people. The investments we continue to make with our people are as important as anything we are doing to overcome the challenge and the headwinds that I've just described. In addition to that, I think the social impact initiatives that we have brought forth over the last couple of years has created a level of trust and confidence in the brand, in the experience, I think, that demonstrates that our ability to navigate through this time and time again will give us the ability this time as well to put up the kind of numbers that Scott just described, and we will do everything we can to not only meet the guidance but, as we've done in the past, try and overachieve it. But no one should misinterpret or in any way look at the challenges that we and many, many other companies are facing as something that has been done before. This is quite unusual. It's unsettling. It's unnerving, and as a result of that, it requires an approach that is quite different than anything we've done before. But I must say that I'm confident that the team, the leadership, the field, the equity of the brand, the innovation, what Kevin has described in digital, all of these things, coupled with the offset of being able to create the kind of business in Asia, and specifically China, which gives us the ability to offset some of the concerns that are going on in the U.S. and create the kind of business in China that one day – and I've said this in the past – will be as large or larger than the U.S. And as a result of that, we won't be as dependent on the domestic relationship we currently have. You look at the China business today, the growth, the revenue, the equity of the brand, the experience – for those people who haven't seen it, it's quite something to see after 17 years what we've been able to do there, and we are just getting started. When that Shanghai Roastery opens, it's going to be something that is going to probably be as strong an experience as what Disney has done recently in Shanghai. That's a very long-winded answer, and the short response is I am confident with cautious optimism that we will continue to be able to deliver despite the challenges I've just described.
Howard S. Schultz: And let me add something qualitatively to that. Because of the degree of frequency that the average customer has to their core store, their home store, whether it's at work or at home, there is a relationship that is built between the barista, the manager, and the customer. And we know from our own research that anything that we can do that lowers attrition, that creates a relationship with our customers and the people who are proudly wearing the green apron, that performance that you've seen year in, year out, is directly related. So what we want to try and do is really get ahead of any federal or state mandate to be the employer of choice, whether we go back to the late 1980s with Bean Stock and healthcare, and what we've done in the last couple of years with college achievement, and now what we're doing now on wages, we want to try and do everything we can to share success, because we know that the brand of Starbucks is directly related to the experience in our stores and our brand, unlike almost any consumer brand or retail stores directly linked to the pride and the trust that our people have in the company.
Howard S. Schultz: I think it would not be responsible to comment on the first 21 days of the quarter with regard to where comps are, but I think those of you who have been covering the company all these years in our public life of 24 years, we do not have a habit of giving guidance that we don't believe we can achieve. So take it on face value that Scott said that comps are going to improve in the quarter, and we believe that's going to be true.
Howard S. Schultz: Let me add one other thing that I think is very important. If you think what the size and scale of the national footprint of Starbucks and the amount of stores we have, we've achieved something that is quite rare and unique, and that is we've achieved a level of ubiquity in terms of our scale and national footprint and, at the same time, without question, a premium position in the marketplace. That is as a result of a very disciplined and thoughtful view of how to build and maintain a premium brand. What we saw this past quarter and, for that matter, even beyond that, was given the challenges that exist in the marketplace that we've all seen and discussed, there is a tremendous amount of discounting and promotion going on in the market where people are buying business. We do not want to be in the business of buying business. We do not want to discount or dilute the integrity of the brand. We know who we are. We know what our core purpose is. And we've got to play the long game and have faith and confidence in what we stand for in terms of the experience, the quality of the coffee. What we keep talking about really internally is we want to take the equity of the brand and the position of Starbucks up. The premiumization of Starbucks is linked to the Roasteries and linked to this new format of stores that we are working on that you'll begin to see in calendar 2017 which is Starbucks Reserve which, in a way, is like a cousin in a smaller format of the Roastery. All of that will shine a halo on the brand, shine a halo on the experience, and we don't want to do anything that would dilute that halo by buying business or discounting, and we're not going to get in that game, despite the fact that so many other people are throwing that at us.
Matthew Ryan: Thank you, John, for the question. You're absolutely right. We do have an opportunity there. When we look over time, there are a lot of customers who are not aware of the benefits of the Rewards program. There are a lot of customers who have not joined it yet there. There are a lot of customers who don't know about Mobile Order & Pay and the tremendous benefits. We're very fortunate that we have that in front of us, so we're leaning in constantly. We've seen a lot more recruitment of members in our stores this year. You're going to continue to see that, and you're going to continue to see us lean in hard on Mobile Order & Pay, continuing to improve the experience and showing people just how good it can be.
Matthew Ryan: Thanks, Kevin. I think the one thing I would add here is there's a direct linkage between the changes we made in our Rewards program and our ability to launch personalization moving forward. As you know, the past program only rewarded frequency. We couldn't reward any other behavior but that. We now have the opportunity, both in e-mail, which we've just begun, and this quarter, in our app, to do suggested selling. So we will be suggesting and making personalized offers within the context of our app that will allow people to see things that are right for them. In the year to come, you'll see more of this in the context of ordering. So at the moment, when somebody is there, we'll be able to suggest items that are additional purchases and reward that with a currency that now rewards not only frequency but also spend. So connecting the dots there you can see how this will build on itself and give us leverage to drive the total customer sales.
Matthew Ryan: Matt Ryan here again. I that what I'd like to call attention to that what you're actually seeing are more personalized and relevant communications. So very late in the quarter, we turned on, what we call, one-to-one marketing. It's actually close to one-to-30, but we are getting down to the level of personalized rewards based upon what people actually will do and knowledge we have of that individual customer's behavior. Previously, we sent e-mails to very large segments of customers. Now, we're able to do it on a very targeted basis, and what that allows us to do is to be more efficient and more effective with our communications so that we don't have to peanut butter a broad discount. We can go in more selectively and offer just what's right to get the next incremental level of engagement with us.
Matthew Ryan: Sure. Matt Ryan again here. We are actively at work on that. As you know, we've announced a significant partnership with Chase and there's a core product that we are just trying to figure out when to place on the calendar right now. We're not going to exactly commit to a date because we want to give it the right opportunity to launch across the next year. We're very excited about that, because when Kevin talked about the leveragability of a spend-based program as opposed to a frequency-based program, it allows us to do these kinds of things like award people for everyday spend. And right now it's simply a matter of execution and when we can get it on the calendar and give it the justice that it deserves from a timing perspective.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah. This is Kevin, David, and then I'll hand it over to Cliff to give you some more background. I think we have not reached some level of saturation on how much we can grow Food. I think we've seen very good growth of our breakfast sandwich lineup. We're seeing increased attach of Food. I think if you look at each daypart, there are opportunities in every daypart for us to do more around Food, and I think we recognize that as one of our seven core strategies for growth and the work that we're doing, both in R&D and innovation and testing things in stores and markets, I think continues to present an opportunity. We did see Food contribute one point of comp growth this quarter. I think in prior quarter I think it was at two points of comp growth. So we're still seeing good comp growth coming from Food, and there's more we can do there. Cliff, I'll let you add some more to that.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah. And then, David, in terms of your question on better leverage of the Rewards program and the digital flywheel, I'll give you three dimensions in which I think we have an opportunity to better leverage that asset. Number one is continued geographic deployment. We talked about what we did this last quarter in Japan and China as examples, and the more we take the Rewards program and the mobile app on our digital flywheel to other geographies, that's one way to leverage. The second is growing the number of customers that we have in the Rewards program, and Matt Ryan highlighted that as a big opportunity, and that's one piece of it. And then the third is the way that we deepen the engagement with the existing customers in the Rewards program, and that's done through a combination of the work we're doing around personalization, and it's also done through the work we're doing to incent things like a trial of Mobile Order & Pay. I think we've got some number of customers that have tried Mobile Order & Pay. And statistically, when we look at – once a customer tries Mobile Order & Pay once, it's a very sticky feature. Once they try it once, they start using it regularly. The vast majority of them do. So those are three dimensions. And I'm going to hand over to Matt Ryan to talk a little bit more about the personalization work we're doing, but those are three dimensions that we are going to use to leverage that asset. And, Matt, to you on personalization.
Kevin R. Johnson: Yeah, Matthew, one correction I want to add to your comp bridge that you just went through. There was also one point from the refreshment platform. There's one point from Teavana and one point from the refreshment platform. And so, if you add that up and you look inside, there was also then the negative point for blended, and that's how you get the bridge.
Clifford Burrows - Group President: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. And, David, it's great to see the strength and the continued growth on breakfast sandwiches, and that morning daypart just continues to get stronger and stronger. The opportunity is to provide choice, variety and a competitive approach around lunch and later dayparts. And we've started our journey, and if I remember back rolling out breakfast sandwiches I think took us several years, and the growth we've seen since we've brought in the baked goods at La Boulange and the enhancements to the quality and the choice of breakfast sandwiches gives me every confidence that we will continue on this journey, 20% of our sales now coming from Food, it's a great opportunity for the future, and we're working hard on it.
Clifford Burrows - Group President: Yeah, Joe, it's Cliff. I think one of the things just to share, change is always difficult for both partners and customers. The frequency we have people coming into our stores and the relationship between the barista and the customer is absolutely key to our business. So we invested in a lot of fronts in making our partners ready for the change. The good news is we transferred and changed over the program virtually overnight. It was a very, very seamless transition. Functionality is great and growing, and the personalization just gives me so much confidence for the future. The opportunity now for us is to grow the awareness of the program with the existing customers about the benefits and personalization will really help with that. And then continue to grow the number of members in the program, and I think Mobile Order & Pay ties nicely into that. And as Kevin – I'm sorry, as Howard outlined earlier, the year-on-year growth on active members at 18%, taking us to 12.3 million, just gives us great confidence for the future.
Clifford Burrows - Group President: Yeah, let me just talk, Karen, about a real opportunity that exists playing off or drafting off the work we've done at the Roastery here in Seattle, and that is an opportunity to elevate coffee to a new level within our stores. And that is showing up as a Reserve bar. And we've started to deploy Reserve bars and we will continue to grow that, and it will be a significant opportunity for us to elevate the handcrafted, the artisanal nature of the barista, and you'll start to see that showing up across the country. And that will introduce new beverages which are at a premium, and it will give customers an opportunity to try some of the incredible coffees that are roasted in our Roasteries, in our Roastery here in Seattle.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks, John. It's Scott. I think the first thing I would say is the vast majority of that investment that we announced recently was already in our initial plans for 2017. And both those investments and any other investments that we choose to do as we move into next year, we'll talk about during the next earnings call, but I want to make sure both the performance this quarter, the guidance next quarter, the investments we're making, there is no wavering in our commitment to deliver at least 15% EPS growth every year, and that is true for 2017. So we'll get into more specifics, but as comp growth reaccelerates, as we take a look at additional investments, as we lap over investments that we make this year, the sum of all of that will be at least 15% earnings growth.
Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks, Jason. This is Scott. What we said in the past is the significant investment started in 2014. They ramped in 2015, and we increased them again in 2016. And I think that, as we look ahead to 2017 and we start to put together our plan, I think there will be another significant level of investment in our partners in particular. We announced some of those recently. They're vital to driving the right level of retention, the right level of customer execution, as Howard talked about. So I think looking forward to 2017, you can see – I can see another significant amount of investments and also on the digital front. So as you look at the things that Matt talked about, the ability to drive personalization, we see an additional opportunity there. So I don't think we're in the early innings, but it will probably continue for a number of years as we continue to drive digital innovation and we continue to drive the right level of investments in stores and partners. But what I think is important is that doesn't have any impact on our long-term guidance of at least 15% earnings growth, 10% profit growth, and as a result, margin expansion. I just think we're investing more of that margin into our core partner and digital investments.
Scott Harlan Maw: On the fourth quarter Channel Development margin, it will be the highest quarter again for us this year, and it will expand over last year's Channel Development margin and expand over this quarter's margin. There's a lot of good things, as Mike talked about, that will impact that quarter. And what I would say to the second part of your question, Nicole, is we continue to forecast, as we move through time, margin expansion in Channel Development. It won't be 710 basis points very many quarters. This was unusual and excellent, but we do expect channel operating income to grow faster than revenue growth, and that will drive margin expansion as we move into 2017.
Scott Harlan Maw: And what I would add to that, Matt, is Kevin's comp numbers include pricing for those categories. So on your broader pricing question, the first thing I want to make sure you realize is, as we take price, we look at very carefully using our elasticity models, as you know, we look at it by product, we look at it by geography, and we're very careful to be sensitive to significant changes to customer impact. We're really cognizant of that. And as we've done that over the years, including this year and the most recent pricing changes that we just made, we are not seeing any change in customer attrition. So that's not happening. And then to your core question. As you know over the last few years, we've had one point to two points of price in our comps every quarter. This quarter, in the third quarter, will fall into that one point to two point price range, and the fourth quarter will fall into that one point to two point price range. So there's no acceleration of comp pricing in the guidance that I gave.
Scott Harlan Maw: I'll start and then if Matt wants to add. From a product standpoint, the first thing that's going to happen is blended sales will rebound. We obviously don't anticipate another negative 1% comp from blended. In addition, as we look at the Summer 2 platform that Kevin talked about with things like Iced Coconut Milk Macchiato and Mocha Macchiato and the early results from that are quite encouraging. We've got a number of things on the product lineup, Card, Nitro Cold Brew, as well as acceleration of some of the features within Mobile Order & Pay. So later this quarter, we'll get favorites of stores which will make it easier for people in New York and other dense areas to select and save favorite stores, favorite orders, makes it easier to save favorite orders. And when we look at broadly our innovation pipeline, digital product, things that we're doing in the stores with things like Nitro, marketing, there's just a significant amount of momentum already, and then that we have planned as we look forward. And as we get into 2017, the second part of your question, and Matt touched on this, we will further refine our personalization capability to have suggested selling one-to-one as you're building your order with relevant products based upon what you've ordered in the past, daypart, your preferences. So all of that is stacked up, and that's what makes us think we can get to 5% at least as we get into Q4 and try to accelerate as we go into 2017.
