Cliff Burrows: Keith, thank you for your comments about our ticket growth. Perhaps if you like, ticket growth in the quarter we have seen 2% come from food, we have seen 1% from tea, we have seen strength from our base business whether it’s Frappuccino in the Sunbelt, or as you say Flat White all of which helped our ticket in the quarter, plus our routine and disciplined approach to price in the quarter all have helped. Starting the future, I will pass it over to -- 
Cliff Burrows: Let me just talk about this. I think one of the things that we are seeing is convenience, improved relationship between the customer and their store where they order, they feel much more in control of it. Food attach is strong in it, and the repeat nature of these transactions is really really helping. It is convenient for the customer, they have no queue time, they come in and go straight to that handout pan and collecting that in turn is bringing up space and taking stress away from the register transaction and we are seeing really encouraging signs of growth peak in our busier stores, which is what is most exciting here. Of those busier stores, we cannot really talk about the Seattle, but where we have put in mobile order and pay we are seeing really strong growth at peak and there has been no additional equipment over and above putting in a printer and receive orders from customers, and it’s really encouraging that we will be able to get more capacity at peak at our existing stores with the addition of mobile order and pay. 
Cliff Burrows: Thanks, Jeff, and I'll take both the questions. This is Cliff. As we said earlier in the script, we have seen growth in the Americas in all dayparts, all geographies, and across all platforms. It really was a very balanced portfolio. And we are seeing growth at peak times in our busiest stores, which really gives us the encouragement that we are -- we still have room for capacity. And mobile order and pay will only help that in the coming months. Secondly, around store growth, this quarter, as we said, was a bit of an anomaly with the closure of the 132 licensed stores in Canada. So that will distort the number a little bit this year. But I think over the coming years, you will see us continue a balance between company-operated and licensed stores. There may be times where it goes up or down, one way or the other. But in terms of strategy, we continue to look for opportunities to grow both our company-operated, and even here in the US, we still see a very healthy pipeline of new opportunities. And we open very soon our first small footprint store in New York, which gives us another opportunity for growth. And as Howard said earlier, with the premium nature of the -- building off the Roastery, we have again another opportunity for growth. So, we see the pipeline out into the future being very healthy, balanced between company-operated and licensed.
Kevin Johnson: The only thing I would add, Keith, is that ticket mix was blended nicely across the three drivers that Cliff is talking about. So little bit of price, a little bit of above level of premiumization with Flat White and some of the things that we are doing with food and a nice increase in attach. So the mix of that is really helping and so as I said in my comments, I think we are quite excited about how the rest of the year looks but we are still holding to our mid single digit comp guidance as we look forward. 
Kevin Johnson: Yes, in terms of opportunities for us to better leverage technology, early observation I think we are ahead of the industry in thought leadership around the digital customer experience and we’re going to keep pushing the envelope on that. I think we’ve outlined that for you and there is more ideas even behind that. The area that I think we have opportunity certainly is with our in-store partners on leveraging technology to help our in-store partners with the tasks they have to do that are more about the administrative side of things like inventory management, making it easier for them to do scheduling of our store partners, communicating with our store partners the way we reach in-store partners with training and communications. We’ve got tremendous opportunity to step up our game in that particular area and we’re going to do more there. And then certainly if you look at how we are utilizing information across the enterprise to make more informed and better decisions, whether it’s using data, big data kinds of analytics to help us with store location or big data analytics to help us understand how to do a better job of promoting to our customers at different times of the year. I think those are the big opportunities that we see and we’re going to continue to drive forward with those.
Kevin Johnson: First of all, the ecosystem you are referring to is the mobile commerce platform which includes loyalty, the mobile app, our card program, our POSs in our store, we’ve integrated all of those together, and it’s actually that entire mobile commerce platform or ecosystem as you heard earlier is accelerating. We are seeing unbelievable numbers of active MSR members, mobile user, will keep the transactions. So it’s into that momentum that we’ve launched mobile order and pay. So this is not a bolt-on, this gets to leverage that existing ecosystem. And I think that’s why frankly our customers are loving it. They don’t have to download a new app, they don’t have to learn something new, this is just seamless for the customers just like additional department. 
Kevin Johnson: Well, I think as Adam commented earlier, we have seen increase in MSR, with new MSR customers coming to use mobile order and pay. And granted, we're just in the Pacific Northwest right now, so it's still early days. But I think that's a fantastic example of a feature that is a customer-focused feature. It's all about that benefit to the customer, and the consumer. And we think offering those types of benefits and those types of features is part of our mobile app, it will bring more people into the MSR program.
Scott Maw: On the COGS point, the short answer is yes. We expect continued leverage. I don’t expect it to be as high as it was this quarter, this was a really good quarter with some of the initiatives that we talked about kicking in and also in crisp business significant continued traction around wage. But we see that leverage continuing in the quarter and we’ve got a number of things stacked up against making sure that happens. And then on G&A, the biggest driver of that at the corporate level is some true-ups that we had around total compensation. 
Scott Maw: We didn’t break it out, Joe but as always China is obviously the biggest contributor to that growth. So we were really happy with what we saw in China this quarter. 
Scott Maw: Thanks, Nicole. So as it relates to ‘15, what you have to remember is that coffee prices throughout 2014 were quite low. So for a long time, they were in the $1.20 and $1.30 range. And so 2015 coffee prices, despite the fact that we were patient and waited out all the spikes above $1.90 and bought it far below average market prices, our coffee is actually a little bit unfavorable year over year. But that's much more about how low 2014 was and -- than it is around 2015. We actually did a really good job buying below the market. So a little bit of unfavorability, and a very little bit, offset by favorability in dairy and diesel. That's kind of how the year is shaping up. When we gave guidance all the way back in the summer, we expected coffee prices to come down, just given what we saw in the market. We didn't know they were going to come down, but we expected that. We waited, and we were patient; and when they came into our target range, we filled up our needs for the year. So that's how to think about ’15, roughly flat, a little bit unfavorable on coffee, a little bit favorable on dairy. On ‘16, because we did so well in ‘15, despite the fact that we've locked at slightly lower prices, again, that favorability while meaningful it is probably not as high as you might calculate based upon average market prices. So we'll give you more update. We still have a full third of our coffee to price. We will give you a bit more update as we move into ‘16 and become more specific.
Mike Conway: Yes, Joe, this is Mike Conway. So we currently distribute the Frappuccino product and China today although is in a more limited geographical presence than we would have. From a timing perspective we’re going to be transitioning in 2016 to Tingyi and we expect that with strength of their distribution and their knowledge of the marketplace combined with our strong brand that we will significantly a lot of the growth for China. 
Mike Conway: Yes, absolutely. So you also – Joe mentioned about tea, and yes we will over time be launching tea as well with the Tingyi distribution. We will from a channel to distribution perspective points of distribution they have well over 100,000 points of distribution within China, and for channel development for this quarter, actually very pleased with our results, our 16% growth was quite exceptional and was driven by a number of factors for us. First of all, very very strong programming in-store execution as well as the success of – and launch of innovations like our new iced K-Cup platform and as we think about the remainder of the year we have other innovations coming on as well including the launch of iced or rather our Coco K-Cups as well and so we expect very strong performance in the back half although expect it’d be more in line with our historical growth of around 10%. 
Mike Conway: Well, thank you. This is Mike Conway. We see channel A specific as being one of our most important markets going forward. Certainly with the partnership we have with Tingyi, China will be a big market for us, particularly driven by the size of the ready-to-drink energy and coffee business. And we also -- Japan is one of our longest-standing ready-to-drink markets. While it is somewhat mature, at the same time there's a lot of growth for us there, particularly with the move that we made now fully owning the Japan market. Beyond that, there are a number of the emerging markets that we're really focused on. We still have fairly emerging business within our Latin America region. And we're looking at markets like Brazil to establish a presence there, another big market for us. And then we have an established relationship in Arla but we have probably the largest number of markets – I am sorry, in Europe -- we have the largest number of markets in the EMEA, and we are going to continue to drive our business there as well. But the UK, France -- those are some of our largest markets. So as I think about the significant growth that we have for ready-to-drink coffee, we are really looking at the CAP region as well as Latin America.
Howard Schultz: Mike, you want to just spend a little bit more time on channel development since we haven’t had an opportunity. And also with regard to tea being talked about how many points of distribution it has.
Howard Schultz: Thank you. From a pricing perspective we actually are quite pleased with the way we were able to balance our base with promotional pricing, you combine that with the strong in-store merchandising that we had, we were able to achieve significant share growth across all of our businesses during the quarter. And so we will continue to monitor the market, continue to monitor pricing and make appropriate shifts but at the moment we are quite pleased with how our pricing is lining up in the marketplace and then in particular how we are driving share in the market. 
Howard Schultz: John, this is Howard. Cliff is going to take that in terms of the details of the question. I think it’s fair to say that we did not intend nor do we foresee adding equipment as a result of mobile order and pay. The incrementality that we are seeing in the early stages strongly suggests that we are going to be able to integrate this well within the engine of Starbucks, with regard to labor, and how we are deploying, I will let Cliff take it. But I would say as Adam shared with you that these early signs of mobile order and pay, this is going to be a much more seamless integration than we really anticipated both in terms of customer response and level of convenience and also I wouldn’t underestimate one other thing which we learned with Flat White and then as our people are so excited and so proud of this initiative and this technology, they’ve embraced it, they are enthused about it, and as a result of that, it’s one of the primary reasons why it’s working so well. 
Howard Schultz: And could you or Kevin, just talk about how this has been integrated into the ecosystem with regard – this is not a bolt-on.
Howard Schultz: Let me just add a few things to that. For those of you who have followed the company for many years, it wasn't that long ago that our stores closed early in the evening, 7, 8 o'clock at night. And most of our business, 15% or so was driven before 10, 11 AM. In the last few years, I think Cliff and his team have done a wonderful job of two primary things. One, dealing with peaks times and being able to drive throughput in a way that would not create a transaction driven environment but really honor the customer and now with mobile order and pay that’s going to leverage it more but the big news in the last couple of years is identifying dayparts and need states through unique products in which we could leverage the fixed asset of the store. So lunch, as an example, is driving a significant level of visits and incrementality both in traffic and in ticket. The new opportunity with smoothies in terms of health and wellness, identifying that need state and leveraging that daypart opportunity, which is mostly refreshment in the afternoon in health and wellness. And the one thing we have not talked about, either in the script or the Q&A, is the advancement of evenings, which we're very excited about. And so all these things have given us the ability to integrate new product, new levels of innovation, and identify need states and dayparts that five years ago, candidly, were not part of the unit average volume. If you looked at the average volume of Starbucks both in terms of mature stores and probably most importantly, new stores, we are experiencing the best performing new store class in our history. And one of the primary reasons is what I've just described. Then you leverage MSR and mobile order and pay on that, and your imagination can really -- I can't begin to think about how much volume we can put through these stores. And I think we're just getting started with a level of innovation we think that food team can create. And so that's why we're so excited about the future in terms of the opportunity to drive incrementality in existing and new stores.
