Jeff Hansberry: Thank you. So in terms of Evolution Fresh and Teavana entering Starbucks stores, as we’ve talked before, this is a critical element to our blueprint for growth strategy. And so from an Evolution Fresh standpoint, we have already started moving the Evolution Fresh brand into Starbucks stores, and in fact now we’re in over 2,400 Starbucks stores, primarily in the western U.S.  And as our new juicery comes online, that will give us additional capacity to begin to move east in this year. So we’ll continue to expand Evolution into Starbucks stores, and also into the natural and premium grocery segment as that brand continues to expand. We’ve had great results so far. With regard to Teavana, we’re less than four weeks into the integration, but we have said all along that Teavana beverages will play a role in Starbucks stores. We’ll come back with more details in the coming quarter, as we develop that plan. But Teavana will play in Starbucks over time. 
Jeff Hansberry: With regard to channel development, as you noted, we grew at 13% in the first quarter. We continue to see positive growth ahead of retail average in channel development. Our packaged coffee business overall, when you look at premium single cup, as well as roast and ground, we’re seeing significant growth in the quarter from an IRI standpoint. From a food service standpoint, less so. We’re still growing faster than the food service segment, which is a material piece of our business. But that segment continues to grow more slowly than the balance of the category. 
Jeff Hansberry: Well, we’re continuing to see a lot of competition in the marketplace, but we think we are well-positioned to continue to grow our share and our business.
Jeff Hansberry: With regard to channel development growth of 13% in Q1, while we don’t offer specific guidance on individual businesses, we expect that channel development will continue to grow at a rate faster than our average retail growth. Importantly, we have a number of initiatives that we’re working against, and building. Everything from Evolution Fresh to our continued expansion of K-cups, to new flavors and SKUs in the VIA lineup. And importantly, we will continue to invest and grow and build over time the business that’s in its very nascent stage that is Verismo.
Jeff Hansberry: Exactly. In that first, our sales during our very first holiday, with a brand new to the world platform, were well in line with our expectations. And importantly, we started with a very curated small set of stores. So a select set of specialty retailers and a select set of Starbucks retail stores.  And for us, we are not only encouraged by the customer response, but also the trade traction that has been created by a number of retailers who want to play on the platform, which we have not made available to them as yet. So there are really three things that are going to be growth drivers for Verismo as we step forward. First, and importantly, the innovation itself. It’s the first and only machine that does brewed coffee, espresso, and lattes. And that message got through to customers during the holiday. And secondly, as we add innovation to the system, whether it’s through additional coffees, additional espressos, additional Starbucks latte and seasonal favorite beverages, as well as tea, that will add to increase the interest in the platform. And then finally, from a machine standpoint, we have a pipeline, to Howard’s point, multi years of machine innovation, that adds new features, new styles, new functionality, to a whole series of machines that we will be introducing.  So again, and importantly, this is just the very first step in what will be a multiyear growth driver, significant growth driver, in the channel business and for Starbucks overall. 
Troy Alstead: I think the one last thing I’d add, John, is the key theme here is that these acquisitions and both product platforms absolutely offer us opportunity to raise drink across multiple channels and hand-crafted, and is something that in the right sequence of brand development and integration and roll out of these products, you will see us pursue those opportunities, and it’s part of what gives us confidence in our ability over multiple quarters and multiple years to continue to drive strong same-store sales growth for our system.
Troy Alstead: And Dave, to your question about the Starbucks card, there was a 25% increase in Starbucks card value loaded in the first quarter over the prior year. What’s critical about that is that clearly is a very strong level by itself, significantly outpaces the growth in the overall business, and is exactly a harbinger for that future growth as those values loaded not only introduce new customers onto the platform but deepen the loyalty, create that frequency opportunity as we move through the balance of this year and into the future.
Troy Alstead: David, I appreciate your confidence in our ability to drive profit as we go forward. I would say that 40 basis points of improvement in the first quarter, and yes, that was net of some unusual pressures in this quarter. We believe that the guidance we have, which that 100 basis point improvement for the full year corresponds to the 15-20% earnings growth that we’ve targeted, and that I believe we’re right on track for.  So I think with the investments we’re making to drive the business, continued investments across our new growth platforms of La Boulange, of Verismo, of Evolution Fresh, while we are delivering quarterly earnings just as we did in Q1, we continue to lay that foundation for growth next year and the year after.  And it’s been that equation that this works so well for us and that we intend to navigate as we go through the rest of the year. So I think the guidance we have is remarkable in this environment and feel very confident in our ability to deliver against it as we approach Q2 and onward. 
Troy Alstead: Sure. The marketing spend in this first quarter was a little higher than 4% of sales, which for Starbucks and our history is extremely high, perhaps among the highest we’ve ever recorded in any one particular quarter. And as we talked about, I think, dating all the way back to July when we first [announced] our initial guidance, that’s really primarily driven in this quarter by the launch of the Verismo platform and our investment against that, knowing that’s a multiyear platform and proposition for us, and we wanted to set it off on the right foot. As we progress through the balance of the year, I don’t expect marketing spend as a percentage in any quarters to be at that same level as higher than 4%. So I expect it will be in the 3.5% to 4% range as we progress through the second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. Fairly consistent throughout the year as we approach introducing the customer and providing those messages to first Blonde and then other product platforms as we go throughout the year.
Troy Alstead: To your question about share repurchases, we’re fortunate that the very strong cash flow of our business enables us to have the dividend, and we’ve accelerated that dividend, as you know, each year since we’ve initiated it.  And also, share repurchases. We repurchased 8 million shares in the quarter. Our repurchase program is very valuation and conservatively valuation based. So our repurchases in any particular quarter are very opportunistic, based both on, again, what we see in the market and the valuation.  And also, from time to time, where and when we as a company might be blacked out of the market, and that is frequent given various activities going on. So in any particular quarter, our share repurchase activity will be somewhat lumpy, again just based on those factors.  I would say our priority spend of cash for the balance of the year, and really every year, continues to be first and foremost investing back into the business. That’s in our partners, in capital expenditures, in new stores and remodels. Of course, funding the dividend over time. And then based on those metrics and principles I outlined, share repurchases.  So I don’t have a prediction for you of whether that Q1 8 million shares is something that we’d repeat each quarter or not. That, again, will tend to vary quarter to quarter. 
Troy Alstead: Let me hand it over to Cliff to speak about the comp drivers, and I think he’ll also be able to speak to cost of goods and leverage a bit. In advance of that, I would just make the one comment that the large majority of those unusual expenses that I spoke about in the quarter, the leadership conference which we are known about, and then a couple of events that we had not know about until we got into the quarter, things like Superstorm Sandy and some of the unusual litigation expenses I mentioned, were predominantly focused in the Americas P&L.  Absent those anomalies and those unusual cost pressures in the quarter, we would have been on more of our common pace of very significant and meaningful margin expansion in the quarter. 
Troy Alstead: And then Sarah, back to, specifically, your question about cost of goods, the largest impact of commodity favorability as you know comes in our channel development business. So within the Americas segment, that commodity benefit in the quarter was about 30 basis points or so to OI, perhaps a little bit higher. And so just roughly 30 basis points of benefit from commodities, total cost of goods and I can see leverage improve by about 50 basis points. I hope that gives you some context. We actually did see exactly the kind of leverage we would expect, both from commodity benefits on that cost of goods line, and then also leverage on the fixed costs from growing sales.
