Kevin Johnson: Yes. Jeffrey, this is Kevin. I’ll take your questions. First of all, I’ll start with your second question, China. I think as we see a resurgence of cases, similar to what we’ve seen in Beijing, that causes a little bit of – that’s what’s caused a little bit of the delay by a quarter in China. Not significantly, it’s about, I’d say, four or five weeks and now Beijing is back on a positive trajectory. But because it was such a large market, I think that’s what’s slowed it down. But it has nothing to do, in my opinion, with the – anything related to the economic. It was more – it’s more just as a resurgence happens in a large market like that that we – when it happens like that, we’re able to sort of turn the dial back slightly on the range of customers’ experiences we serve through to the principles that we outlined and we help support government and local health officials as they contain the spread of the virus. They successfully have done that Beijing. And so then we start turning the dial backup and opening up those customer experiences. And I think that’s a very positive thing because I think as a company, we’ve now taken this playbook that was developed in China and adapted for the U.S. and we basically have embedded it into our store protocols and our operating procedures. So that in 32 stores around the world, if there happens to be a flare-up in a certain city or a certain portion of a market, the stores in that market has the agility to basically turn the dial down if they need to or turn it back up if things are recovering. And that puts us in a position of confidence in how we can continue to navigate the global pandemic as it evolves. And so that was the contributing factor in China. In terms of recession, I’ll leave the predictions of economic growth to the economists. But what we’ve seen is continued demand for Starbucks. In fact, you look at what we’ve outlined. The number one thing we can do to continue to grow our same-store comps and the recovery is basically increase the throughput in the channels that are safe, familiar and convenient. And that’s why, for example, we’re deploying these handheld point-of-sales. I don’t know how many of you have seen a drive-thru, Starbucks drive-thru. There is typically cars lined up and often times out into the street. So where we deploy this handheld point-of-sale, we can now have a Starbucks partner out there taking orders walking through that line of cars, which is going to dramatically increase the throughput at drive-thru. Similar, enabling curbside will open up more customer occasions for us to continue to drive more transactions into our stores. And so I think based on what we’re seeing in terms of the demand and by being able to increase throughput in those channels that are viewed as safe and convenient by our customers, that’s going to help us on the recovery curve. In terms of should recession – recessionary period start to hit, I think we’ve differentiated ourselves. We’ve got lots of points of presence. We’re serving customers. I think the brand is strong. Our digital reach is strong. And I think we’re well positioned to navigate anything that might come our way.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, David. Thanks for your question or your comments and for your question. Why don’t I let Roz describe sort of the initiatives we have focused on that morning daypart, and then I’ll sort of punctuate a couple of things. So Roz, let me hand it over to you.
Kevin Johnson: Thank you, Roz. I think you hit the right thing, the digital customer relationships. Just keep in mind, we just added 3 million new digital customers that registered for the rewards program and being able to communicate with them personally. And then as Roz said, the work they’ve done on increasing throughput at drive-thru and watching curbside, that just opens up new channels. So that’s spot on. Thank you, Roz.
Kevin Johnson: Yes, John. Happy to answer your question. We do expect margins will improve gradually as we move through the fourth quarter and into next year. But in the next couple of quarters, we do expect margins will continue to lag prior year. And although the margin impacts of partner benefits and inventory reserves are expected to subside considerably in Q4, the leading driver of margin pressure will be continuing to deleverage a fixed costs, such as occupancy and depreciation expense as we work to restore sales. So it’s largely a function of the speed with which we can recover sales and then how we manage some incremental cost to our business, because we do expect to see certain costs persist due to our new way of operating, that includes cleaning supplies and the associated labor. But it is premature to say whether those costs will drive a structural change to our operating margin as we continue to innovate our operating systems and technology to improve throughput and drive efficiencies. We also expect a margin tailwind from the transformation of our U.S. urban market strategy as that is rolled out and includes the repositioning of some existing assets, and that will help to offset any new incremental costs. And we also expect margin benefits from ongoing efforts to renegotiate operating leases. So we do expect to see a combination of margin headwinds and tailwinds, but far away the biggest driver of the margin recovery will be the sales recovery. We do expect that there will be a lag between sales recovery and margin recovery as we continue to refine our ability to operate differently in the new environment.
Kevin Johnson: Yes. Jon, let me comment then Roz I’ll let you add anything, I think, look, we’ve always been really clear that the three things that we focus on that really drive our growth is; number one, the customer experience. That’s the experience in our stores and these different channels we’re talking about. Number two is extending that experience in our store to digital customer relations – relationships. And number three is primarily beverage innovation. We’re beverage first company and then we attach food. And so I think that same formula works whether you work from home or you work from work. I do think what is the focus right now until there’s a vaccine, we just realized that we’ve got to focus on those experiences that customers optimize around whether they’re working from home or not, which are safe, familiar and convenient. And so our beverage innovation is going to continue to focus on all the great things we’ve been doing around our cold beverage lineup, with cold foam, coffee forward beverages, our refreshers, all of that is going to continue to move forward. And I don’t necessarily see that as being a driver of the fact that people work from home or we have curbside. We’re going to continue to innovate in ways that are relevant to our customers independent of the channel by which they buy from us. I do think, as Roz pointed out, we’re seeing larger ticket. And I think part of that is a function of people work from home. They make a Starbucks run and they buy for the whole family or they’re buying more group sort of orders. They’re attaching more food. And I think that bodes well for the innovation that we’ve been driving and announcing around our plant-based offerings. Plant-based is becoming a very popular whether it’s plant-based milks or the Impossible breakfast sandwich that we launched in the U.S., the Beyond Meat offerings that we put on the menu in Canada and China. And so our innovation agenda is going to continue to drive around the things that we know are relevant to our customers, things that inspire our partners and stay true to handcrafted beverages, that’s what differentiates us. And I think we’re going to maintain a focus on those things. Roz, I’ll let – if there’s anything else you want to add or – and then Pat who got some comments too. So let’s go to Roz.
Kevin Johnson: Let me just thank all of you for joining us today. My hope is that through this discussion we’ve been able to give you a sense of the confidence we have in our ability to navigate this global pandemic. Our recovery strategy is working. And we’re accelerating the strategic initiatives that further differentiate Starbucks for the future. We’re doing this in a way that is true to our mission and our values, and we’re on the front foot right now. But also acknowledging that like everyone else in this world, we’ve got to monitor and adapt and be agile. But I’m very proud of my Starbucks partners and how they’ve responded. And I just want to take an opportunity to thank all of you, our stakeholders, for your support and we look forward to the continued dialog. So thanks everybody.
Pat Grismer: Jeffrey, this is Pat. One thing I would say to build on what Kevin has said is that if you compare Starbucks today to where we were during the last economic recession. Today, we have an industry-leading digital platform and a rewards program that didn’t exist back in 2008, 2009. And that’s an important part of competitive advantage and gives us more resilience today compared to 10 years ago.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Thank you, Sara. So in relation to Q3, compared to the expectations we had when we filed our 8-K on June 10, you’re absolutely right. We saw a much better flow through, more profit performance than we did improvement in sales. We did see stronger than expected sales recovery across the month, but the profit improvement was outsized in relation to the sales recovery, as you highlighted. And that’s primarily due to the fact that as we have increasing the better visibility to the shape of our sales recovery curve, our operators are in a much stronger position to manage with much greater efficiency labor deployment and the inventory. And so as a consequence, we saw much better profitability than we had anticipated. I would also highlight in particular the performance of our Japan business because they had a rather strong improvement in sales. And because they are a company-owned market, we saw that – saw with that a significant improvement in profit for the month of June compared to our original expectations. In relation to Q4, I think it’s fair to say that our outlook is pretty comparable to what we had forecasted as of that June 10 8-K. We have narrowed the range for the U.S. business and for the Americas generally because we have more visibility to our results for the quarter as we’re nearly one month into our fourth quarter. At the same time, we have much better visibility to our ability to manage the middle of the P&L. And so we feel very comfortable with the ranges that we’ve given for EPS as well. In relation to next year, you asked about fiscal 2021, and I’ve provided in my prepared remarks a very preliminary perspective on the shape of our sales recovery curve, noting that our margin recovery would likely lag sales recovery by a couple of quarters. The fact is that it’s very early to predict what next year is going to look like. But based on the experience we’ve gained to-date, based on how well we know our brand and how consumers are responding to our brand, based on the strength of our rewards program and our digital platform, we are building operating plans for next year that presume the levels of sales and profit recovery that I mentioned. So it is on that basis that we’ve provided preliminary perspective, and we’ll continue to keep investors updated as we go. Looking forward to providing more refined perspective with our Q4 earnings call, by which time, we will have developed our operating plans for fiscal 2021. Thank you.
Pat Grismer: And then, John, just to pick up on some additional aspects of our margin outlook. It’s important to bear in mind that as we do innovate new channels of distribution at our stores, for example, curbside delivery or as we anticipate the longer term growth of third-party delivery, those channels require incremental costs, but they are necessary in order to capture the incremental sales. So those would be a couple of examples where we see growth that may be margin percentage dilutive, but dollar profit accretive. And so to Roz’s point, the team continues to work through ways that we can improve operating efficiency in the store to help offset some of these incremental investments, to accommodate an evolution in the overall shape of our business.
Pat Grismer: And just to build on what Roz just said in relation to our fiscal 2020 spend, to Roz’s point, the level of spend in Q3 was markedly higher as a percentage of revenue than Q2, in part due to some of the deferral of our marketing activity. We do anticipate that our level of overall marketing spend in Q4 as a percentage of revenue will be pretty comparable to our full year rate. We are not anticipating that that overall level of spend will diminish going forward. But I would highlight that as a concept, our advertising spend has historically been pretty low because of the strength of our brand and the amount of marketing that we attract.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Brian, thanks for your question. As I said in my prepared remarks, our preliminary perspective on fiscal 2021 presumes that there will be no major second wave or no major macroeconomic dislocation. It’s nearly impossible to predict whether and when those might happen. Based on what we know today, based on how we see our business is recovering, we anticipate and we are developing an operating plan around the assumption that our U.S. business fully recover sales, meaning back to pre-COVID-19 levels by the end of the second fiscal quarter, and that would be end of March. We’re expecting China will fully recover about one quarter sooner. And then as I mentioned, we’re anticipating margin recovery will lag sales recovery by about two quarters. So it’s a very preliminary perspective. Just to share with the investment community how we’re thinking about the shape of next year, I’m not being able to predict whether and when some other events might happen. We have to get on with our business. We have to prepare operating plans and focus our teams on continuing to deliver results. We’re pleased overall with the progress we’ve seen to-date. We still have a long ways to go to get back to full recovery. But we’re optimistic based on the strength of our brand and the strategies and the initiatives that we have to drive sales and to improve margins.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Thank you, Roz. I’d like to highlight specifically how our Channel Development business has benefited from work from home and how the team is looking at opportunities to capitalize on that. The volume we were seeing in at-home coffee remained at elevated levels across the quarter. Starbucks outperformed the category. We gained share. And our core strategies for at-home coffee are generally the same, but we are looking at opportunities to sustain the momentum that we gained as consumers adjusted their at-home routines. For example, we’re focusing on accelerating e-commerce based on the shift in shopping patterns and meeting consumers’ evolving needs. We’re also looking at premiumizing the category, expanding consumption and driving loyalty through our Channel Development business as well. Thanks.
Pat Grismer: And Chris, in relation to your question regarding the government stimulus program benefits. The lion’s share of our investment in Q3 was around catastrophe pay, a form of partner support and care. And that’s where the government stimulus program benefits kicked in on helping to offset a portion of that. So for Q4, since we have effectively sunsetted our catastrophe pay, we’re not anticipating significant expense in Q4. And as a result, we would not anticipate significant government stimulus program benefits by way of payroll tax credits.
Roz Brewer: Thanks, Kevin. Thanks, David for the question. First of all, morning daypart, as you well described is important to us. We have seen a shift in the customer in terms of how they view their morning. And we’re seeing a shift to mid-morning around that 9:30 timeframe and then another pickup in the afternoon, around 2:00 PM. And because we’ve created so many tools, a decision-driven tool that we’ve designed specifically for labor planning, we’ve shifted our labor to those timeframes, understanding what has shifted in the customers’ patterns and their routines. In addition, we’re also seeing that in some of our really dense workplaces, for instance, downtown areas where we have stores where there is more work from home in those geographies, those have been slower to recover. And so we’re watching those carefully. But those are also the areas, those dense areas that we are bringing in our new trade area transformation work, we’re realigning the network of stores to increase what we are seeing in terms of revenue in that trade area and optimizing the profitability. So those dense areas are being transformed by the new network of stores. Additionally, I’ll tell you that we are doing the work to reach a broader level of customer base with the new design in our loyalty program. And so you may have heard the announcement around our new pay-as-you-go plan. That will allow us to expand payment options and ways to earn stars. And this we believe will provide meaningful impact on our business results overall. Also, helping us understand the activity of the customer as we reward the loyalty and delivering personalized offers to the expanded customer base. So starting this fall in U.S. and Canada, you’ll be able to download the Starbucks App and sign-up for Starbucks Rewards. You’ll be able to pay with a credit or debit card, cash or select a mobile wallet to earn the stars without having to pre-load a Starbucks card within the app. And so customers can link those card payments to the PayPal account. And we believe these are the kinds of initiatives that will make a difference as we try to regain the most important parts of our business and watch what happens as the transition from work from home returns back to work from office, and we’ll be watching the customer patterns very carefully and adjusting. We’re really comfortable that we now have so many different channels to our business. Adding drive-thrus out in those metro suburban areas near where people are working from home, it’s our highest concentration of drive-thru units. And so we feel like this new agility and resilience that we’ve built into the business will allow us to look at that morning daypart, adjust to the transitions we’re seeing in mid-morning early afternoon and then bring in a new customer base, additional customer base with the new rewards program.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So Sharon, first of all, the current Starbucks Rewards members, they will continue to enjoy all the benefits of the current program, current loyalty program and usage of the app. And then those members can choose to keep paying with their pre-loaded Starbucks card to earn two stars per $1. And they now have the option to earn one star per $1 spent when you pay with a credit or debit card, cash or select mobile wallet. So that is – so it serves two purposes. One, to expand the funnel on the customer base. But we actually believe it will get even deeper penetration with our Starbucks Rewards members as well. So it will do both of those things. We are rolling this out in U.S. and in Canada. So this program is just to North America at this time, and there is a different program that we use in China.
Roz Brewer: Yes. So first of all, John, what we’re doing to prepare for labor in the stores is critical for us. As you can imagine, labor being for any retailers are greatest expense. And so being very efficient in terms of how we manage those labor hours in addition to the productivity. And so we have productivity tools in the store that help us manage when labor hours are needed. We’re watching things as simple as infectious rates. And so when those rates rise in certain areas, we will adjust the hours in those stores, we’ll know that we have partners available to work and we will apply them to the store. And so we do have methods in place to make sure that we’re managing just as efficiently as possible in these uncertain times. So we have that work ongoing. We’ve also – you’ve likely heard earlier, probably four to six weeks ago where we made an adjustment in our stores around partners who wanted to return to the stores and those who decided that they wanted to work elsewhere and find a new career. And so we’ve adjusted appropriately. However, we continue to run hours based on store and demand in that area, and we’ve created our own decision tools to decide what that looks like. So we continue to work that like we’ve done in the past with a lot more visibility over what’s needed to fulfill the demand in those stores.
Roz Brewer: Pat, I’d also like add that we are also working, as we’ve talked about before, to look at equipment efficiencies in our stores. And so the Mastrena 2 is at 4,000 stores as we speak. And so we continue to look at equipment and all operations behind the bar as well.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Andrew, thanks for the question. So we were in test of about 250 stores, really pleased with what we saw in those stores with curbside, which encouraged us to accelerate, and we will be in close to 1,000 stores in short order here. So we continue to push curbside. The interesting thing about curbside for us is that it is tech-enabled. So you can access a curbside from the app where it is available currently. And so we’re continuing to roll that out. And so we expect to continue to see what we saw in that 250 store test trial that we’ve been running just prior to COVID. So this is an acceleration of a plan that we’ve already had. And so we look forward to curbside to give our customers just one more contactless opportunity and our partners a chance to deliver the best customer service to our customers.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So Matt, to your first question about daypart, one of the things that we’re seeing also as it shift to later morning and another pickup in the afternoon is we’re seeing expanded ticket. So we are seeing group ordering where we believe we’re seeing larger beverage size and additional beverage and food attached. And so we talked about that increase being 25% of what we’ve seen in our ticket expansion. So we are seeing that. To the rest of your question around marketing, we’ve continued marketing. In the very beginning, we ceased marketing because we had so many stores that were in transition from cafe to drive-thru. We reignited marketing. You’ve seen it in our work with our Happy Hour, our Double-Star Days and then the initiation of our summer time beverages, and then the discussion around our plant-based menu. You will see us coming into the fall with excitement around our work with Pumpkin Spice Latte. You’ll see us market for holiday beverage plans. And then the work that we plan to do to market, the new loyalty program. And the new loyalty program again is another way for us to have a new customer base attached to an app that we can speak to frequently and bring them into the store and increase frequency. So we have marketing plan for the remaining of the year and throughout fiscal year 2021.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Let me start off. First of all, Chris, your question around curbside and what would we expect in terms of upside there. It’s encouraging what we saw in our trial base. So – and we know that contactless experience for our customer is more present than ever. So we believe in this new channel for us. But it’s really too early for us to tell what the real benefit will be. But we’ll come back to you as this thing grows. We’ll let you know how that’s working for us. In terms of capacity and what we think could help, for instance, our drive-thru. This new handheld, that capacity that we are creating, allows us to do what a lot of retailers call busting the line actually. And so we’re able to get out of the store, get out in that line, put an order and in a queue much faster and get those out-the-window times down and get the beverage and food items to the customer much quicker. We’re also doing work that handheld will enable if you wanted to just – if the line began to get long, if you are picking up and trying to walk into the stores. So between handheld and curbside, we feel like we’re going to be able to deliver a different customer service and it will unlock and enable some efficiencies that we need and speed. And so we’re looking at those two as key drivers.
