Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you for the question. Let me start with the answer here. Our brand in China is known as Shing Baka and it uplifts the everyday for millions of customers in China. And as Rachel said, our business is also strong, 5% comp in Q4. If you look at the first half of the year versus the second half of the year, the growth difference in the second half was 20% higher than the first. One thing you should know is that if adjust the morning daypart, the morning daypart for our business in China now is higher than it was pre-COVID. We have very strong local innovation. And to answer your question, if you look at the transactions that Rachel mentioned, we're very comfortable with the food and beverage transactions. And what we see there, including the price realization that we have, the ticket that you mentioned specifically points to merchandise, and what we had in the store, which we are still working through. But we feel very good about the competitive position of beverages, the competitive position of food. We feel very good about the cash returns of the stores that we are opening. They're very strong. The team has done a wonderful job in ensuring that the cost of builds are low, with the productivity that we have been able to accomplish in our stores. We feel good about the overall returns that we are getting there. And I'm heartened by the -- by how the business is coming together despite all the headwinds that have been there for the last couple of years.
Laxman Narasimhan: If I could just add to this. Growth is clearly a real enabler of leverage, and you'll see that reflected in the various lines in our P&L. Additionally, we see efficiency opportunities. And later this afternoon, we're going to detail out a $3 billion savings program and efficiency over three years, with a big portion of that coming from outside the store in the supply chain, in particular, and you'll see that a portion of that is certainly coming out in our top line. And so, this gives us the real confidence as we look ahead around the kind of efficiency that we have, that gives us the ability to invest in the business and at the same time, deliver the progressive margin expansion that Rachel talked about.
Laxman Narasimhan: If I can just add one thing to it. I think what has happened over the last several years is how much this business has evolved in order to meet the customer where it's at. And I think you're seeing that as well in traffic, in transactions, but also in what we're doing in purpose-defined stores, and later this afternoon, we're going to talk a bit about how we're going to lean in even further around how we meet customers where they are at.
Laxman Narasimhan: Let me start and then Rachel can add to it. One of the things that the team has worked on incredibly on over the last year or so is putting in place a much stronger operating foundation in the stores. And I'm very proud of the progress that they are making. And that includes how we deal with the processes in the drive-thrus. You're seeing real improvement in terms of out of the window of time in the drive-thru. The team has put operating practices across these various formats. And I feel very good about the progress that they are making in that area. I think in terms of the automation or the equipment that we have also brought into the store, that has also been a driver of some of the changes that we have seen. I think just ahead of the summer, we were able to get in the portable cold foam blender into stores, which really helped our partners deal with the growth in volume on beverages in the summer. So, a combination of operating practices, the equipment that we are putting in place, all of that adds to much stronger operational foundation in our store, and we expect that to continue.
Laxman Narasimhan: John, if I could take that on. Thank you for your question. We have more opportunities than what we have realized, but we make very good progress. If you look at staffing and scheduling and how we are working on that, I think we've made material progress in that area. And I think as a consequence of that, you've seen attrition levels now lower than where they were pre-COVID. You see tenures of partners in the store increase. And that's going to continue. I think if you just look at what we've been able to achieve with the investments that we've made in our partners with wages and other benefits that have been provided to them. If you take a look at the take-home income, on average for our partners on a year-over-year basis, it's up 20% on average. Now there's still more to come. If you go back to 2020 and you look at where we are right now, the number is about close to 50% higher, but we still have further opportunities. And I think what that's going to help us, it's going to help us at peak times. It's going to help us in the speak 15 minutes that you talked about. But also as we look at demand overall and we look at the portfolio of stores we run and how we work with digital with those, you're going to see a stock later this afternoon around how we find ways to simplify what happens in the store and also meet a broader set of demand with very careful choices about how we locate stores, what we do with stores, how we digitally amplify what we are doing in terms of demand. But also, in supply, how we link that with the equipment we're bringing in with a strong operating foundation. So, there's more opportunity than what we have now.
Laxman Narasimhan: I'm very pleased with the way that the reinvention plan is implemented. A couple highlights I think the progress we've made on staffing and scheduling is extremely strong. Furthermore, if you look at what we've been able to accomplished with regard to efficiencies and the culture and the capability and the processes we now have in place in order to systematically attack these efficiencies across the business is actually very strong as well.  What we are accelerating on top of that is how we think about purpose-defined stores and what we're doing in putting together a strong operating foundation in our stores. That is going to really help us as we create the infrastructure, we create the store footprint, against which we will add to the equipment that we have in stores. Our equipment pipeline, what we have, the way we manage our new equipment, what's coming in, that entire pipeline and portfolio management is entirely on track. And we feel very good about the progress we are making there. And I think that is something that we're going to continue to see going forward.
Laxman Narasimhan: I want to thank you all for joining us this morning. I want to appreciate all your questions, and I look forward to seeing you all this afternoon when we have our strategic update, and when we get to celebrate our holiday launch with you. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Rachel Ruggeri: Thank you for the question. The way I'd look at the comp guidance is as we look at a very strong fiscal year 2023, and as we move into FY '24, our comp guidance of 5% to 7% on the global comp guidance range as well as for North America, we believe, reflects both a healthy as well as achievable comp guidance that supports not only the strength that we've seen and the momentum, but it supports the confidence we have in the business. I think what's important to think about is we've been talking about a more balanced approach to how we drive our earnings growth. And so, when we look at comp, it's part of a broader growth narrative. Where we look at comp, we're looking at the performance of our new stores and the performance of our licensed stores. And collectively, that's supporting the revenue growth range that I provided. That, coupled with progressive margin expansion, gives us a balanced approach to achieving the 15% to 20% earnings growth guidance, which we believe is attractive but also reflects the confidence that we have in the business and the momentum that we're seeing.
Rachel Ruggeri: David, I would start with saying our guidance on margin for next year is progressive margin expansion. And remember, on a full-year basis -- even with the strength we saw in Q4, on a full-year basis, we achieved 100 basis points of margin expansion, which we're incredibly pleased with. In the quarter, in Q4, we saw very strong margin expansion, particularly in North America, the 420 basis points that we spoke about, that as the benefits of the reinvention have begun to amplify. And so, we expected that would amplify in the back half of the year, and that's what happened. And so, when you look at the drivers of that 420 basis points, the largest driver of it, around 340 basis points or so, is leverage we saw in our store operating expense. And that's really driven by, what I'd say, is the sustained operational efficiencies from our reinvention. So, the investments we made are fueling growth, investments in our partners, in wages, in training, in our new store and equipment, and that's leading to a more stable environment overall, which is supporting that leverage. It's allowing us to be more efficient in how we serve the customer. So that's the biggest driver in the quarter. Next is sales leverage, followed by a strategic pricing. And that sales leverage really comes from the fact that in Q4, our fall launch resonated with customers, and we saw record demand really across the globe, but largely in our U.S. business, and that also fueled the margin expansion. And then that all helped to offset the investments we've made, including investments in G&A, investment in partner wages, as well as investment in G&A. Now when we look to FY '24, we will expect some of that momentum to continue. But I would say it's more important to look on a full-year basis, and we'll continue to see margin expand more in line with what we saw on the full-year basis. But again, continued margin expansion. And it's that combination of strength in our revenue, but also strength in our reinvention, which is delivering very tangible financial results.
Rachel Ruggeri: Lauren, I'll start by just saying, overall, our traffic continues to be strong and it's growing. So, when you look at the success of our performance in the quarter, particularly in the U.S., our highest-ever average weekly sales were driven by a combination of strength in traffic but also strength in overall ticket. And we saw a record number of customers coming into our stores and spending a record amount. Now those customers are both our rewards customers as well as our non-Starbucks Rewards customers. So, we're seeing growth in our customer base across the segments. And that's driving strong performance as each customer is spending more. And I think what's unique about our business, particularly over the past couple of years is we've evolved and adapted towards our changing consumer demands. And so, we're seeing total transactions growing overall, both in our comp stores, in our new stores as well as our licensed stores. And importantly, we're seeing units per transaction significantly higher. And that's driven by the growth we're seeing in drive-through as well as delivery, which has a higher attach rate or more group orders. And that's all leading to the stronger performance that we saw in the quarter and will fuel the momentum as we go forward. And in terms of traffic, when I think about FY '24, the comp guidance range that we provided includes continuing improvement in our traffic. So, our transactions per store per day improved this quarter versus last quarter and the year before. And we'll expect that improvement to continue in FY '24, as well as we'll continue to expect an improvement in ticket as we very purposely innovate around customization, more premium beverages as well as ensure we're able to continue to drive attach. And the combination of that will support our double-digit revenue growth that I guided to.
Rachel Ruggeri: The only thing I would add to that, Sharon, is that's all part of our reinvention. So, it's all about finding ways to be able to optimize the production environment so we can better support our partners in serving our customers. And to Laxman's point, we've seen tangible benefits in the quarter and actually throughout the year has driven improvements in our out-the-window time. We measure what good looks like, and we've made great improvements and there's more opportunity ahead. And that's helping us to not only more efficiently serve the customers, but it's what's leading to the margin expansion as well as the earnings growth that we're seeing. And we'll continue to further those, what I'd say, areas of focus in FY '24, specifically on staffing and scheduling as we continue to work on ensuring we have the right hours for our partners at their periods of preferences, which will create another level of stability in our store environment and greater engagement overall that will, again, help us in terms of the efficiency in serving our customers. So, we expect that momentum to continue.
Rachel Ruggeri: Brian, thank you for the question. Our CapEx will increase to around approximately $3 billion, and the majority of that, over 85%, will be focused on new store growth, increase in renovations. So, we're significantly increasing our renovations to about -- in the U.S., about 1,000 renovations next year. So, an increase in new stores globally, renovations, as well as equipment in the stores. But the larger percentage of it is really the new store growth globally as well as the renovation. The new equipment is equipment that we've spoken about, the rollout of further rollout of Negedice, for the rollout of Clover Vertica, some continuing work around refreshment and dispense. So, some of those opportunities around creating broader efficiencies to be able to create operational consistency across the stores. Then outside of that 85%, we'll be seeing supply chain modernization costs as well as some costs in China supporting an innovation and technology center. And so that's largely how the costs are made up. What we're encouraged by that is those tend to have very high return, they're very high growth-oriented investments. So, we expect to see improvement in our return on invested capital, much like what we saw this year where we achieved nearly 25% on our ROIC, given the very disciplined approach we took to investments last year. And we see this year as we increase our capital, our ability to continue to further that by making very disciplined choices in these high-return, growth-oriented investments.
