Brady Brewer: Thank you, Howard. I know I speak for so many when I say thank you for your relentless pursuit of elevating the Starbucks customer and partner experience. Your leadership to our reinvention has us well positioned to continue advancing towards our biggest aspirations with Laxman and our strengthened leadership team. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm incredibly proud of our strong Q1 performance across all markets. Today, I'll focus on what we saw in the U.S. this quarter. In addition to the strong customer demand for Starbucks overall, our results benefited from last year's strategic pricing actions and increased food attached with record sales for both Sous Vide Egg Bites and breakfast sandwiches. Our product portfolio and innovations continue to resonate with customers, especially our cold, customized beverage innovation. Beverage sales increased 13%, led by our strength in the espresso category, with featured holiday beverages like the Caramel Brulée Latte and sugar cookie almond milk latte contributing to growth. Customized beverages continue to be a differentiator with customers all year long. Modifier sales were up 28% year-over-year in our U.S. company-operated stores, showing that customers are visiting Starbucks for beverages customized to their preferences that they cannot find anywhere else. The strength and relevance of the Starbucks brand continued to accelerate this holiday season as we surpassed, as Howard said, 30 million active Starbucks Rewards members, we drove record-breaking mobile order usage at 27% of transactions in the U.S. company-operated stores, and we reached an all-time high in the population of our weekly total active customer base. We also saw more than $3.3 billion loaded on Starbucks cards in the U.S., exceeding last year's record results and setting a new record. In fact, our gifting business was so strong that the unit sales of Starbucks Cards were greater than the next four brands of gift cards combined. This not only drives new Starbucks Rewards registrations, but it also drives our business in Q2 as evidenced by the high 56% Starbucks Reward tender that we saw in our U.S. company-operated stores at the end of the quarter. Said another way, during the holiday season, Starbucks truly becomes the currency of kindness and it drives our business. At the heart of Starbucks is uplifting human connection. This is a core part of our reinvention, and we accelerated our reinvention investments in the quarter, driving continued improvement in our industry-leading partner retention. We're also committed to elevating the customer experience. And within the quarter, we launched our first Starbucks rewards -- Reward Together partnership with Delta Airlines, which offers members of both Delta SkyMiles and Starbucks Rewards, new ways to earn rewards. On December 8, we also launched the Starbucks Rewards Odyssey experience in beta to select members. Odyssey members have been invited to partake in multiple Odyssey journeys driving increased engagement and loyalty from our members and now ownership in their loyalty experience. We also announced the national expansion of our partnership with DoorDash, which alongside Uber Eats also provides us the ability to serve customers in a convenient way and enjoy Starbucks wherever they are. And we announced changes to our Starbucks Rewards redemption tiers, which not only supports critical program growth and discount efficiencies, but it also allows us to add increasing value relevant to our members by making popular items like cold coffee, more attainable, the changes that our members have praised. Finally, we're furthering the value delivered to our SR members by bringing them coffeehouse culture and content through a new series in the Starbucks app called the Starbucks Daily, which will launch with [indiscernible] this month. In short, Starbucks is an incredibly strong brand and one that is poised for growth. I'll now turn it over to Rachel.
Brady Brewer: Yes. As we think about weathering a recession in the U.S., it really comes down to two words for us, and that is momentum and innovation. And I'd say that when I say momentum, it's about relevance and resilience. And as we think about relevance, if we look at the last quarter, we have more customers in total population than ever in the U.S. They're very highly engaged. If we look at share of wallet and spend, 56% of our transactions were from our reward members. And just as Belinda said, in China, our U.S. customers see Starbucks as their first choice for coffee with leading affinities. So from a brand standpoint, we're in a very strong position. When we look at resilience, last quarter, we saw not only ticket growth but transaction growth, even in the face of the macroeconomic headwinds. So in terms of momentum, we see that carrying into the quarter ahead and the year ahead. And then I'd say innovation, as I mentioned, so product, we see continued strength in our future innovation road map and our existing strategy around cold, customized and plant-based beverages, and it comes down to beverages that customers love that they truly can only find at Starbucks. And that was true throughout the pandemic, and it's true right now. With digital, our digital platforms have been very sticky with customers. And we're just making those better as you look at things like Odyssey and Reward together. And then earlier in the presentation, Rachel shared about equipment, it's just making the job more efficient for our partners, unlocking even greater quality and more customization. So if you take that momentum and that innovation, it just reinforces that we're a very strong brand right now, looking ahead, despite any economic headwinds, we're still poised for growth.
Brady Brewer: Great. Yes. Thank you very much, Lauren. I appreciate the question. We do see continued opportunity. If we just look at this past year, our SR membership base grew 15% in the U.S. and globally, we're seeing significant growth across our different markets as well. So we see not only that, but it's about 56% of transactions in the quarter. So we see a lot of headroom and relevance for the program. Part of that was accelerated with our launch and starts for everyone a couple of years ago when we lowered the barrier and complexity to enter the program. And we've seen that be a continued contributor over the last couple of years since we launched it. So that takes us to the more than 30 million members we have today. It's not only 15% growth over a year, 6% growth in that membership in the U.S. just quarter-over-quarter. So we see lots of reasons to be optimistic about the opportunity, and we're seeing that prove out in the numbers. In terms of the changes that we just made. Within Starbucks Rewards, we really look at that program as offering two things, both product and experiential benefits. And so we're really looking at both sides of the equation. The experiential benefits that you've seen us out of the quarter were things like reward together, the Starbucks Odyssey program and other special events, whether it's the opening of the Empire State Building and offering members the first chance to go and see a store like that. So we really try and add experiential benefits to the program to make people feel genuinely valued for being their Starbucks customer. On the product side, what you've heard are changes related to our reward redemption tiers. And the purpose of that is a couple of things. From an economic perspective, the redemption tiers and the changes we're making there better align the cost of product redemptions to our current pricing. And by making that change, it will create discount efficiency, which helps us to continue to grow the program while effectively managing margins. So that's the two dimensions we look at it on. We see just lots of opportunity left. We have an incredible road map ahead. So we're just going to keep driving the program and I think our customers will have a lot to celebrate in the years ahead.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Let me start with that. Thanks, Jeffrey for the question. In response to your question around traffic, our 10% comp, as you know, was largely driven by ticket. Our transactions, transactions per store per day, which is how we measure the health of our business are still below pre-COVID levels and actually slightly below prior-year. But what's important is we saw our traffic, TSDs as well as our units and overall ticket grow in our highest demand period. So our morning daypart and our midday, which is up till about 1'o clock saw a year-over-year increase of both transactions and units as well as ticket. In addition to that, those dayparts are also in line with 2019 levels. So why that gives us encouragement is our reinvention plan is squarely rooted at creating capacity in our busiest dayparts. So as we start to move along our reinvention plan, it's going to help us increase that capacity while creating a better experience for our partners and our customers. So that gives us a lot of confidence that our growth objectives and our ambitions for this year and beyond are well suited.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Thanks, Sara. In terms of the question around Q1 and what drove our business outside of the headwinds in China. So if you took headwinds out, to your point, we would have been above expectations. It's a combination of things. It's stronger performance in our U.S. business, which is inclusive of our U.S. license. So our U.S. company operated as well as our U.S. license. It's also growth across our international markets. So excluding China, we had tremendous growth across our markets, which really speaks to the diversity of the depth and diversity of our portfolio. We also had tremendous growth in our channels business. In addition to that, we saw some favorability in terms of foreign exchange, smaller, but that was also a combination. So it was all of those factors together, that would have given us a stronger Q1 than what we had originally expected. Now when you think about that as it pertains to the balance of the year, we're able to reaffirm our guidance because even though we're seeing headwinds in China, and we continue to believe we'll have strong momentum across the other businesses. You can imagine there are a lot of other factors at play continuing inflationary pressures, economic challenges. So the combination of all of that gives us confidence that reaffirming our guidance is right given the position we're in today.
Rachel Ruggeri: And just to answer your other question, Sara, last year, we had expected China to be about 25% of the total company operating income, which is generally where it landed, we'll expect maybe closer to 50% based on what we know today.
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. What I'd say, Andrew, is that we do expect to have margin expansion in China, and that will be driven by the recovery as well as the growth we're seeing beyond recovery. But in terms of a margin expectation, we would expect margin to actually be different than what we saw in 2019 as you see the growth in digital. Just to give you an example, in 2019, digital was about 10% of overall sales in the market. It's now closer to 50%. So that has a different margin structure to it. We know it leads to more overall dollars in overall volume, but it does change the margin structure. But despite that, when you take China and where we're expecting from a recovery standpoint, both this year and beyond, that leads us to the solid margin expansion we're talking about for total company this year as well as the progressive margin expansion that we spoke about at Investor Day. So it will be one part of the whole collective that will allow us to have that expansion over the long-term.
Rachel Ruggeri: Yes. Thanks, Jon. So in terms of incremental pricing, our comp and our revenue in North America right now, largely in our U.S. business is benefiting from pricing that was taken in back half of last year. So we're benefiting from the annualization of that pricing. As we comp that this year, we'll start to see our pricing levels normalize more to historical level ranges than what we had seen previously. And typically, our pricing had been taken in line with inflationary pressures. So given that we're seeing inflation, we're still seeing inflation elevated relative to prior years below FY '22, but we're starting to see it soften slightly. So we don't have expectations that we'll have to further that pricing increase. And instead, what we'll see is, we'll start to see pricing normalize to more historical levels by the back half of the year.
Rachel Ruggeri: The one thing I would add, just to finalize your question is that the Siren system is expected to be more of a '24, '25 implementation rollout. So we'll start to see the returns there, which are part of what drove our growth ambitions over the longer-term is supported by further equipment rollout in terms of that level of efficiency and productivity.
Rachel Ruggeri: And if I would just add, we continue to believe that channel development will be a mid-40s margin business, which is really strong, and that's what helps us in terms of being able to reaffirm our guidance on a full-year basis.
Howard Schultz: Rachel, I wonder if Michael can just give us a little bit more color on how strong the international was across the board.
Howard Schultz: David, thank you. Belinda is on the call, and she's sitting, I believe, in Shanghai, and I think she'd be best suited to answer your question regarding China recovery, the situation that she's seeing on the ground. So Belinda, can you respond to that first. And then Brady will talk about the brand.
Howard Schultz: I would just add one thing that I think we both said in our prepared remarks, but I think it's worth repeating. At a time when people are generally trading down, and there's a lot of discounting going on, we had the highest average ticket, I believe, in our history in the month of December. And so we don't see ourselves in a situation where we need to discount heavily, and we don't see a situation where our customers are trading down. And I think the strategic advantage we have, which we talked about in the last call is customization and how our customers are creating their own proprietary beverage and that adds to the ticket and obviously adds to the value perception that customers believe they're getting at Starbucks.
Howard Schultz: Again, I'll yield to Belinda. But before I do, I think between myself and Rachel, we've been very clear that we want to take a very conservative view, especially in the near-term. In the back half of the year is where we see the return to some level of normalcy. Listen, we don't have line of sight, and I don't think anyone does on how quick things are going to respond. We just have pattern recognition for many other markets. And also, Belinda has shared with us, and we've seen the numbers of what's happened to the run-up and during Chinese New Year, which was quite robust. And so I think, John, I think we're going to be very careful, very sensitive. We are going to be on the ground in China and see for ourselves in the next month or two. And we have been very directly involved with our Chinese team trying to support them, but they've been under a lot of pressure. We just don't know. So Belinda, I think you should just give your color and what you believe is going to happen from your perspective.
Howard Schultz: Someone told me a week ago, this was my 108th not consecutive, but earnings conference call. I don't know if that's an award or not. But as many people on the phone that I've learned -- I've known many, many years, thank you for your friendship and support of Starbucks. This past year has been a gift for me. And I leave, I think, with the company, with the win that it's back with his tremendous leadership team. And Laxman, I'm thrilled that you're here. So thank you all very, very much. Really appreciate the opportunity, and thank you again for your friendship and support. Thank you.
Belinda Wong: Yes. Thank you, Howard. Hi, thank you for the question. Starbucks brand relevance remains as strong as ever, and we're best positioned to capture the growth opportunities ahead. Our latest brand tracker shows Starbucks remains Chinese customers' first choice in the away-from-home coffee category. Also, Starbucks is the brand leader in terms of brand affinity, visitation and frequency. And despite all the COVID disruptions we faced in Q1, our customer connection score also reached another record high in Q1. So our strong operating muscle and the strong relationships that we have with our customers and our partners and the strength of our brand, really, we are best positioned and so ready to recover and accelerate the growth of our business. And I would say that there's no other competitor that can match the competitive advantages that we have, the quality of our coffee, our brand strength, our connection, our unique third place and our omnichannel capabilities, our national footprint and the digital ecosystem and supply chain excellence that we have built. Thank you.
Belinda Wong: Thank you, Howard. Yes, I'd love to give some colors on what's going on in China right now. What we're seeing is that we're seeing very encouraging recovery momentum starting January, with strong sequential weekly improvement as Howard has said, and fantastic traffic during Chinese New Year holiday, and that traffic really is covering all cities, all dayparts and all trade zones. That's including transportation and tourism, and that's the trade zones that we've been suffering quite a bit in the last three years. So that's revised again. But bear in mind, and like what Howard just said, we're still in the very early stages of our recovery journey and then the country has just opened up. So we do have short-term uncertainties, and we need to be cautious and the recovery may remain nonlinear. But on the ground here, I'm happy to report that people are going back to work at their offices. You see foot traffic recovering and ramping up in commercial areas. You see people going back to cinemas to watch movies, and there's just a lot more social activities and gatherings, right, starting to and domestic trips and now starting with international as well. So -- but most importantly, we're seeing customers coming back to our stores. They're returning to our stores to enjoy the Starbucks Experience. And I want to say that all our stores are open and can operate fully now without any restrictions on operations or operating hours, and we can now fully reengage meaningfully and consistently without any disruptions with our customers and our SR members to drive visit in frequency and deliver our best Starbucks experience. We can now go full steam with our new store development, and we can continue to maximize our omnichannel capability and opportunities to be a part of our customer new regular routine post-COVID. So all are very promising signs. And I just want to end by saying Starbucks is best positioned to capture the future growth opportunities ahead in China. And I'm so confident and more confident than ever of delivering the plan and strategies we shared during Investor Day and achieve 9,000 stores by 2025. Thank you.
Belinda Wong: Yes. Thank you for the question. The labor shortage from December was mainly because of our partners with COVID infections and there are all -- they have all returned back to work. We do not have any labor shortage issue, and we're ready to rock and roll in hiring more people to get ready for our new store opening. So and I just wanted to highlight the fact that we have been taking care of our partners in the last three years and this year and in the last quarter, you could see that we have all-time low turnover rate and people are staying with us. And so far, I don't see any issue at all with our hiring or our people staying with Starbucks. So thank you.
