Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Thanks, John, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to John Culver. The first thing I would say is in the core G&A of the business, there is still significant opportunity to drive leverage. We have a target of growing core G&A at half the rate of leverage, but that's – or half the rate of revenue, but that's just the target. We will try to beat that. And what's important as we move through these streamlining opportunities, selling TAZO, licensing more markets, we'll be able to lean in on corporate and business unit G&A further because the simplified operations give us that opportunity. And then what is a little bit new this time, and where we're really digging in, is really around labor and waste in particular in the U.S. business, and there's significant opportunity there, and I think we should give you some specifics on that. And I'll have John do that.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Sharon, what I would say is, as we exit 2018, we'll be growing earnings per share higher than the range that we gave for 2018. So we gave 12% to 13%, we'll have accelerating profitability, as we move throughout the year and there's two big drivers of that. The first is the things that John talks about around store operations, that will layer in over time. And the second big driver is all the things that we're doing around project streamline, what we call project streamline, the streamlining and focus of the operations. The big increment in those activities is around East China, and the exit of our Teavana stores, which as you know are a drag on earnings, and so all of that will help shape our profile. To get to your specific question, and the way I think about the upper end of the EPS algorithm, if you want to call it that, is if you look at what we did with revenue guidance and comp guidance, as we brought it down a bit, and we brought the lower end of our EPS guidance down to 12%. Our old guidance was 15% to 20%. I would say a similar move down at the high end is probably the way to think about the upper end of that guidance. So as we accelerate all the savings we'll get through streamlining our operations, we bring in East China, and if we get additional comp growth, then that would be upside even to the guidance we gave this year.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Okay. David, I'll start and then I'll hand it over to Kevin for the second part. So some of the mechanics on ticket, it's important to remember that the order consolidation impact of the change that we had in the Starbucks Reward program has two equal and offsetting impacts you'll recall. It brought transactions down, but it also brought ticket up, as the sort of incentive to split orders went away. And so transactions, as you know, have been depressed over the last five quarters because of that and ticket has been higher over the last five quarters because of that, and this is the first quarter that we fully lap that impact. So that's the first thing. The second thing is, we've had for the last few years one point to two points of pricing that we've taken pretty much every quarter. We were on the lower end of that range this quarter. That's pretty much related to timing. There's nothing that we're signaling there. Our pricing moves are still taking hold the way that we expect, and we'll continue to lean in where we see opportunities there. And then the third thing that we talked about a little bit in the prepared remarks is the afternoon day-part, and what's important to understand about the afternoon day-part is it does have a higher ticket. You get more attach, more multiple beverage ticket, and obviously Frappuccino has a little bit higher ticket. So those are the three big pieces.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: It's a good question. Thanks, John. So the first part of the question, what I would say is, you'll recall we have $250 million of partner and digital investments in 2017. That's right where we landed. The biggest portion of that was related to partner investments, and the biggest portion of that is wage, but the vast majority of that wage investment we're making is not mandated. It's not minimum-wage driven or mandated by cities or states. It's really what we're trying to do to make sure we're investing in our partners in the right way. And as you know, we have turnover rates that are significantly below everyone else in the industry. We have seen turnover in the last year come down across every category within our stores. So we know when we get that part right. We see customer service scores at the highest they have ever been. Partner experience scores at the highest that we would – that they've ever been. So we know when we get that right, it pays off for us. So the biggest piece is voluntary wage investments, and that will continue. As we roll into 2018, what I will tell you is there will be a little bit lower dollar amount investment in wage. It's still significant, but it's a little bit lower, so there's a bit more flow through in the U.S. P&L as a result of a little bit lower wage investment. And then to your specific question, we built that 12% to 13% EPS growth assuming the lower end of the range, and so we should be able to deliver that at a 3%-plus comp, and that's the way we wanted to be shaped, and the goal is obviously, with all of the things that Kevin talked about on the topline is to try to beat that.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And I would just add a couple financial points to that. If you go back to the deal model that we put together for Japan a few years ago, we're actually ahead of that deal model on every measure, except for comp. So revenue is ahead, profitability is ahead, profit margin is ahead. And that's because of the performance of new stores and the overall performance and strength of the market since we purchased. So we're trying to make sure we don't over focus on comps. We understand it's a challenge in Japan, but once we work our way through this blended mix issue, then you're going to see that profitability come through much more clearly.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Sure, David. So the overall profit growth, EPS growth on a non-GAAP basis will be 12% to 13%. I did say the tax rate would be 27%, but that's really impacted by the transaction in East China, assuming it closes. So we don't have any assumption of any change in the actual tax regulation in any of our major economies, particularly in the U.S. It's pretty much assumed status quo, but it's lower next year, specifically because of that transaction in East China, assuming it closes. And I think on the strength in comps, I'll hand it over to Kevin.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Share repurchase is included in that. And in fact, one of the reasons we have accelerating profitability as we move through the year is share repurchases will help earnings per share a little bit more each quarter.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Karen. We didn't give the ownership split in CAP on purpose. Because of the pending acquisition it was really hard to know. We don't have regulatory approval exactly how the stores are going to open and 100% when we were going to close. But I'll answer the second part of your question because I think it was really around what's it going to be going forward? So I think we said 1,100 stores in CAP, 600 stores in China. If the deal closes, those 600 stores would obviously be all company owned. So you're looking at about 50/50 company-owned and licensed as we move through time. And I think I'll kick the second question over to Matt.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I would say if you do the math on our total company comps, they tend to follow very, very closely with the U.S. business just given the size. And on the second part, maybe I'll turn it over to Kevin.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, thanks for the question. It will be front-end loaded a bit in 2018, and within 2018 in the first quarter. So if you look at that $15 billion, it's definitely ratably over the three years, but a little bit more in 2018 and a little bit more early in the quarter. We don't plan to use an ASR right now, but that's a tool that we will use if we want to access the market and take the shares out in a large chunk, but right now it'll be opportunistic open market. And we've done some back testing and we actually performed better than an ASR using that. The other thing I would just make sure you understand is the vast majority of that $15 billion will actually come from cash flow in the business. So we will increase debt, we will increase leverage, but the biggest source of that over three years is just the strong operating cash flow within the business.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And on the question on proceeds Nicole, I think what I would say is if you look at the broad set of activities that Kevin talked about around streamlining our operations, it includes selling our Taiwan market, licensing our Singapore market, licensing our Germany market a little over a year ago. Selling TAZO, and exiting a couple of other pieces of our business. All of those businesses had lower levels of returns and lower profit and revenue growth rates than the businesses we're investing in. And the biggest one to talk about is obviously East China. So if you add up the proceeds of all four of those transactions, it paid for a material portion of East China. And the returns and growth rate obviously for us China if you look at the numbers we just posted this quarter, are significantly higher. So that's how we're thinking about it. We'll continue to evaluate that as we move forward.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: And just to get to the last part of your question, yes, we had 1 point of beverage comp, 2 points of food comp. And I talked a little bit about the mix challenge. It's really an opportunity for us on beverage. John talked a lot about the things that we see to try to drive additional beverage comps. The mix impact on COGS was really not a food-cost issue, but really an opportunity around additional beverage comps. And as we move into the New Year, we've got lots of plans to try to accelerate that.
Scott Maw - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, so the foundation donation was in G&A expense. The impact of East China is not in that high single-digit number. It's really in that 2 to 3 additional points that I talked about, which is the net of selling TAZO, licensing Taiwan and buying East China, all of those puts and takes we think add 2 to 3 points on top of that. And then the acceleration in the U.S. business, John, really talked about it, but it is important. So in this quarter, it was among the highest quarters we've had since we started the significant U.S. partner investment. The impact on margin this quarter, I think, we called it out as 130 basis points. There was also about 40 basis points of impact from the storm, and then 90 basis point of mix. And again, I talked about the opportunity we have in beverage. As we look forward and we look at slight margin expansion, frankly as early as Q1, it's really those things that John talked about that will drive that. Yes, some opportunity on the top line, but really going after waste in the middle of the P&L, going after optimized labor, and when we say optimized labor, those stores that need more labor to drive additional revenue, and those stores that might have a little bit too much labor, and there might be an opportunity to redeploy. So all of those things are focused at driving additional margin. Little bit of lower partner investments help year-over-year, but it's really about getting after the middle of the P&L.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, John, just real quick, clearly the biggest driver of the growth is going to be transaction growth, and how do we continue to accelerate transactions, both in terms of driving more product innovation in the stores, driving more throughput through our existing stores, and then continuing to enhance these digital relationships. That will allow us to drive leverage into the P&L. Last quarter was our best growth quarter in terms of transactions in six quarters. So we're starting to get traction there. Secondly, this work around labor and deployment is critical. We're doing a lot of work around how we're deploying labor in our stores, looking at both ends in terms of where we want to invest to drive more throughput and productivity, as well as where we need to pull back if we need to. We are looking at this through the lens of what labor investments are going to be revenue and margin accretive, and really, given the work that Matt and his team have done with the analytics they now provide us on a per-store basis, we're able to go in and look at it on a per-store basis and a much more detailed view in terms of sales mix, in terms of the channels that are operating in those stores, and then also just the overall format of the store. And then the other piece that we're looking at and doing a lot of work on, beyond the labor and deployment, is around COGS and the COGS savings. And last, at the analyst conference, we made a big commitment in terms of COGS savings over the course of now, between 20 and 21, and we're committed to delivering those savings, and we're on track to do so. That will continue to drive more leverage in the P&L. And then the last piece is around waste in the stores, and how do we manage more effectively waste, and then while at the same time increasing overall availability of our products in our stores, so that we can sell more product. So that's another big piece. And then this last area, I would just say is around, how do we continue to rationalize SKUs, and look at the number of SKUs that we have in our stores. We feel that this is an area of big opportunity for us, and creates a big unlock for our stores and our partners, and this falls into the work that we're doing around the streamline activity in the stores.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: This is John. We have no intention of licensing the Japan business. We made a significant investment to buy that business back, because we believe in the long-term growth opportunity in that market. We now operate 1,300 stores there across all prefectures. We opened a record number of 90 stores this year, and the new-store performance continues to be very strong, and when you dig up underneath Japan, and really the numbers around Japan, Scott talked about the afternoon softness that we saw. That was particularly related to our blended beverage LTOs that account for about over 40% of sales during the summer period, but when you go beyond that and look at our core business of espresso, very strong performance. Tea, very strong performance. Food, strong growth there. And we saw momentum in the quarter, particularly in September build. We launched MSR in Japan in the middle of September. We now have nearly 2 million members on the rewards program, and we're excited with the opportunity that the digital flywheel presents for us there. And then when you look at – in terms of are we growing our share in Japan, given our store growth, given our overall organic growth, we are outpacing the competition and actually taking share in that market. So we are bullish on Japan, and we have a long-term commitment to that market.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: And I would just add, Dennis, to Matt's comments, in the U.S. specifically around Mobile Order & Pay and the impact that's having, we ended the quarter at 10% of transactions were Mobile Order & Pay and actually accelerated through the quarter where we exited the quarter at 11%. So these digital relationships and the ability to continue to bring customers into the fold is critical.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: I'll take the first part, and then I'll turn the second piece over to Scott to answer it. We remain very bullish on the opportunity that Channel Development presents for us and see it as a continued growth engine. It is a $2 billion business this past year, and the margin is up near 48% overall. In the quarter, we grew top line 8%, which is great, but more importantly, is the share gains that we're seeing both across K-Cup as well as packaged coffee, and when you look at our share growth, it's 2 times as fast as the overall category growth. So if you remember back to Investor Day, we shared that we felt that the overall grocery category for coffee would decelerate. We've seen that, but we continue to capture more than our fair share of the share growth in premium coffee and packaged coffee overall. K-Cups – we're the number one brand with over 16 share. Our brand, Starbucks, grew 16 times the rate of the category, and 2 times our nearest competitor in the quarter. And total Starbucks, including SBC grew 50% faster than any branded coffee company. So clearly, Channel Development is a growth engine. We are very optimistic about the future. Not only in the U.S., but then also when you look at international, we've got the Anheuser-Busch relationship with Teavana. We're going to double down on Teavana now in channels, and launch RTD nationally. And then also we'll be launching Teavana sachets down the aisle later this year, and so we're excited about that, so we feel very good about the business.
John Culver - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I think for us, we continue to focus on our new stores, and obviously existing stores in terms of the renovations. And as we have innovation to bring into those stores, we are planning the capital in order to go in and renovate stores. So Nitro Cold Brew is a great example. We have it right now in approximately 500 stores across the U.S., and we're seeing good growth from that. We have plans to continue to monitor that and continue to grow it. In addition, you're also looking at other innovation that we're going to be bringing into the stores to drive the same store sales. Kevin talked about plant-based beverages and alternatives. That is a big area of opportunity for us, and our customers are asking for it. We're also seeing very strong growth as it relates to iced and refreshment. Iced and refreshment, in the quarter iced espresso grew 15%, and refreshment grew 24%, so iced and that area of the business presents a big opportunity. And then the last area is how do we continue to capture this opportunity that we're seeing on food and the attach rate that we're seeing. In the quarter, we grew food 15% year-over-year, and food now is 21% of the overall mix of what we're selling through our U.S. stores. We're seeing good strong growth on breakfast sandwiches. We're seeing good strong growth on Sous Vide Egg Bites. We now have that available in all of our stores across the U.S., and then the last area is in the protein bistro boxes, and the impact that those are having. So we remain bullish on the existing stores, and continue to drive more innovation into it, whether that is related to coffee, whether that's related to food, or whether that's related to the digital experience.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, David, this is Kevin. I would just add what gives us confidence in terms of that guide for the 3% to 5% comp in FY18, I think, first of all, as we look at data and have analyzed the overall U.S. retail restaurant industry, certainly that has shown very flat comparables – even a little bit negative traffic, and we've consistently outperformed that. Over the last two years, we have consistently sort of been in that range of 3% to 5%. But then I would just comment, as we go into Q1, we have a very solid holiday plan in place, and the start to this quarter gives me added confidence that the guidance we've given you for FY18 is not only achievable, but we feel like we've got line of sight to what we've got to execute against and we're executing against the right priorities and see evidence in every one of those areas that our work is paying off.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Well, let me start, Jeffrey. On the question. First of all, thanks for that. I think we go through an entire process. We build a five-year strategic plan, and we build a bottoms up five-year financial plan from that strategic plan, looking at every geography and understanding the dynamics in each of those markets. And it's that financial plan that informs us on the growth in terms of new stores. It informs us on the same-store comparable growth that we expect in these markets. And I think that – coming out of that strat plan is what drove many of the streamlining activities that you are seeing. Certainly where we look at markets that are slower growth, or don't have the opportunity for as much new store growth, clearly those are markets that are better transitioned to licensed markets, and that's why we've been executing down that path. You know, the contrast to that then, is China, where we see the growth opportunity that we have ahead in China. And we've been in China, now 17 years or 18 years, and I think if you look at sort of what we have been posting on same-store comparables there, I think, China is the second largest and fastest growing market for Starbucks. It is the second-largest economy in the world. It is an economy that will have a growing middle class, doubling from roughly 300 million people to 600 million people, and so when we look at the global comp numbers, we look at the balance of the opportunities we have, and certainly two powerful growth engines being the U.S. and China. And so, I'll start there. So if you look then, at the U.S., I think if we look at our U.S. data, it shows us that the overall retail industry disruption that is changing consumer behavior and traffic, data would show that it has had some impact on the overall U.S. retail restaurant sector, which has shown negative traffic here over the last year, where we have been showing positive comps and the traffic that we posted has been above that. Now at some point that turns, so you say, okay, well, in addition to looking for that number to turn, the initiatives that we have been driving, specifically through-put at peak, now the morning peak is the most important day-part at Starbucks. Certainly in the U.S., if you look at the volume that we do. All the actions that John took you through, and the team have been driving have generated demonstrable measurable progress at peak, in this – every quarter since we started those initiatives, and it just keeps getting stronger. We've got continuous improvement plan there that shows us we are growing through-put at peak, and at the same time, we are improving the customer experience. So I think that gives us evidence that certainly we have line of sight to what we need to deliver to be in that comp range in the U.S., and we have doubled down in China. And I think the combination of those two things gives us confidence that a 3% to 5% comp growth for the long-term guidance is the appropriate number to set it at. And from there, I think then the rest of the numbers fall into place.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, David, in terms of the things that I would stack rank around the initiatives that have, I think, the most impact on confidence of those comps: number one would be throughput at peak. That is the most important day-part, and with the work that's been done, and the roadmap and continuous improvement ahead, we have never been stronger. And so we grow at peak, we grow comps. Number two, digital. It's predictable, it's powerful, and we're expand – we're widening the aperture of it by opening up Mobile Order & Pay to more customers. That will be another powerful driver of confidence. And the third is food, and with food, we continue to make very good progress that contributes to that. We're now over 21% of the mix, and good reception on what we're getting with the lunch day-part, good performance in the morning, and the continued innovation around beverage. So I think food and beverage innovation pipeline we have is just going to continue to crank, but I think added to that, the throughput at peak and the digital are going to be key drivers, and all of those give us confidence.
Kevin Johnson - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I think on the second part, Greg, when we look at the data that we study, we look at a lot of different sources of data, and I'm sure many of them are sources that you use as well, variety of industry studies, credit card data, and other research to track comps in the away-from-home restaurant industry. And I think what it's shown is over the last year, it's been relatively flat with slightly negative transactions, and we know that over time that number continues to grow. And so at some point that turns, but I think we see some evidence near term that that's beginning to happen, but it's premature to call that. I don't know, Matt, if you want to add any more in terms of the analysis on this, but I think the long-term prospect of – or assumption we made when we looked at the 3% to 5% comps that we set in the U.S. was that that number was going to stay at that point, and that gave us the confidence that this guide gave us upside in the U.S. performance.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. Thanks for the question there. With regard to Mobile Order & Pay, we have found a way to accelerate versus our original intention. Now I want to point out that it's not a 'go great immediately' thing. We'll be ramping into it across the year. So it's one of the reasons why we have additional confidence that our business will be gaining momentum throughout the year, number one. And with regard to the sign-up, we have, in fact started to see ourselves beat the typical seasonality with regard to customer acquisition. We have been talking about the fact that we will be leaning in there. That is precisely what we're doing. So if you've signed up for Mobile Order & Pay recently, you've noticed that the process has gotten better, and we are in recent weeks and months starting to see that in our business. You're going to continue to see us lean in across this year in acquiring digital relationships, first of all, within Starbucks Rewards, but then via other means, including Mobile Order & Pay that doesn't require a stored value card.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thanks. Matt Ryan here again on that one. We are extremely optimistic about the program as well as growing digital relationships outside of the program. And we have opened up the aperture, if you will, to explore additional ways of acquiring digital relationships. I think a couple things are really important to look at. We have seen 11% year on growth in our membership, and recently we've started to see an uptick because of the improvements to sign-on that we've put into place. But the even more impressive metric is we have seen from members 8% year-on-year growth. That is a function of a couple of things. It is a function of Mobile Order & Pay, but even more important has been the use of personalization, the customized offers and communications we put in people's hands. We know that when we can talk to our customers through our own channels, like our app, like email, we can get a terrific response out of our customers. If you want to think about it, 8% comp from our members this year. And as we expand the number of people we bring into our digital fold, both inside the program and outside of the program, we see a great deal of upside. Just as a reminder, we have 75 million unique customers coming through our store, and right now we're counting 13.3 million of them signed up for Starbucks Rewards. There is a lot of upside there. And even when you sign up, people who are further down the food chain who are not as engaged with Starbucks, we see tremendous incrementality when they do become directly engaged with us.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: And just to pile on there, please bear with me, I think it's important to recognize that we had turned off marketing for Mobile Order & Pay for a good while because we were focused on getting the operations right. It was just toward the end of the quarter that we were able to turn it back on, hence the acceleration up to 11% that John just mentioned, so we're very optimistic about Mobile Order & Pay.
