Laxman Narasimhan: Sara, thank you for your question. Let me address both of them by pointing to the underlying pressures that we see consumers face just in terms of what they have available to spend. So there's no question that if you take some of these transitory headwinds out, which, of course, are not an excuse in any way, and you look at the underlying headwinds particularly around the pressures that consumers face particularly with the occasional customer, what we're seeing is that's where the challenge is. It's a challenge with their traffic and it's their challenge with them coming into our stores. If you look at our most loyal customers, they're coming in often. They're seeing the value that we provide in Starbucks Rewards, in our app. They are premiumizing through customization as in the past. And so therefore, what you see there is you see a strong business with our loyal customers particularly those within the environments of the Starbucks app. What we are focused on is, first, how we meet the demand we already have through ensuring that our partners have the processes and the tools at the peak in order to meet the demand of customers who, at this moment, are choosing not to complete their transactions in Mobile Order, Pay. The second thing is we're clearly launching new products, and our pipeline is very strong. And what we are doing, though, as part of that is the third element, is how we reach and deliver value to the more occasional customers as well as those that are not in the Starbucks Rewards ecosystem. And that's where the challenge lies. And that's how you reconcile the 2 points that you had made. So we have a lot in our control, and we are focused on it. And we're focusing on the execution of those 3 opportunities, as I laid out, in North America. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Brian, thank you for your question. I think that if you look at our overall brand equity, it is and continues to be strong. If you look at the scores around value for what I get, strong. So if I look at the occasional customer, though, they're clearly making choices based on the economic pressures they face. What they look for from us is they look for variety. They look for the core. 50% of what we have in the afternoon, as an example, is coffee. So obviously, coffee is really important, and distinctiveness of coffee is very important. But they are looking for variety and they're looking for value. And what we're focused on is ensuring that we find a way to connect with them, to bring them into our app ecosystem in order for them to see the value that we provide inside there. That's why you're going to see the actions we take in May. You're going to see the actions that we take in July as we open up the app to all. That is going to make them, particularly in North America, be able to see the value that we provide in a way that's much easier for them. And as they build loyalty over time, they will see even more value as they come into the system. So that's as far as North America goes and the steps that we are taking. 
Laxman Narasimhan: I think we had some technical problems in hearing you, but let me just try and recap the question. Your first question was on competition in China and the comment around the shakeout that we are starting to see. And the second comment was on beverage pipeline. So let me start with the competition in China. I think the growth has taken place in the mass area of the China business, of the China overall coffee and tea segment is, one, where we see just intense price competition. We're choosing not to participate in that. We are a premium brand. We have built a business over 25 years with a great deal of competitive advantages. You can see that there. We have amazing partners in stores. We have stores that look distinctive. We have an end-to-end supply chain that, frankly, I would love to have in the U.S. And then we are steeped in coffee and the tradition of coffee in end to end as well as for the knowledge that we have in store. So we bring that to life very well in our business in China. At the same time, what you are seeing is the intense competition, particularly in the tea segment and it overlaps into coffee in the mass area, is one where you are seeing some of the shakeout happen in terms of the impact on people and how they can really sustain that kind of intensity. For us, our focus is on the premium end, and we're continuing to see that, right now, the headroom we have in China is large. I mean we're still at 13 cups per capita. Japan's at 280 and the U.S. is at 380. We know that, over time, as the Chinese consumer stops spending, what you're going to realize is that we have a business that is healthy, that has a P&L and a store operating margin level that is strong, and we're going to see that grow as the consumer gets more and more exposed to coffee. So that is what I mean by the overall competitive environment in China. In terms of your question about the beverage pipeline, I think that's been largely around North America. One of the things we're seeing here is we're core in coffee, and we're tremendously excited about the innovations that we're bringing with whole bean coffee and some of the coffee-forward innovations that we are seeing in our stores. But additionally, as we look at the occasional customers, they are looking for variety. And what we are doing is we're finding ways to open up new platforms of growth.  And last time, I mentioned that there were 3 platforms. And these are foundational -- additional new introductions that we will make over time. The first one was textures. So we started with pearls with our Summer 1 program, which starts next week. We then have a handcrafted energy platform that's coming in later on in this quarter. Additionally,  plant-based is an area where we've traditionally been really well known for. So we have designed platforms and these are platforms around which you can expect to see systematic innovations that come in not just this time around, but also, you will see further more that come in around these platforms. That's how we're thinking about R&D. It's around platforms, both in beverage as well as in food. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you, Sharon. I think that if I look at the headwinds that we see in the market, in particular with the consumer and the pressures that they face, I think that they were sharper and more accelerated than what we expected. I think in hindsight, if I look at the situation in China, while long-term growth potential is sort of picking, we're committed to the long term in China. The recovery has been choppy. But I think what we've seen, particularly since that period is we've seen more intense price competition than what we expected. None of that takes away for the long term, but it's clear that what we had this quarter was tough. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Peter, just to respond to your question, first of all, the Siren System was never put on the back burner. In fact, we're on track to having the Siren System installed in less than 10% of the stores, much as we committed. So it's on track.  What we've added in here, though, is the underlying processes to ensure that we can reduce the wait time in the store, inside the four walls of the store. And that's what those processes are intended to do in the U.S. And so that's what the acceleration of the processes are that we have been testing. What we provide is a base on which we will continue to implement the overall Siren Systems that we showcased to you in the September Analyst Day when you were here with us and we talked to it. 
Laxman Narasimhan: John, thank you for the question. I think on the question about misperception, misperception did have an impact on our business [indiscernible]. We haven't been -- we don't have a quantification for that. But what we do know is that our brand equity, the stores and the investment involved in the brand have certainly helped spending with overall perception of our brand [ we spend every year ]. In terms of the [indiscernible] system, what we're doing first is we're tracking how [ we do with the week ], so how we essentially work with deployment in the store, how we handle what happens at peaks in terms of where people are deployed. How do we essentially [ process ] customers? And what you see is [indiscernible] there. I know we've given you a quantification of 1 percentage point. That is a conservative estimate because when it fully gets deployed and it fits, you would see even bigger improvements that happen. In regard to your question about the [ hot food, ] that is purely something suggesting and we're looking to accelerate. So it takes [indiscernible] to accelerate that with the work that we are doing. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Andrew, thank you for your question. Everything we've seen, I know that we had a tough quarter. But everything we see in terms of the opportunities that lie ahead, as you look at the opportunities we have across [indiscernible], the innovation that we [ see ] in terms of the pipeline going forward [indiscernible] beyond. If you look at the productivity opportunities, the store count opportunities [indiscernible], we believe we'll be back [indiscernible]. And we see no change in the long-term outlook that we set earlier in this [ business ]. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you for your question. [indiscernible] and we have no intention of like going across the board and [indiscernible] what we are doing is we are [indiscernible] the fact that as [indiscernible] levels of [indiscernible] our brand overall right now [ that for what I can ] is still very strong [indiscernible]. So we feel very good about that. And this is more about how we [ move ] and how we [ manage ] customers, particularly those that don't [indiscernible] that is what we intend to do. 
Laxman Narasimhan: Thank you for joining us. We had a tough quarter, but we have a clear action plan that the management team and I are [indiscernible] thank you for joining us, and we appreciate the time you're taking this afternoon. 
Rachel Ruggeri: And if I would just add to that, when we look at the guidance that was given around our new store growth, particularly as it relates to China, that's really a very deliberate decision that we took to be able to increase the number of stores that we were opening in lower-tier cities and new counties where we see even stronger returns. So broadly, our returns are quite attractive, but they're even stronger in those lower-tier cities and the new counties. And as a result of that, that shift actually impacts our development pipeline. So there's a timing impact in terms of new store growth. So that's why we're at 12%, which we think is still a very strong growth and indicative of the opportunity that we see [Technical Difficulty] 
Rachel Ruggeri: Sure. Yes. Thank you, Lauren. I'll start with the comp and what I spoke about in my prepared remarks about the exit rate. And lavender was quite successful for us. As you heard in Laxman's prepared remarks, what we are encouraged by is that lavender both to what our customers, particularly Gen Z and Millennial customers, are asking about, which is more new more often and a broader offering, so offering, meaning coffee, non-coffee, food, healthier choices. And so we hit squarely with that with lavender by having particularly our most popular offering in lavender was the Iced Lavender Matcha Latte and so that shows that when we innovate well, we exceed our own expectations. That was later in the quarter. So it did do something for us in terms of driving customers into the afternoon. Largely, we saw that platform resonate well in the afternoon with our customers. The Latte, we'll tend to do more in the morning, but broadly, lavender, a hit in the afternoon. So we see that, that overall offering and how we're trying to address the customer -- more occasional customer with that worked well. But what I would say is that it was later in the quarter. We've got more opportunities coming going forward. And as a result of that, our exit rate in the quarter still reflected continued headwinds, which we're reflecting in our guidance for the back half of the year. What we're expecting with the plans that we've outlined today will help us counterbalance some of those headwinds, particularly as we see those actions start to take place. So I think it's important to think about there are consumer headwinds in there. Our plans will counterbalance that. And as we go after some of those challenges, I think the other thing to remember is that we are coming with a position of strength as it relates to the efficiencies around our Triple Shot as well as the growth we have in new stores and the strength we're seeing in our portfolio overall. We have a very strong portfolio, a profitable portfolio that will help us, and our brand is strong. So we look at all of that, and that's how we're thinking about the exit rates of comp as well as what we're seeing for comps in the back half of the year. So hopefully, that provides a little more texture. 
Rachel Ruggeri: [indiscernible] transactions [indiscernible] everything, the work [indiscernible] in an integrated way around product [indiscernible] as well as what our customers can get in the app to [indiscernible] 
