Scott Harlan Maw: Thanks for the question, Sara. I think, the first thing I'll say is we are still reiterating our long-term guidance of 10% on the top line and 15% to 20% on the bottom line. To your point, we understand why the question is being asked and it's being asked a lot more frequently by the street given what's happened in the last two quarters where we haven't quite gotten to the low end of our revenue guidance. But I think as you look at the back half of the year and acceleration back up to 10% revenue growth, we remain confident in that being the fuel for 15% to 20% earnings guidance. And I think I'd also talk about every year as we set our long-term guidance, we go through our strategic planning process in the spring and we look at all of the drivers on the top line, all the things around innovation for product and digital, all the things we can do in the middle of the P&L to drive sales leverage, and cost of goods sold savings and G&A. We've been increasingly using the balance sheet and I'll come back to that to help a bit with earnings growth as well. And we ask ourselves, can we reiterate those long-term targets? And we're at the beginning of that process. Again, this spring, we'll go through it with our board over the next few weeks. If in that process we decide that the long-term growth targets have to be adjusted, then we'll come to you, we'll explain it to you, and we'll talk about why we're changing things. But as we sit today, we remain confident give than acceleration that we'll see those long-term goals still come into line. As it relates to the balance sheet, we have over the last three years taken long-term debt up pretty significantly. I think, we had $750 million a few years ago. We're up close to $4 billion now. And as you know, buybacks have increased pretty significantly over that time as well. And we'll continue to be opportunistic on the balance sheet. I think last second quarter, we bought back over $1 billion in stock. This second quarter, it was over $600 million, it's about a $1 billion in total cash return for the quarter. So we have been selectively adding leverage .We have been taking advantage of opportunities to buy the – buy our stock back and that will continue as we move forward.
Scott Harlan Maw: And I would just add that's the power of personalization that Matt and his team have been driving. So taking that big installed member base and driving additional transactions via personalization. that's what's driving that spend, remember. And, David, if you go back a couple of years ago when we were adding a lot of members, the incremental spend per member was flattish. It might be up 1% or 2%, but this quarter it was up 8%. And so we see an opportunity to accelerate that over time.
Scott Harlan Maw: And I'll wrap up your question, Jeffrey. So, no, we're not indicating risk below the low end of the range. But I do want to acknowledge that if we see opportunities for investment or if the Teavana mall stores perform a little worse than we have forecast, that lower end is entirely in play.
Scott Harlan Maw: On the first part of your question, the larger piece is the investments we're making, although the Teavana mall store performance versus what we thought is meaningful. And to the second part of your question, David, I take the spirit of what – how it's asked. We see a significant opportunity in areas like digital and specifically what we see with returns on investments that we make around personalization, around things around Starbucks Rewards, things that we do in the app to make things easier for our customers. Those investments have the shortest payback and the highest returns of anything we do in Starbucks including new stores. And so as we look at the back half of the year and we look at the fact that we're driving the majority of our comps from digital, I would argue we must make those investments because those will pay off both as we exit 2017 and as we head into 2018, and I think, it would be not the right thing to do to skip those. So the second thing I would say is on Reserve and Roastery, those have longer term implications for us as Howard talked about, So making those investments now as we build the Princi capabilities. A lot of these capabilities are in the early phases, building out. The commissary capability for Princi Kitchens is building out. The roasteries that we have under construction across the globe and opening our first Reserve store soon, all of those things, needs the right level of design, the right level of merchandising, and it costs money to get those things setup right. The good news is as we move into 2018 and beyond, we'll start to leverage those investments as we begin to open more and more Reserve stores, open the roasteries, and we think that's the right thing to do.
Scott Harlan Maw: So yes, mid-single digit comps globally for the full year, and I'll turn it to Matt for the second part of the question.
Scott Harlan Maw: Maybe just one proof point to add to what Matt said. As you know, we launched this quarter suggested selling across the platform within the app. So as you're ordering your beverage, we're able to show pictures of food and other things you've either ordered in the past, or would go well with items in your basket. And we saw this quarter the ticket on Mobile Order & Pay actually go higher than the average ticket on Starbucks Rewards orders that weren't through Mobile Order & Pay. That wasn't the case over the last year. So for the first quarter we've seen that tick above as we thought it would when we launched personalization. And that's a good sign.
Scott Harlan Maw: So, Karen, those highest volume stores were slightly negative last quarter from a transaction standpoint, and they're still slightly negative. But that – but it's improved significantly quarter to quarter.
Scott Harlan Maw: So in both March and April we still had pretty big comparisons to lap over, so we're pretty happy with the overall comp growth and particularly transaction growth in April.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yes, domestically in the U.S., we have to look at this is not one market, but a collection of many markets. And as we look across geographies, we continue to see enormous headroom for store growth across the U.S. Just like we see differentials in store presence international to U.S., we see the same thing within the U.S. That means that there is a lot of opportunity for us to continue to expand in places where our strength has not been as traditionally great as it has been in certain urban and many western markets. So you're going to continue to see store growth, you know, ramp for us to grow into the future.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thank you, David. Matt Ryan here. When we look at the rewards program on the digital flywheel, we can't just focus on any one single metric. We have to look at the totality of its contribution to the business. And we're at a point right now where in the U.S., the digital flywheel has been the largest single driver of comp growth and we're very confident that's going to continue. And I think it's important to reiterate a couple of things that Kevin said. We have in fact seen 11% year-on-year growth in membership, but we have also seen record growth and spend per member. And when you take 13-point-some million members and you multiply it by an 8% increase year-on-year, that turns out to be one enormous number, and that's been a major contribution to our business.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, Sharon. Matt Ryan here. It is one of the things we will be looking at as we look across the future. But I just want to remind that a theme that we reiterated at the Investor Conference, which is we continue to have a lot of people who join the program as soon as they become familiar with it, and our biggest barrier is familiarity with the program. So continuing to let that word get out there and help people understand what the program is all about is critical. In addition, we have an easy low-hanging fruit in front of us, which is to get people into the program once they begin the sign-up process. So you're going to continue to see a lot of improvement to the sign-on process and to the way in which we guide customers to go from where they are today, not being members, into being full members with the store value card loaded. And we see a lot of opportunity there in the short term. And we'll, of course, be looking at other options like the one you suggested, in the long term.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Thank you for the question. We are very excited about personalization. And I would just reiterate what we've been saying and it remains absolutely true. We have only just begun. Right now, personalization, we did extend from email to the app about two quarters ago. We are seeing terrific results. It is the single biggest driver that we're seeing of the improved spend per member, and we just told you what that meant for us. So it's a big deal. We haven't done a lot of the things we dream about doing and one of the reasons why we continue to invest in technology is to be able to do those things. Triggered responses to events, triggered responses to external data that we can use, continuing to put personalization elsewhere throughout the app, and then eventually extending personalization to other screens beyond the app as well. These are all on the roadmap and will be coming and we believe they'll drive significant value for the company. So we're very, very optimistic and bullish on it.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: And just to add, we have also seen acceleration through the quarter with regard to personalization. So as we entered the quarter, and as we exited, we saw personalization as one of those things we think is going to continue to drive comps up in the second half of the year.
Kevin R. Johnson: And I think this just reinforces the fact that we're playing the long game. And in this period where this dramatic disruption is taking place in the retail industry, we are very clear that the transformative elements that we're focused on are digital, mobile relationships with our customers and branded, experiential retail. And the investments we're putting in are in those areas. It's about elevating the digital flywheel and it's about elevating the brand with the investment we're making in roasteries and Reserve stores and Princi. It's all about the future.
Kevin R. Johnson: Which is the highest since we launched La Boulange three years ago. So clearly personalization is playing a role in that success.
Kevin R. Johnson: And I think our comp – well, our comp performance for the back half is based on the level of innovation that we're bringing in from a product standpoint, performance at happy hour as well as continued expansion of the digital flywheel.
