John Culver: Yeah, John obviously Kevin reiterated the fact that we're focused on making sure we're taking care of our partners, their health and wellbeing as well as the customers. In terms of the closures what we've seen is that over the last few weeks, I would say that as the situation has accelerated, we've taken action to close stores both working with the local government and the direction that they've given us but then also proactively closing stores in the country. As we shared we currently have over half our stores closed in the market. We are assessing this each and every day. We do have delivery available to customers from stores that are remaining open. But again this is something that we continue to assess every day. And let me just reiterate this is a very complex situation. And I'm working very closely with Belinda and the team in China to navigate this changing environment. And as a company, we've navigated complex situations before. And in China, we feel there's no other company that's better positioned to navigate this, given our relationship that we -- and trust we've been able to build with our partners and the relationship and trust that they've been able to build with their customers. We will remain transparent as the events continue to unfold, but we do have complete confidence in the decisions that we're making and we will continue to provide complete support for our partners and for the people of China as they navigate this situation. We've been in the market for 20 years, and we have built an admired and trusted brand and we will continue to play the long game in China as we navigate in the coming weeks and months.
John Culver: Yeah. And so Sharon, we couldn't be more pleased with the performance of the Channel Development business, in particular the Global Coffee Alliance. Through the quarter, we saw acceleration into 40 markets around the world where we have our products available through grocery as well as foodservice. We also are on path by the end of this quarter that we're in to be in over 50 markets. Our product sales continue to be significantly ahead of expectations both in terms of packaged coffee, Nespresso capsules, as well as Dolce Gusto. When you look at our core business here in the U.S., Starbucks brand outgrew the total category for coffee. Roast and ground share grew 80 basis points, K-Cup share grew 40 basis points, and we've got some exciting new items that are coming up. Later this spring, we previously announced that we're launching premium soluble coffee which will -- we're excited about and the big opportunity internationally with that. And then the launch that we had with our Creamers of four flavors, we're now expanding to an additional two new flavors given the recent success. So, the Global Coffee Alliance itself is performing very well around the world and it's helping us continue to grow the Starbucks brand and amplify the brand as Kevin highlighted in his comments earlier.
John Culver: Well, Jeffrey I think there's a couple of things around what we're doing in China. First and foremost, focusing on the premium quality of the coffee and our ability to handcraft the beverages for customers to the way they want it we feel that there is no other competitor in China that is able to do it and replicate it at the level that we are as signified by the more than seven million customers we serve a week across the 4,300 stores. In addition you then have the opportunity of developing these relationships between our partners and our customers. And our partners are truly the differentiating factor in terms of bringing the Starbucks Experience to life for our customers. And when you go to China and you experience our people and their passion for coffee and their passion for service to customers that is a true differentiator that we have in the market. You then put all that together in the third place. And the beauty of our stores, the inviting environment, the way in which we show up in the third place, we have an environment that customers come to and want to be with their family and friends. Now, what we've done is we've also enhanced that with the digital experience. And we had a great quarter as it relates to digital. We now have 90-day actives grew 40% year-over-year to 10.2 million, that's nearly double from where it was a year ago. We've also gone through and built out Mobile Order & Pay capabilities as well as delivery. So, mobile orders in total reached more than 15% of sales mix in the quarter compared to 10% in Q4, so 9% being deliveries, 6% being Mobile Order & Pay, and we're continuing to build out these digital relationships with customers. Then you couple all that with the Global Coffee Alliance in our RTD business in China. There is no other company brand in China that has the distribution points that we have. We have over 100,000 points of distribution of the Starbucks brand in China and our partners are bringing it to life every day. And it's their passion and their commitment that is making us successful and will continue to make us successful.
John Culver: Yeah. Matthew on the store side of it, I think it's too early to tell. We're committed to the numbers that we previously communicated around store growth in China, and we'll continue to build beautiful stores and accelerate the growth of the brand. Suffice it to say new stores contribute 80% of our revenue growth in the market. And it's an important component and one that we'll continue to focus on with the team there.
John Culver: Yes. So Sara obviously, we're tracking customers in transactions in our stores that we have opened. And we look at that each and every day. I would say that versus historical levels it definitely has slowed down from -- and Pat gave a little bit of color on that. We look at this each and every day. We've taken action in our open stores to adjust operating hours. We've also gone in and adjusted some of the product offerings based on supply chain availability. And then we've also taken a look at specific trade areas where we can consolidate the stores into one store that's meaningful and reaches customers. So a lot of different actions are being taken. But as Pat shared the majority of the impact will come from the closed stores. But this is something we assess every day. As you're aware Chinese New Year has been extended and we're continuing to watch this very closely with the team in China.
John Culver: Yes. Eric, this is John. Just to answer your question, in the quarter we opened 167 stores. 46% of those were either in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. We do see very strong performance in lower-tier cities and we continue to make investments in those cities playing the long game. Clearly, when we open our first few stores, there is a lot of demand for Starbucks coming into those cities. As we continue to build out the footprint, what we've seen historically is that the total transactions obviously continue to grow and volumes show up as very similar to some of our outer tier one cities. So we feel good about our growth in these Tier 4, Tier 5 cities overall. In terms of the delivery aspect of it at 9%, clearly we see a lot of benefit. It creates a whole new occasion for our existing customers and it's helping to drive transaction growth in our stores. We have over 3,500 stores in 130 cities, which is 80% of the store base having delivery available to them. We see it as an incremental for these existing customers as well as attracting new customers. In total, dollar profits continue to increase because of it. It's slightly margin-dilutive, but it does provide a higher ticket as well as a higher food attach. And we also see stronger demand in the mornings and during the lunch daypart.
John Culver: Yes. Katherine just real quick on the International side. As Pat highlighted we had two points of impact given the Japan market and what we saw in Japan. And when you look at Japan overall we had two major factors that influenced the comp performance in Japan. First was, early on in the quarter we had a devastating typhoon that went through the country which impacted two full days of sales in the market. The second piece was the increase in consumption tax that took place in early October. The good news that we saw through the quarter is that comps accelerated through the quarter back to more normal levels. So we do feel good about the trends that we're currently seeing in Japan. When you look more broadly across the International segment and you look at in specifics EMEA and Asia Pacific, we saw strong growth in both of those regions through our licensed partnerships. U.K. in particular did very well. We had Middle East and EMEA that also performed well. And then when you go over to Asia Pacific, Korea had another strong quarter which was great to see. And then we have some smaller markets Philippines, Indonesia, Australia and New Zealand doing well as well. Switching to your question on China on goods and services, we're monitoring each and every day the supply chain challenges. Clearly in Hubei province that area is impacted the most in terms of supply chain given the limited travel that's taking place in that city. We haven't seen that meaningful impact take hold in other cities. Although as I shared, we continue to adjust the menus in our stores and the offerings to accommodate any supply chain challenges we have.
Pat Grismer: And John, this is Pat. Just to build on what John has said. It really is difficult to say at this juncture what the impact to our business will be and how it will show up in our financials given the fluidity of the situation. The business impact is largely a function of two things: the number of stores closed and the duration of closure. And with respect to the duration of closure, it's not entirely in our control. I would say to a lesser extent the financial impact is a function of how we manage wage costs during the period of closure. So we're simply not able to provide a reasonable estimate at this point in time. We will need to move beyond the extended Chinese New Year holiday season to assess how the situation may be stabilizing and what the implications are for store closures. We're probably looking at early March at the earliest to reasonably assess the implications for revenue, operating income, and EPS for our second quarter and for the full year. At the very latest, we'll provide an update in conjunction with our Q2 earnings release on April 28. Our commitment is to maintaining transparency with investors. And as and when we have a reasonable basis for estimating the financial impacts for the quarter and year, we will communicate that information. But importantly, we do expect the impacts to be temporary. Our long-term double-digit growth model is fully intact. And of course, we will gain the benefit of lapping these temporary impacts next year.
Pat Grismer: Yeah. I'm not going to provide details as to the magnitude of the guidance raise that we had planned or the specific line items, but I'm happy to share that we would have raised guidance for operating margin and for EPS on the strength of our Q1 results and visibility to some balance of year benefits. But given the uncertainty of the coronavirus situation in China and its impact to our near term results which we expect to be temporary, we felt it was best to defer any change to our guidance until we had better visibility to full year results including the impact of coronavirus. And as I said before, we're committed to being responsibly transparent with our investors and we'll provide an update when we have reasonable confidence behind our numbers, because it would not be helpful to speculate at this time. But we could not be more pleased with our Q1 results across the board, the overall underlying momentum in our business and the confidence that that gives us behind our ability to deliver better than expected results setting aside this new issue that has emerged in China.
Pat Grismer: Sharon, this is Pat. I'm happy to take both questions. First of all with respect to the G&A, we are very pleased with the progress that we are making across the company in delivering our G&A efficiency commitment. As a reminder, we had committed to reduce by 100 basis points G&A as a percentage of system sales. That is not something that we routinely report, because we don't report system sales. But a good proxy for that is non-GAAP G&A as a percentage of revenue and we do report that. We've added that to our supplementary schedules in our earnings release. And we have seen meaningful efficiencies emerge in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue balance of year. That's on the back of very significant work over the last 12 to 18 months to realize productivity in our G&A, not just in the Americas but really across all of our segments and certainly at corporate. And then with respect to the Global Coffee Alliance, we did see better than expected results in the first quarter. We did anticipate a decline for the first quarter and for the full year, but our better than expected results in the first quarter resulted from outperformance, specifically in the Global Coffee Alliance. So we could not be more pleased with how our products are performing as we continue to partner with Nestlé and we anticipate -- that was going to be one of the aspects of our improved guidance for the year is better than expected revenue growth from our Channel Development segment.
Pat Grismer: Yes. Matthew this is Pat. With respect to the first question China's operating income as a percentage of business unit operating income globally is slightly higher than the 10% that it represents of revenue and over to John for the second piece.
Pat Grismer: Thank you, Sara. I'll take both questions and then pivot to John for additional color on China. First of all with respect to margin performance in the quarter, we were really delighted with our overall margin outcome in Q1. And what was better than expected was to your point higher-than-expected comp growth and with that strong sales leverage contributing positively to margin. We also had stronger-than-expected benefits from our supply chain. Part of that was a function of the fact that in the U.S. we had such strong sell-through for our food, beverages and merchandise in holiday that we did not incur the level of inventory reserves that we've seen in the past. So a number of initiatives came together to deliver really strong margin performance in Q1 and that was the overriding contributor to what we had planned by way of a margin guidance raise for the full year. With respect to China and the drivers of the business impact, I highlighted that the number of stores and duration of closure are the two primary drivers of the business impact. That's not to say that there aren't other drivers or other considerations here. And certainly the reduced retail footfall that we're seeing across the country in the wake of the efforts taken to contain the virus and how customers generally are a bit reticent to perhaps visit commercial centers versus previously is another factor. So it is a contributing factor but the big factor really is the duration of closure. And I'll really pivot to John for additional color on that.
Pat Grismer: Yes. So this is Pat. We see further upside in our Channel Development business specifically. So we have a stronger outlook for full year revenue and flow-through associated with that in Channel Development. There were a couple of other line items where we were anticipating making some adjustments as well. But far and away the key driver of what we had planned by way of a guidance raise was the extraordinary strength of our Q1 results.
Kevin Johnson: John I'll let -- I'll have Roz give you a little perspective on Deep Brew and how it's influencing our performance.
Kevin Johnson: Yeah. I mean, just add to John's comments and share a perspective, Jeffrey. I think look over – throughout history, we've had many, many, competitors enter the market. Look coffee is a large and growing addressable market. And we stay focused on the premium experience and the unique differentiators that we believe create Starbucks. And if you look throughout history there's a consistent pattern. In most all cases, our competitors shift to focusing more on the value play. And you see that time and time again. And I think we can continue to see that trend. So the lesson for us is continue to amplify those unique differentiators that make us Starbucks. And that's why as you think about the Growth at Scale, we really as John said amplify the customer experience, we create in the store. We amplify the quality of our coffee and the beverage innovation that we provide, the fact those beverages are handcrafted and personalized for each and every customer. And then, we extended that in-store experience to a digital customer relationship. And those mix of ingredients are what differentiates us. And we feel confident that we understand them, we don't compromise those and we stay focused on playing our game. It's worked in the past, it's working today and it will work in the future.
Kevin Johnson: Well, thank you all for joining us on today's call. I want to close by recognizing my Starbucks partners around the world for such a strong Q1 performance and the underlying business momentum that we are building as a company. I also want to recognize my Starbucks partners who are navigating the dynamic situation related to the coronavirus in China. As we deal with these extraordinary circumstances, we will remain focused on caring for the health and wellbeing of our partners, supporting health officials as they work to contain the coronavirus and doing all of this staying true to the mission and values that built this great company. To our investors, I appreciate your patience and understanding as we work through the temporary business impacts in China. We are as confident as ever in the strength and resilience of our double-digit earnings growth model for the long-term and we are committed to maintaining transparency as we gain a better understanding of the magnitude and duration of the near-term business impacts. I serve all stakeholders of this great company and I'm so optimistic about our future as we continue to build an enduring company. Thank you.
Roz Brewer: Thanks John for the question. So, first of all, I wanted to ground everybody in what's happening in some of our equipment innovation. And one of the strongest pieces of innovation that we're seeing is combining our Mastrena II machine which is our espresso machine which we installed about 1,900 units last year. We've got 4,000 of those coming this year and those machines are AI-enabled. And so that is where we'll see the most significant deliverable around how we will integrate AI into understanding how to deliver the best coffee experience and also reducing the amount of time it takes to deliver and then giving us a chance to provide a variety of coffee to our customers. So, you'll see that come through. There's also other innovation happening around Deep Brew, it will show up in various aspects of the business, but the equipment position is our strongest position right now. In addition to that when we talk about the things that have happened in our loyalty program, we did see some significant improvement in this quarter. Right now we finished this quarter at about 18.9 million growth and that's a 16% improvement versus last year in our active Starbucks Rewards members. It's the strongest growth rate we've seen in three years. So, the work that we've done in our multi-tier redemption is also allowing us to grow our member base. We've got an increase of annual member growth of 2.7 million members and we're also seeing all-time records in that area as well. It's enabling us to do really creative work with how we reimagine our Happy Hour performance making sure that we are understanding what the customer needs. There's a lot of customer insights that comes out of the work that we do as we grow our member base. We're also seeing the loyalty programs in the new membership behavior that we're seeing which contributed two points of the 6% comp for the quarter. So, we are learning from what's happening as we align AI to our equipment and then the work that comes out of our loyalty programs in getting us closer to customers' expectations and it's making a difference.
Roz Brewer: Sure. Thank you, Dennis. So a couple of things. So, you heard Kevin in Kevin's remarks that we achieved a 6% comp in this quarter. Five of those six points came from beverage growth. So beverage innovation is a large part of the work that we're doing. That also is impacted by the work we're doing in in-store innovation also and the efficiencies that we're building there and then the digital relationships. If I could go a little bit further into the efficiencies that we're seeing in the store, we are actually doing a large amount of work around creating and improving productivity in the stores. And in many cases, this is not productivity driving activity by taking hours out and really reducing our cost position in the stores, it's actually to allow our partners to spend more time with our customers. So we're seeing record scores at this time of customer connection scores in our stores. These are record numbers. We believe it's a multitude of things dealing with reducing the amount of task, the menial tasks that our store managers and our baristas have to do in our stores. In addition to the equipment improvements that we're seeing, we have Nitro Cold Brew across all of our stores right now. When we put in a Mastrena two machine we're seeing operational efficiencies. It's a lower-profile machine. It allows our partners to see over the bar and interact with the customers. We're actually seeing a significant amount of work coming out of the work we have learned through our digital relationships, so we know more about who's coming in the morning. Kevin's remarks also revealed that we are growing in every daypart. We're also seeing a significant growth pattern in our cold coffee. And so that includes all cold beverages meaning tea as well. And we're seeing cold beverages grow in the morning and the afternoon occasion. We're seeing also to the work – if you recall when we began to grow and change our program and loyalty around multi-tier redemption, we are seeing growth with the occasional customer. And there is some connection between cold coffee, afternoon occasion and the occasional customer. We are seeing growth after 11:00 in the afternoon with the occasional customer and with cold coffee. So we think that it's that combination that's really happening for us, Dennis in terms of the beverage innovation so right beverage for our customer base, improving the work that our partners have to do in our stores so that they can interact with the customers and improve customer engagement and then learning from our digital relationships and understanding how to market to our customer base and bring them in the store and a great example of that is our reimagined happy hour. And so we're doing -- we're combining these three initiatives together and we are convinced that this work and the discipline around it is really driving our comp performance and we can see this in future quarters ahead of us.
Roz Brewer: Yes. David thanks for the question. So a few things, if you recall last year this time we were probably issuing a lot of LTOs limited time offers. Some of that was Frappuccino-based. We were not penetrated with enough Nitro equipment technology in the stores. And Nitro, we knew was a growing category. So what you're seeing right now is our execution of putting Nitro in every one of our buildings in the U.S. And so that's a big transition that we've made. In addition to that, playing into cold coffee and that process of creating and leaning into cold. And what you can see in the future from that is that we do have equipment improvements coming in our Cold Brew technology. Part of that is making sure that we are in stock at all times with this process and so we actually have equipment changes coming in the future for that. I also mentioned too that you've seen us add alternative milks to our beverage line, which gives us a chance to customize. We know that there is a portion of our customer base that wants more of a healthy-for-you concept. And so you have seen some of the work that we have done to add oat milk regionally across the country. And as that becomes more available in the industry, we will acquire more of that capacity. In addition to that, our whole -- our hot business is holding very nicely for us. Also from a holiday perspective, we introduced beverages that had high demand, if you think about the Irish Cream Cold Brew and then what we were able to do with the Pumpkin Spice category. What also gives us confidence as we go forward is the work that we're doing to make sure that we can deliver on what the customers are asking us for. So you'll see more coming in the alternative milk category for us and then playing into the cold category. Also in terms of what helps us sell beverages is our food attach. We will be introducing a breakfast sandwich this year with a plant-based patty both in U.S. and Canada and the combination of those pairing is significant for us in terms of how we think about what the customer is asking for us to develop. I'll also mention that we are seeing still growth in our morning daypart and with MOP. It's significant to also mention that in this quarter we opened our first convenience store, so we're seeing increased traffic when we create new formats. Our first introduction to this was -- is in Penn Plaza in New York. I had the chance to visit there in the last 10 days. Customer response is very favorable. It is showing just one more way that our brand is significant to our customer. Once you exit Penn Plaza station, you come right up to the store. Customers are responding that it feels like a walk-through. It has our latest technology in there from the digital boards that really announce when your drink is ready. It's those kinds of things combined with beverage innovation that give us the confidence that we're listening to our customers and providing them access to our stores, access to our brand, the way they want to acquire their coffee and also listening to them in terms of how we should grow our beverage innovation. So we are committed to this category of cold coffee and also making sure that we're staying close to what the customer would like to see in what's next in their beverage preference.
Roz Brewer: So yes Andrew just a few things there. One is we have a very effective media spend. And so if you go back a year or so ago, we were -- either had very small investments in our media spend or not very directed. And so now we are better at understanding almost a one-to-one relationship with that consumer. And so, if we have an e-mail address we can look at their past purchases and then suggest to them what they could enjoy in our stores and then also to alert them to Happy Hour and other events that are happening in the store. And we didn't have that in the past. And in addition to that is when we introduce new items. And so what we're seeing from a Cold Brew perspective is also just speaking to them about the new cold beverages. So it's having that one-to-one relationship and access to them and can personalize the offerings that we have to our customer base. In addition to that some of the other work that we're doing is to help our partners in the stores understand who's shopping in the stores. And so they know their customers just by the relationships that they've built over the years, but now they know a little bit more about who's shopping in their stores and who's visiting our cafés. And so we share that information with our partners in the stores and it makes them very effective at the work that they do. And a lot of the insights that we're gathering we're using it to make our decisions, and also to what's fueling how we think about what innovation that we want to build and develop. And so we're using our insights effectively, learning from our new members that are growing and then watching the work that we need to do as we look at the multi-tier redemption program, which is still just approaching a year in terms of its full national rollout.
Roz Brewer: So a few things there in terms of our store growth in the U.S. And so we're seeing pretty much the same amount of cannibalization in our business. There is no change there. For us the best investment we can make is our new store growth. We appreciate the return on invested capital that we're seeing with our new store investments so you'll see that continue. What we've been doing is really looking at our format and making sure that as we add delivery, add new stores, we're looking at coverage and how we cover our customer in the United States. One of the things I'll mention is the combination of delivery to our new store growth. We just added a total of 3,500 stores now across 49 markets in delivery. And so we have a broad amount of coverage in the U.S. combining with that. And we still have the estimated number of new stores coming in the U.S. and really advancing our format development anything from our new format in terms of the convenience stores, all the way to our Roastery plan. So we are still encouraged by our investments in new real estate and we're not seeing any shift in cannibalization in our business right now.
Roz Brewer: Sure. So yes we are continuing to expand. Because we're now at 75% U.S. coverage of all Starbucks stores, we are now into a national marketing program, which if you remember this time last year we were roughly about 115 stores with no marketing against it. And so we are encouraged to continue to see what happens when we alert the customer that delivery is available at their favorite location. Our stores are equipped from a technology standpoint. The partners are well-trained in terms of how to handle the tradeoff between the transition of the beverage to the pickup delivery person. So operationally it's working extremely well. We'll continue to watch it. One thing I'll say about the U.S. business if you compare it to China in terms of delivery, the adoption rate is still pretty modest in the U.S. And so we're just moving right along with the customer and making it available to as much coffee coverage as we can in the U.S. but it's modestly being adopted in the U.S. if you compare it to China.
