Troy Alstead: That's all – the revenue growth that we’ve retargeted for Q4 really is driven by that uncertainty that we're seeing in the month of June and in July in our U.S. business, and that's really driving that change right now. We continue to expect very strong growth in our Channels Development business as we move into the fourth quarter. China, Asia Pacific, the freight train continues rolling, perhaps even accelerating as we saw in the two year comp growth numbers in the third quarter. We've begun to be encouraged by the turnaround we're starting to see early days up in Europe. So, things are firing quite nicely for us, and we just have seen a bit of a downturn in the U.S. and we're cautious about that.Joseph Buckley – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Troy Alstead: Sure, Sharon. First of all on the pipeline, we have very high expectations for the number of stores that we'll open in this fourth quarter. It is quite a lot have been coming here very shortly. We’re extremely confident in targets we’ve laid out for store growth targets this year in all our geographies. And in fact, over the last two to three years with outstanding new store economics we’ve been producing across our geographies in the Americas and in China/Asia-Pacific we’ve been deepening our capabilities, deepening our governance, deepening our analytics, all preparing for this acceleration that we’re in the midst of right now. So we have a very, very healthy new store pipeline as we begin to move through this fourth quarter and into fiscal 2013 and great confidence in our ability to meet or exceed that target next year. In terms of the moderate, and I just want to emphasize the word moderate, traffic slowdown as we moved into June, it was really very broad-based. There's no individual part of the business or day-part that we can point to. There is no geography across the U.S. we can point to. There seem to have been just very broad-based overarching change in the consumer feel. Again, we continue to grow traffic very healthily in that June period. Just not quite at the – and as rapid a pace as we had in the periods prior to that.
Troy Alstead: Okay. John, I'll take the first two, and then perhaps Howard and/or Cliff will jump into the last part of your question. First of all, through the margins by segment, we will provide our expectations to you as we get a little bit closer to fiscal '13. This is the time of year where [we haven’t had] the opportunity to give you our initial expectations given the many moving parts that we see, but I’ll just acknowledge we’re also deep in the mix of our own annual planning for this next fiscal year. So, it's a bit early for us to go much deeper than what we have for you. Now, I would anticipate by the time we get into our November earnings release, we'll update our guidance at that point in time with everything we know, including how we finished out fiscal '12, and that point in time, I’ll also give you a better sense of what we expect to happen in the coming year by segment. Now in terms of the potential Europe charges, and I want to emphasize potential. I called these out today to give you transparency to some deeper work that we're doing. It's work that's enabled by the fact that we are just say number of months now into leadership in Europe and this regional operating model that we've discussed with you before, it is really empowering much deeper local management, analytics and decision-making. We also now have several months into discontinuing economic climate in Europe that is just as the U.S. did several years ago, exposed our business to us in some different, more informative ways and helps us do this evaluation of the store portfolio. That work is underway. We don't know the answer yet. It's possible, possible that we could make some changes in equity and some changes in the store portfolio in this fourth quarter. The up to $20 million and that's an up to, it's not an estimate that it will be 20, but the up to $20 million that may occur in the fourth quarter is not included in my guidance for the fourth quarter. The potential carry-on of charges into next fiscal year and in my prepared comments I said that possibly an additional $10 million, and these are all just very broad ranges at this point in time, but possibly up to $10 million in fiscal '13 is roughly captured in the very big target range we have right now. So, '13, we're confident in the 15% to 20% earnings delivery, the fourth quarter because we were so specific on an EPS guidance range of $0.44 to $0.45 that if there are store closures to be had and charges associated with them, those would not be captured in that guidance already. Cliff, do you want to take the level question …
Troy Alstead: Yes Howard. Sara to your question and building-up on Howard's comments, licensing is a big part of our growth going forward, and as you know, we have historically built an infrastructure around the world ahead of the building of our store business. Very consciously often, occasionally, I would suggest that it's a little bit too far into that hurdle, but in the event as we have been addressing those issues, tightening up our capabilities, getting our model in the right places and are now prepared to accelerate that to us more meaningfully. We are beginning to see both – generally we would expect in the other operating expense line and also on our G&A line in the international segment to build and provide the leverage over time. It won't be the same leverage degree every single quarter, but certainly this trend line will be leveraged. It will begin to meaningfully see as we expand internationally and particularly focus on our licensed business.
Troy Alstead: Sure. John. You're right, in that the miss to our expectations in the third quarter was largely, but completely driven by surprising change in the growth trajectory in the month of June in the U.S. That was, as Howard mentioned earlier, happened quick enough that we just had the ability to respond very meaningfully. Now, let me add on to that statement, so by saying that even with that slowing traffic, we leveraged our P&L very significantly in that month of June and in the third quarter. We picked up 120 basis points of margin improvement in the U.S. in the third quarter and adding despite the fact that the sales trajectory maintained growth throughout the quarter, but just not as rapid growth as we moved into June. So, it's very important to distinguish. We're talking about very moderate changes here that moved us off of our expectation. So, it still put us in a position to drive the top line and drive the bottom line even faster in that business. Absolutely nothing to do in Q3 or Q4 of what we're seeing in China and Asia Pacific, which is a freight train for us, the key to rolling very powerfully, double-digit growth as we opened in new markets. The volumes are coming in as strong or in many cases higher than what they are in the Tier 1 cities. The profitability is very, very strong and maintaining our capabilities are deep, and we keep moving quite nicely. In Channel Development, 45% of revenue growth in the third quarter, probably not much else I need to say. We are extremely confident of the portfolio of products we have there and our ability to continue that moment as we move. So, it's been a modern consumer environment in the U.S. that we are adjusting both in our third quarter results and as we think about this fourth quarter. Now, to your point about expenses, and we've talked about this John in times past. One of the most important things we accomplished and learned and improved our abilities around coming out of the crisis of 2008 and 2009 was our ability to have visibility into and manage our P&L in a much, much more disciplined robust ways than ever before. Part of that through reporting and attention and focus, some of it through technology as we put in place things like new inventory management systems that gives us significantly more visibility into our inventory and enhanced all of that capability with our ability to manage that P&L, and we have every opportunity we believe to continue driving leverage, as Cliff said a short time ago, and manage appropriately our P&L as we build. I also want to be clear though that, there is nothing in the trends we saw in June or even in early in July here that changed our belief that we should be investing into our future going forward. It has caused us to give you some different perspective on what we think in the short-term here in Q4, but there is no change in our long-term trajectory, nothing that’s leading us to think about anything other than the ability to continue to leverage our P&L as we move into 2013.John Glass – Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc.:  Thanks.
Troy Alstead: Well, I would suggest it's July and our fiscal year doesn’t start until October. So some of this is just were well, well in advance of that new fiscal year beginning. We do expect, as you know, some commodity benefit coming our way next year. We also have some very conscious strategic, great return on investments coming in the next year, including our leadership conference. We're thinking our way through investments that might allow us to accelerate growth in our emerging markets, which are extremely valuable to us. We're thinking our way through investments perhaps in Europe that will help us accelerate the turnaround in that region, and move us towards a very, very healthy place in that part of the world over time. So, early in our planning and all those things are weighing through our thinking. With that said, everything we see in our trends and in our plans leads us to have some confidence in a 15% to 20% range for next year, which is quite a broad range at this point in time, and allows us as we get into the year and into the analyst conference in December, which we hope we'll see you all at to fine-tune that estimate and manage it and report to you a little more as we go throughout the year.
Troy Alstead: Sure. Mid-single digit is consciously a bit of a range only because it's not unusual that it may move around a little bit. Certainly, I view the 7% we turned in this quarter in the U.S. in mid-single digit range, 6% which was our global number but if that were in 5% or 6% certainly in the mid single-digit range. So, I can't be much more precise than that, but that's how we think about it and that's what we would expect over the long-term. Those aren’t necessarily exact predictions for what we think happens this quarter or next year, but we do believe we have a healthy capability around innovation in our stores. We have continued opportunities to drive day-parts in our stores. We have continued opportunities through efficiencies and improving productivity in that busy morning day-parts. They put more volumes through there. We see no one in the sight that drive average unit volumes in our stores higher than they are today and we’ll continue pursuing those opportunities, and we think we can do that steadily with a very healthy kind of mid-single digit comp growth over time. In China, without getting to a specific comp growth prediction, I would just suggest that we think we are very, very early days in our development of China. We're very excited to have just passed the important milestone of 600 stores in China recently and yet that is just a small number in the big scheme of what this market will represent for us in terms of store count over time, in terms of the other store channels and consumer products and food service that we expect to be able to develop more meaningfully as time progresses and in terms of our ability to drive AUVs across Asia and in China through healthy comp growth over time. So no specific guidance for you beyond the kind of ranges that we’ve produced historically, but we think there's huge opportunity to keep driving that business forward.
Troy Alstead: Matt, let me be clear. Absolutely nothing is changing in how we have built the model and navigated it and what we see coming in the next year. We've always said that coming out of the recovery period of 2008 and 2009, the bite of the apple in terms our ability to pull cost out of our structure to drive efficiency, those bites were naturally bigger in that first year and two and three and of course we took bigger step-ups in margin improvement in 2009 and in 2010 and 2011 and we expect even doing in 2012 for example. As we go forward from here, we have a long list of initiatives running efficiency around being leaner as we continue to go from here and better at what we do every day around driving the top line, about expanding day-parts. We have a longer list of things than we could ever get with any one particular quarter and it is that long list of efficiencies around the top line and managing the middle of P&L's that allow us to say with confidence that we have a long-term trajectory to drive leverage. We feel very confident of that and feel very good about that and I think we can sustainably drive that number forward and we'll have some commodity benefit coming our way in fiscal 2013. I would anticipate early days some additional commodity benefit coming to us in 2014, given the current commodity cycle as well. So, we think the combination of everything we're doing in the business and driving north of 10% revenue growth and 15% to 20% earnings growth, this is very, very healthy leverage point, and very healthy earnings growth for a company our size.Matthew DiFrisco – Lazard Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Howard Schultz: Michael, I think that we believe strongly that 15% to 20% is achievable. I want to be careful not to say it’s conservative. I don’t think it is, but it takes a great deal of work across all our business to deliver that kind of consistent steady growth. What surprised us in Q3 was a very quick change in the month of June that even at the beginning of June had not really begun to be apparent to us. And so that did lead to us being surprised by how the quarter ended as we've said earlier. But given everything we see today, even with these trends in place, given what we know is coming in terms of product innovation, given our confidence in the holiday period that we have coming up, giving the momentum we have in China/Asia Pacific, the improving turnaround that we are seeing the early signs of in Europe, all those things give us confidence at this early stage in that 15% to 20% earnings target for next year.
Howard Schultz: Dave, this is Howard. I think in a conversation like this it's very easy to use some words that can be misinterpreted. So let's just rewind the last five minutes or so, so there's no misunderstanding. We had 7% U.S. comp growth and 6% global comp growth for the quarter. We would take that any quarter over the 41 year history of the company. It's stunning accomplishment given the backdrop of the economic issues. What Troy said, and I think it's important to just to make sure there is no misunderstanding, we saw a moderate change in June, but the numbers that Starbucks now has are so big that a moderate change in transactions and comps can have a swift and acute change to the economics of our current quarter, and because it happened in June, we did not have the time or the nimbleness to really affect change. The pipeline for innovation that we have planned for fiscal '13 is probably a stronger pipeline as we ever had with center piece going to be Verismo for holiday, but that's just the beginning. I think we took a very conservative approach by lowering the estimate for Q4. It's responsible and it's the right thing to do. But let me reiterate on behalf of Troy and I, that we are completely locked in the hip that we believe strongly in the guidance that we've given for 2013, and if you look at the last four years since 2008, we've had a 11 consecutive quarters of record results.
Howard Schultz: The answer to the question is somewhat bifurcated. Refreshers is off to a very good start, both in our stores and in the 50,000 points of distribution and CPG, and we're very pleased with it and I think it's a big idea today and in the future. I just bifurcated because the traffic slowdown, the moderate traffic slowdown that we saw in June has somewhat continued in July. The difference in this quarter versus the last is that we had no time to respond. I can assure you that a response is coming in Q4 that we believe we’ll address some of the issues and we have other levers that we can use. But the marketing that we've done for Refreshers has achieved its objective. I think the tactic to drive incremental traffic at multiple day-parts is a different approach than trying to build awareness and create trial and loyalty for Refreshers. That's why I said the answer is somewhat bifurcated. But I think the reason we've taken the guidance down to Q4 is just to take a very conservative approach to ensure the fact that if this continues, we're in a position to meet the expectations that we’ve laid out today, but I want to assure everybody that there is a meeting going on every single morning at 7.00 AM in this building addressing yesterday's sales, diagnosing the issues, and then we're also, and I think this is important. You know I'm on the phone talking to many other heads of companies that are in the consumer retail space, and we're comparing notes about what's going on, and I think what we're all experiencing was very few exceptions Whole Foods being one of them, is that most – everyone one that we're talking to has almost a similar pattern that mirrors what we've just explained in June and July. So this is not a Starbucks issue. This is a macro problem. It's not an excuse we have to correct to quote on it, but we've got a fractured consumer confidence, and all of the things that you already know about, but we're confidence and we'll be able to navigate through it.
Howard Schultz: It's Howard again. Well first, I think we learned lots of lessons during the transformation of Starbucks in the U.S. business three, four years ago and those decisions looking back were based on making very tough choices about store closures and really rationalize the portfolio. And I think as we look today on the U.S. results, there is a direct correlation between closing those bad stores and taking your medicine. And looking back now, I think the strength and health of the U.S. portfolio is the strongest that it's been in decades. I think we want to take a similar approach in Europe, and I think we have an advantage. Michelle Gass who is now the President of EMEA was literally at my side during the transformation agenda and co-authored that strategy with me. So she's there and understands the game plan as well as anyone in the Company. Like any decision, there's always some self-induced mistakes that we have to [hold up to] and I think we made a few, but these are macro issues that have so much to do with things that are beyond our control. The austerity in Greece and Spain, the underlying issues outside of London and the U.K., the change in political leadership in France, all of these things have added to the lack of consumer confidence and we have to navigate through that and we're going to take advantage of it. I want to say something I think it is very important. We have great confidence that we are going to be able to turn Europe around. No one should doubt whatsoever that we're not going to be able to do this. It's not going to be a sprint. This is a long slog. The progress we made over the last 90 days is very encouraging, but we’re going to be sitting at this table and we're going to be announcing with you just as we did in the U.S. a significant turnaround in Europe over time.
