Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, I'll take those in order, John. So, as far as revenue growth goes, we're really still on that double-digit track that we talked about. It's just, given the performance in the first quarter which, as you know, was 7%, both adjusted for FX and as reported. We just see the math averaging out to perhaps a little bit below that rate, depending on how we finish. But we still expect comps to accelerate in the back half of the year, which means revenue will accelerate in the back half of the year and the number I'm giving, that 8% to 10% growth rate, that excludes the impact of FX, which we think, based upon where rates are today, will be about one point negative. So, hopefully that answers that modeling question. On G&A growth, what we talked about was G&A growth excluding the investments we had in innovation, which is primarily things around the digital flywheel and things we're doing with Siren Retail. That will grow at half the rate of G&A, or half the rate of revenue. And when you strip out one-time items, some of those investments that we're talking about, we were really close to that this quarter. So, we're still on track for G&A – core G&A growing at half the rate of revenue for the year.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, we do expect future leverage. One thing to remember, John, and I know you know this that includes COGS and occupancy, so there's a little bit of offsetting direction in those two-line items within cost of goods sold and occupancy, but we had nice leverage really across the globe and in the U.S. as well on cost of goods sold.
Scott Harlan Maw: I think something a little different. I think, what we're sticking to is full year guidance of mid-single digits, and that the first half will be a bit lower than the second half. I want to try to stay away from giving comp guidance for each quarter, as you can imagine. Part of the first half is obviously impacted by the three that we just reported, but I think the thing to focus on is accelerating comps, revenue, and profitability in the back half of the year. That's really important for our guidance. And I would just add, all the things that Kevin talked about in his prepared remarks is what gives us line of sight to that, all the things around product innovation, many things that we're really just starting on the digital flywheel, and in the operational improvements, which will pick up over time and over the course of the year, and impact overall comps.
Scott Harlan Maw: Yeah, thanks, Karen. You'll see the G&A growth rate come down, in general, as we move to the back half of the year, but I think, the thing – it's really important that I reiterate how we've talked about G&A growth. Because of the fact that our digital investments go through G&A because we're a retailer, our digital investments, all the things around flywheel, all the things we're doing with Reserve and Roastery, a lot of that cost, particularly as we get it up and running under Cliff Burrows, those head count costs all go through G&A. We're splitting our G&A into the core G&A that we all know, in finance and HR and legal and all those costs, and we're managing that bucket to half of revenue. The other dollars, which by the way, the total isn't that big of a piece of G&A, but it is growing much faster, well over double-digits. That's the piece that we're looking at as an investment. And so, that's why I want to bifurcate that. And if you take out the one timers in that significant investment that runs through G&A for us, we're below revenue growth rate in G&A, and I think that number will get better as we get throughout the year.
Scott Harlan Maw: And, Matt, what I would say on second quarter is I'd look back at the first quarter. We delivered a 3% comp and we met our guidance, and I would say over a quarter or a short period, we can continue to do that. Over the longer term, which includes the long-term guidance for this year, we need to get back up into the mid-single digits.
Scott Harlan Maw: There's definitely reason for optimism. We've talked about this before. The total check on Mobile Order & Pay transactions is basically equal to other Starbucks Rewards transactions before suggestive selling. And when Matt and I set the business case, we expected it to be significantly below, because we thought attach would be soft until we could get into this capability, so I think it portends well for as we get suggestive selling going, given the fact that the ticket is almost equal, we think there's some upside there.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Yeah, I think the good news in all of that is the terrific results we're seeing related to reloads in particular. That's testament to the digital flywheel working on all fronts right now, as you heard from Howard and Kevin, there is record performance, and it's coming from both the number of members we have and the acquisition activities that have taken place, as well as from spend per member, which is a function of three basic things. The transition that we successfully made to a spend-based model, which encourages higher spending; personalization, part and parcel with that and our ability to incentivize, purchases that may not have otherwise happened; as well as the impact of Mobile Order & Pay. So, we feel good about all of that. I just want to address the one last question about delivery that you also raised as well, too. Where we see the greatest opportunity for delivery as we outlined at investment day is in China, where the cost of delivery has come in at a price point that customers are willing to pay, and we will be looking to engage and make that happen. So, you'll see more of that in months to come, as we get results from our pilots back. We're also exploring other opportunities in the U.S., but we don't have anything specific to announce at this time.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure, thanks for the question. I think the result you saw in spend per member going up so dramatically in the past quarter and so on as a result of the first wave of personalization kicking in. Remember that it was about at the beginning of last quarter that we started personalization, not just in email, but also in the app itself, so that there were mobile offers being featured to the customer, and we saw tremendous response rates there versus what we had done previously in email, which already had been higher than what we had done without one-to-one, so that ramp was already taking place. We're optimistic that we're also layering what we call recommendations right now that is rolling out this month, and what that means is as customers are in the process of ordering we will be doing suggestive selling, so that was not in past results, but should be in this quarter, and future quarters to come. There's a long roadmap in front of us with personalization. We've only just begun that journey, and we're very, very optimistic about the contribution it's already making to the spend per member that we're seeing.
Matthew Ryan - Starbucks Corp.: Sure. Just a reminder of what we did in the quarter. We started the quarter with 12 million actives and we went to 12.9 million as we exited. And, as you can imagine, we are continuing to accelerate. I think it's important to talk about where we were and where we are now. When we started the quarter at 12 million, we were behind where we wanted to be. And when we exited the quarter at 12.9 million, we were slightly ahead of where we wanted to be. So, we made up the gap and then some as we went through the quarter. This was a result of leaning in on two different fronts. To get to an active, you have to acquire and then you have to activate them. And we have done both in the quarter. So, we continue to lean in with acquisition, largely through our stores. And then importantly, because we know there are, as we said at Investor Day, millions of people who start the process, register but don't get all the way through to becoming active. We focused very strongly on that through digital communication, in app, and through other means with our customers. And because we're able to put those improvements to the digital flywheel in place, we were able to dramatically increase the number of actives as a result of activation. We continue to see promise in doing more. We have a lot of things in the pipeline to address that issue, and you're going to continue to see us lean in to acquire more members. So, we feel very good that there's a lot of upside out there. As you mentioned, there are 75 million customers and we only have 13 million or so right now. So, we see that as a great way of growing our business, because we know that every single time we acquire a new member, we see a large amount of incrementality on a customer-by-customer basis. And with the new Spend Rewards program in place, it's looking better and better.
Howard S. Schultz: This is Howard. I'll start with that. It's interesting you asked that question, because we have many of our designers and architects in Seattle this week from the U.S. and around the world speaking about Reserve stores, Reserve bars, and the hot topic of the day, obviously, which is the unbelievable surprised success of Mobile Order & Pay and the impact it's had on the morning ritual. So, a few things. One, in existing stores, we, as Adam said, we have discovered that managers on their own have created best practices in order to solve the problem, and are creating, in a sense, a mobile kiosk that they can move around to try and establish a handoff plane, but we're going to redesign new stores and existing remodels to reflect the fact that Mobile Order & Pay, although it's in its nascent stage, is obviously going to be a significant part of the morning business. So, I want to bring some color to it also in my own way. When we introduced this, I don't think we had any idea that we would get the kind of response that we have gotten so fast, and as Kevin said, the ramp-up that we are now seeing has significantly affected the morning ritual, and at times, created anxiety among existing customers. And – but at the same time, this is a great problem to have, and a problem that we know how to solve. This is not rocket science. This is what we do every day, as retailers, as merchants, and we are in this thing right now, deeply trying to understand specifically what we can do on an interim basis, and what we can do over the long term. But the Mobile Order & Pay activity and the nascent stage of personalization and one-to-one marketing bode so well for the growth and development of the company, especially in light of the macro issue of traffic. And I think as I said in my prepared remarks, there's such evidence for us that we are going to be one of the true winners, regardless of what happens with those retailers, and especially those retailers that are going to suffer significantly from the downturn of traffic, as a result of e-commerce and mobile purchasing online. But I think we're in a unique position. Obviously, it affected comps this quarter. But it's a very good problem to solve, and then when you look at the $2 billion loaded on Cards that are sitting on the balance sheet for Starbucks, I mean, is there a company – is there a retail company, a retail brand, that is in this kind of position? And I said in my remarks, if you just look at the fact that we could not book that revenue in terms of traffic and comps, it's a much different story for Q1 than what we reported.
Howard S. Schultz: I don't think so. I think that our objective is to create a ultra-premium experience with Reserve in traditional Starbucks stores with Reserve bars, Reserve stores only, and obviously, the Roastery. But I don't think it's going to be a opportunity to raise prices in our core stores or core brand. But I think the differential between the ultra-premium experience of Reserve, we like the position that we're currently in, and our customers are responding very positively, as many people saw before the Investor Day at Brookfield Place. And I think I'm very encouraged, because outside of New York City, where we're opening stores, we're seeing a lot of traction with the number of Reserve beverages that are being sold, and the frequency of visits of customers coming back for a hand-crafted experience.
Howard S. Schultz: I want to be very thoughtful about how I answer this. I think clearly, if you look at the results post-Black Friday, when there were headlines across the country that this was the first time I think in the history of U.S. retail that we saw more money being spent online than in traditional bricks and mortar retail. So, that unto itself was a signal that the holiday season for the first time was going to be bifurcated in a broader way. Having said that, we still believe that the holiday season, for us, was not significantly affected by the downturn in traffic. It was more the things that we've already discussed that are in our control, and in a sense, the self-induced issue of the success of Mobile Order & Pay. If that did not exist, I think we'd have a different story here today. And for us, as retailers, we want to be in a position where we are in control of the things that we can control, and we can't control weather, we can't control the downturn in traffic, but we can control the experience we create, the relationship we have with our customers and our partners. And if you look at the thing – you know what, the thing that I think I'm trying all the time to ask myself, and that is the ongoing reservoir of trust and relevancy of the Starbucks brand and experience, I think the primary data point is, look how many customers and how many dollars were bought with regard to reloads on existing people's accounts on phones and in gift cards. And it's a record number, especially when you look at the backdrop of the retail restaurant sector and the fact that most people had a very poor holiday. That, to me, is the primary indicator of the health of the brand, the health of the experience and the ongoing relevancy of the company and the confidence we have in what we've stated to-date.
Howard S. Schultz: Yeah, we are just at the beginning right now, so we don't have any numbers to report at this point in time, but we're highly encouraged by what we're seeing, because for the first time in the context of Mobile Order & Pay, we have what our baristas normally do, which is to suggest something that's relevant to the customer at that point in time. Early indications are quite positive, but it literally is weeks old so we don't have any numbers that we wanted to share at this point.
