Frank Britt: Thank you, Howard, and good afternoon, everyone. It was just 50 days ago that we laid out our reinvention agenda that involve five major strategic shifts. First, creating a truly unified global company; second, radically improving our in-store partner experience; thirdly, reimagining our store operating model; fourth, reinvention around what customer connection means; and perhaps, most importantly, redesign the construct of what it means to be a partner at Starbucks. While still early days, we are seeing progress with several key proxy measures. For example, retention has increased with turnover scores at the hourly Barista level, lower by 1 point versus prior year and 4 points versus prior quarter. Additionally, customer connection scores show a 5-points improvement to pre-pandemic levels. All of these are early but encouraging signs. We fully embrace that our partners are the most critical component to our longer-term performance, and we need to be even better at addressing their needs. Partners who proudly wear the Green Apron have bravely shared their stories and their ideas in our co-creation sessions, and we have concentrated our efforts to jointly create solutions with our partners and for our partners. In the fourth quarter, we continue to improve our already industry-leading benefits to a deeper position of strength with several new programs for partners. Representative examples of improvements include: a new incentivized savings program in partnership with Fidelity, designed to help partners in case of unplanned financial challenges; a new student loan debt program to empower partners looking to find the best ways to address their college debt management obligations; an increase in sick time accrual ratios for our partners; an updated family expansion reimbursement program, aimed to assist partners with the cost of growing their families through adoption and the like. We have remained committed to the critical development opportunities of our people. And as a complement to doubling our partner training hours, as Howard noted, we've reintroduced our iconic Black Apron credentialing program, and nearly 5,000 partners have already earned their apron and continue in the program. We've also launched the pilot of a new partner app designed to create one digital community for our 270,000 U.S. and Canada company-owned operated store partners. And over time, this new digital platform will allow partners to stay connected on what matters to them most, including their schedules, their benefits and continuing to use their voice to drive the co-creation of Starbucks. More than 1,000 partners have participated in our testing and are providing feedback for our launch planned for Q2. Obtaining the right mix and number of hours is essential to a thriving partner experience at Starbucks, and we aim to provide desired hours with flexibility and predictability. We are highly focused on honing our staffing models and operating processes to ensure we can allocate the right amount of talent to each store in every daypart and advancing our capabilities to fine-tune our hours of operations by store to reflect unique demand patterns. As part of the reinvention agenda, all of these efforts share in common a primary focus to grow the lifetime value per partner and are connected to the ongoing reinvention initiatives, including in-store waste reduction and further acceleration of equipment rollout to enable an improved partner experience and higher productivity. We will also continue to focus on accelerating our trade area transformation, modernizing the way technology elevates the store experience and continuing supply chain innovation. Longer-term, powered by our partners' insights, we have a very robust agenda and improvement plan powered by a new architecture and vision of the partner experience. And over time, this will translate into an even more partner-centric system in the stores, affirm our reputation as a frontline talent career launchpad and improve retention rates. Finally, as part of this new phase of reinvention, we continue to lean into our centralized project management office to drive better integration among our initiatives and more fully capture the synergies across our store and customer innovations. Together, these initiatives are designed to strengthen our business through top line growth and margin expansion and improve the partner experience. I look forward to sharing more of the progress in the quarters ahead. Let me now turn it over to my partner, Sara.
Frank Britt: Sure. The partner experience as the core of the operating model of Starbucks is designed to drive retention, improve connection scores, both to the partner and customer. And the secondary effect, to answer your question about top line growth, is it creates more capacity that allows us to capture that incremental demand that sometimes is challenged in the current operating environment. And so the core of the reinvention agenda, of course, is the combining of innovation around store, customer and partner. But at the end of the day, it's designed to give us the capacity to engage the customers how they want to be engaged, in service of supporting their needs and ultimately, the performance.
Frank Britt: Yes. So thank you. So we have a very advanced, what we call, listening capability, where we are constantly sensing how our partners are doing, those who proudly wear the Green Aprons in the store. There is a process that happens on a sort of short-term basis, just to sort of monitor. And then we have a more comprehensive process which we do quarterly. We then deconstruct that. We do a tremendous amount of correlation analysis using some very advanced capabilities we have in the analytics and data science arena. And we try to be very precise about the things we're responding to base on the first principle that we've espoused now for quite a while, which is this idea that we should be creating the new Starbucks with partners and for partners. And so I think we have come a long way in that arena. And yet, as we often say, we're pleased but not satisfied. As it relates to the connection to the customer side, which I'll let Sara further elaborate on, we know, as we've talked about before, there is a direct correlation between partner engagement, which is the sum total of the surveying you've mentioned, and customer engagement. And we know that correlation is real, and it's amplified and you can see it every day in action. And so we try to spend a lot of time understanding that connection between the 2. In the context of the brand, which Brady speaks to quite a bit, we know that care is the number one factor in the brand equity equation of Starbucks. And we know the partner is the epicenter of that care. And so that is the fabric that binds the lens of brand experience as measured by the customer and realized experience as measured by the partner in the store.
Brady Brewer: Yes. Thanks for the question. Really, the Reward Together program is about taking like-minded leading loyalty programs and linking them directly to Starbucks Rewards. And the intent is that whether or not you are with an airline like Delta, you can earn miles faster at Starbucks, and you can get additional Starbucks benefits when you fly with Delta. And we're looking at a number of leading brands. And so this is creating direct tech-to-tech connection to link our loyalty programs and make the experiences better for both brands and both sets of customers. In terms of the data, we're really sticking with our continued focus on using data to make the experience better but being very thoughtful and disciplined about the data that we capture, but using it to make the experience better and inform our business. So we're excited about the early stages of Reward Together. What we've seen, as you heard on the call, is extraordinary demand to link accounts in a way that was overwhelming relative to our expectations. So we're excited to see this build in the future.
Brady Brewer: Yes. I think the -- as Howard said, hot coffee is growing, but cold beverage, over the last few years, has just accelerated, and that added an entire stack of sales volume into the stores. What we're seeing, and Sara mentioned, is that the cold-customized plant-based beverage platform is particularly appealing. The younger you go, the colder the beverage. We've seen significant year-over-year growth in Iced Espresso, which is our biggest product category. We're continuing to now see growth in hot espresso. Refreshers, Nitro, Cold Brew are all growing significantly. But as Howard said, modifiers have grown in double digits year-over-year. Now over 60% of our beverages are customized. And why is that important? It's important because what our customers have discovered is that their favorite beverage is not possible to buy anywhere else. I think that links to the earlier question about navigating rough times too, is this is a beverage you can only get at Starbucks and you can't make it home. And increasingly, customization has enabled that in our stores. So we're just getting started. Lots of growth opportunity ahead.
Brady Brewer: Sure. Thank you, John. While transactions are still lower than FY '19 or pre-COVID levels, what we are seeing is transactions continue to grow. And what is -- a part of this is that products sold, as measured by units per store per day, have been consistently higher than FY '19. So what we're seeing is more group orders. Starbucks Rewards frequency is a function both of our SR members visiting frequently, but we're also adding so many new members. And what we're doing is acquiring customers who are lower frequency and bringing them into the program, which helps increase their frequency. The SR program tends to see a very significant increase in frequency in the first year of membership. And so SR is a strong driver of that for us.
Brady Brewer: Oh, great. Yes, I think the relevance of the brand, really, I think as Sara outlined a bit, is not only are we seeing in the U.S., for example, a larger population of 7-day active customers than we've seen ever before. When we get deeper into that, what we see is that our customer base is becoming younger. In the U.S., 51% of our customer base is now Gen Z and Millennial. And in fact now, our customer base is quite diverse. And I think around the world, we continue to attract both young customers and diverse customers. And when you go into our stores, you see that the relevance of Starbucks is not the coffee your parents drink, but the coffee that young people are choosing every single day. Our brand position right now, we have the strongest brand affinity of any away-from-home coffee brand around the world, and it's seen as the first choice for coffee away from home. So the younger you go, the stronger the brand affinity gets. And the more diverse you go, the stronger the brand affinity gets. And so for all of those reasons, we continue to cater to a very diverse and increasingly young customer base with those cold-customized plant-based beverages and the strategy is working, and we'll continue to do so. Thank you.
Howard Schultz: Thanks, Jeff. Well, let's try and kind of go through the question based on our history, what we've seen in the near term and why we're so confident. If you go back many years, although this is an unprecedented time, we have demonstrated, time and time again, that there is an affordable luxury to Starbucks that our customer base has been willing to support and the loyalty to Starbucks continues. Now in the past, we did not have the inherent benefit of the Rewards program, which as you heard in our prepared remarks, is generating significant revenue for Starbucks, which is highly predictable, and a relationship with that customer base is extremely loyal. The other thing that's different from the years past and which gives us so much confidence is that we've always monitored whether or not our customer base was getting younger every year. We've never wanted to see our customer base get generationally older. We wanted to see it get younger. Not only has it gotten younger, but that young customer, that Gen Z customer, tends to have significantly more discretionary money at their disposal. And their loyalty to Starbucks has been quite significant and predictable. Then you have the pricing power of Starbucks, which we're certainly not going to try and raise prices during this time. But certainly, we've demonstrated, over the last 12 months or so, that we've got almost 6% price increases and we haven't seen the loyalty and the transactions abate. I think customization, which we spoke a lot about in our prepared remarks, is obviously giving us -- and the ticket is becoming more accretive as a result of the modifiers, and those modifiers seem to be more consistent and greater with cold beverages, which is now over 75% of the U.S. business. And then I think we look at the promotional plan that we have for the balance of the year and we look back on our history in terms of the beverages that have succeeded, we look back on the short-term history in terms of what beverages have really been home runs, and I can honestly say we sat through a beverage lineup of innovation a few weeks back and we really had to cull the amount of beverages because we knew we couldn't handle it because there were just too many that we felt so good about. The last thing I'd say, and this is not as quantitative as I would like but it's real, is that during the pandemic and certainly in the last year, Starbucks has picked up consistently -- consistent market share, both in our category and our ability to intercept traffic as a result of the strategic nature of our real estate multiple formats, and we certainly can't avoid this conversation and not talk about the overwhelming success in revenue and how accretive drive-throughs have been. And so net-net, we're highly concerned and humbled by the environment. There isn't a day that goes by in which the lens of every decision we're making is not made -- is made through the concern of what's happening in America and around the world. But we feel that we've got the resources and the know-how, the history and the innovation to produce the kind of numbers that we feel very confident about. Thank you.
Howard Schultz: Yes. In terms of China, that's 100% correct. There's no issue with regard to opening stores. In fact, we're opening stores at record numbers. And Belinda is on the phone, and if you have a follow-up question about China, she certainly can answer it. In terms of your question about the -- our ability to extend cold and modifiers, a few things. One, cold has certainly surprised us all at Starbucks. But our ability to customize beverages is a significant competitive advantage. There is no other coffee company anywhere in the world that has our ability to respond instantaneously to a customer's request about customization, nor there isn't a coffee company that has our ability behind the counter in terms of flavors, syrups, modifiers, foam, et cetera, to provide the customer what they want. I think cold is in its early stages in terms of what's coming. And the innovation we have around cold through the year will continue to drive awareness and I think, attachment. However, no one should kind of walk away and think about the fact that our coffee -- our hot coffee business is not growing. In fact, it's growing nicely, but cold has kind of taken over. But we have significant innovation plans for hot. So I think the percentage of revenue cold versus hot, I think you'll see hot go up as a result of the innovation we have around the hot platform. And I'll give it to Brady, just to follow up on your question as well.
Howard Schultz: Sure. I'll start and respond, and then I'll give it to Michael Conway, who runs International. I think Starbucks has some very unique long-term relationships that go back, in some cases, in terms of the Middle East, Mexico and Latin South America, Korea, some of these relationships go back 25, 30 years. And there's others. And so there is a tremendous level of loyalty, friendship that we have well beyond the business relationship. So we're in constant contact side-by-side with our partners to ensure the fact that they know that if something did come up, we would be a backstop and be there for them. That has not, in any way, been the case, and they have not indicated anything. But we certainly want to be the kind of partner that we can look back on with great pride that we were there for them. I'll give it to Michael Conway, who is working side-by-side with them every day.
Howard Schultz: On behalf of all of us at Starbucks, I wish you and your families a wonderful Thanksgiving vacation, and we look forward to speaking with you at the end of Q1. Have a great holiday season. Thank you very much.
Belinda Wong: Thank you, Howard. Thank you for the question. Starbucks continues to lead the market in brand share and preference, fueled by our premium positioning, a competitive advantage founded on the exceptional coffee experience delivered by our partners and the deep connections cultivated with our customers. We're very delighted to see the robust growth of the -- of China's coffee market in recent years with the entry of new brands and players. Different brands offer different value propositions, targeting different segments and locations, but together, we'll accelerate coffee culture and overall category adoption. In terms of our new store development strategy, as I have shared during Investor Day, we will build -- we will follow our purpose-built store strategy. And we will go deeper into optimizing our store portfolio, increasing the density in key trade areas in our top 20 cities, in the existing cities that we're in. And we'll also go wider into entering -- continue entering into new cities that we're not in yet. There are plenty of opportunities to grow in those two areas. And thirdly, we will go smarter. We have a very strong store development system that's built by our incredible team in the local market. Powered by data, we have more accurate data to understand where we should be opening the format and the size, and not just the third place experience, but we're able to accurately project where is best placed in terms of our new stores to fulfill omnichannel customer needs in all the cities, be it new or existing cities that we operate in. And lastly, we're going to go greener. As I've shared before during Investor Day, we're going to open 2,500 greener stores by 2025 as part of the portfolio. So we're very confident in the way we're going to grow our new stores and comprehending the increase in the China market. Thank you.
Belinda Wong: Yes, yes. Let me just add to the fact that how pleased we are to see a solid sequential improvement in Q4 in terms of our revenue and comp sales growth. It's humbling to see what a strong positive correlation we're seeing between easing restrictions and our business recovery. I mean the incredible sequential improvement on our 90-day active members enthusiastically coming back to our stores as soon as the mobility restrictions eases, it really gives us a lot of confidence on our ability to rebound as soon as the mobility restrictions are lifted. So I just wanted to add that. Thank you.
Belinda Wong: Yes. Despite the short-term COVID disruptions, as we shared at Investor Day, we remain laser-focused on executing our China growth agenda with great discipline and confidence, right? As you heard, we achieved record high-quality new store growth. And now, we have 6,021 new stores across 230 cities, and those new stores continue to achieve best-in-class returns and profitability. We also focused on our fast-growing omnichannel business, and that continued to gain great momentum. As Howard shared, Starbucks Delivers, sales grew 35% year-on-year to a record 24% of our sales mix. That's pretty incredible. And total mobile ordering sales mix now reached 44%. That's something we're very pleased to see, and it's going to be here to stay as we unfold more occasions from our customers. Customers' engagement, as I said before, Rewards active members coming back, we're very pleased to see that. And that's really close to our historic high as well. And we are achieving the highest customer connection score. Our partners are really on the ground, serving our customers. We're learning every day as to how to operate our stores better. We're increasing our muscle and our operational capability. We're getting smarter in our supply chain and our store development. So I'm very pleased to see. And also, one more thing. In terms of our partner engagement, we have achieved record-low full-time retail partner turnover in FY '22. That really demonstrates the partner investments that we have made over the past years are really paying off. So we're very humbled and -- but well positioned and excited to capture the future growth opportunities. Thank you.
