Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Satish and hello everyone. We delivered strong third quarter results, successfully navigating ongoing supply chain and other headwinds. Third quarter 2022 revenue of $1.376 billion was $26 million above the high end of our guidance range, and grew 10% or 13% on a core basis. We generated $1.461 billion in orders, up 12% or 14% on a core basis, and we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion in backlog. Turning to our operational results for Q3, we reported gross margin of 65%, holding steady in the face of significant inflation and currency headwinds. Operating expenses were $480 million, resulting in an operating margin of 30%. We used a number of strategies to effectively navigate supply chain challenges, including product redesign, alternate sourcing and increased supplier and customer engagement. We achieved net income of $363 million and delivered $2.01 in earnings per share, which was $0.21 above the high end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 181 million shares. Despite significant currency headwinds on the top line, we saw negligible FX impact to earnings due to the meaningful natural hedge provided by our global footprint that has been supplemented by our financial hedging program. Moving to the performance of our segments, our Communications Solutions Group generated record revenue of $970 million, up 11% or 13% on a core basis. CSG delivered gross margin of 67% and record operating margin of 30%. Within CSG, commercial communications generated record revenue of $694 million, up 17% or 19% on a core basis, driven by 5G, O-RAN, 400 gigabit, 800 gigabit and high-speed digital applications. Aerospace and defense and government revenue of $276 million was down 2% and up 1% on a core basis. Our backlog for this end market remains strong, and we continue to expect increasing defense budgets in the U.S., Europe and Japan to provide support for higher spending going forward. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group generated third quarter revenue of $406 million, up 10% or 13% on a core basis, driven by strong revenue growth across all end markets and regions. EISG reported gross margin of 61% and operating margin of 31%. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the third quarter with $1.8 billion in cash and cash equivalents, generated cash flow from operations of $224 million and free cash flow of $192 million or 14% of revenue. Share repurchases this quarter totaled 1.6 million shares at an average price per share of $139.46 for a total consideration of $228 million. Year-to-date, we have repurchased approximately 4.6 million shares for a total consideration of $723 million. Now turning to our outlook and guidance. Demand remains strong for Keysight solutions. Our funnel is near historic high levels, and we exit the quarter with a record backlog. We now expect full year revenue growth to approach 9% or 11% on a core basis with EPS in the range of $7.43 and to $7.49, representing growth of 20% at the midpoint. Fourth quarter 2022 revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.38 billion to $1.4 billion, with earnings per share in the range of $1.94 to $2, based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 180 million shares. In closing, Keysight’s resilient business, consistent execution and flexible cost structure give us confidence in our ability to capitalize on the long-term secular growth trends and deliver above-market profitable growth in 2023 and beyond. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. It is – I mean it is true that we have been undergoing a series of price increases as we attempt to kind of keep place with the inflation that we’re seeing on the cost side of the equation. And it is also true, as we’ve talked about in the past that it can take time for those price increases to actually be realized within revenue given the backlog, given the funnel, given the outstanding quotes that exist within the marketplace. And so it is certainly true that we have price increases that are built into our backlog. I think the second, beg your question is a little bit harder to answer because we don’t know exactly what is forthcoming on the inflation side, right? Whether that continues, whether it starts to wane, but we do expect to start to realize additional benefits from price increases that have already been enacted.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Yes, that is fair to say. I mean if you look at the look at the order number that we put up last year, $14.91 in Q4 of last year, we are expecting orders to continue to grow. We have a strong funnel here entering the quarter. And so by definition, that implies additional backlog build in the quarter.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean it’s – the conversion of orders to revenue is definitely a supply chain issue. I mean as we indicated in our prepared remarks, we are starting to see the flow-through of the budget was appropriated in late spring. And so we are optimistic as we look forward into Q4, and even into Q1 that that’s going to continue to drive growth. We are also seeing increased defense budgets in Europe and Japan, which is also additive. But as you start to think about converting that over, we are still very much supply constrained across the portfolio. And while we have seen some improvement in certain aspects of the supply chain within the quarter, we are still in that constrained environment. So, yes.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean I think when we think about pricing in the – let’s start over the longer term kind of outside of this recent inflationary environment. Our goal is always to capture the value that we are bringing into the marketplace. So, we have – and regularly assess our prices relative to the competition and the value that we are bringing into the marketplace and adjust them accordingly. I think in this inflationary environment, there has become little bit of a cost element as not just our suppliers, but our competitors and people across the broad ecosystem have been increasing prices in response to that inflation environment. So, I think you are correct in assuming that our pricing increases have moved northward over the course of, say, the last 12 months to 18 months in response to that inflationary environment.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, sure, Jim. As you noted, this is one of the new expansion opportunities that we’re incredibly excited about, and we’re continuing to build momentum. And as you saw emerging from the pandemic, this big acceleration into EV and AV has just gotten started. And from a manufacturing perspective, yes, we have some exposure to it, but it is this proliferation of electronics content that’s causing automakers to ramp up production as supply becomes lesser and lesser of an issue over time. So it’s all about testing their EV capabilities in the manufacturing environment. So we have some exposure to that. We are very excited by this big trend we see that’s going to play out over the next 10 years where auto makers are going to increasingly invest in organic R&D capabilities needed to differentiate their platform over others. And that involves software and hardware, and it’s a great fit for the broad array of tools that we offer to every electrical engineer in the planet that we’re now selling into the automakers. But equally, the growing emphasis we have put on – growing our footprint in EV. As an example, this quarter, we had some design wins with some giga factories that are coming up just getting started in the Radar Scene Emulator solution, which really allows you to take a car, turn on all the sensors and really see how we behave in the real world, very unique solution offering. And we had a design win with a major North American car manufacturer. So just getting started, very excited about the opportunity and strong double-digit growth in orders this quarter.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Maybe I’ll get started, Neil might want to add some comments here. I’ll say on the supply chain front, I did reference that we’re very pleased with the execution. It’s been now three or four quarters since we put the program in place to build out our capabilities to second source, extend our partnerships with suppliers tighter and ongoingly engaged with our customers on lead time reduction activities. So those have progressed very nicely. And as the quarter progressed, we saw some of the constraints get better as the quarter progressed, which resulted in the upside that we were able to generate in revenue, and delivered a very strong record revenue this quarter. I would say, on the macro supply situation, it still remains challenging. It is a tale of two worlds. On one hand, you have improved visibility and improved supply for general-purpose electronics parts, but high-precision electronics, analog components still appear to have constraints associated with them. But nevertheless, we are very pleased with our execution, and we’re also confident about our guide, which is why we have actually taken up the guide for Q4, and also for the full year to be now 9%. So that’s with regard to the supply situation. With regard to your second question on the long-term guide on targets, yes, I mean, we’re also very pleased with the progression – ongoing progression that we see quarter-after-quarter towards those long-term targets we set, both for growth and profitability. And that was goals that we set for 2023. We’re obviously executing very well towards those. And as we go into the fall, we will be having our 3-year strategic plan, and we look forward to updating you on any revised targets right after.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think our commercial communications portfolio is a diversified one that services both the wireless and wireline ecosystems, saw broad strength across both this quarter – and again, continued strength for the last few years driven by 5G on the wireless side and a number of technology evolutions like 400 gig, 800 gig on the wireline side. I’ll just hand it off to Mark to make some comments on the details for this particular quarter.
Satish Dhanasekaran: And we’re very pleased with the 65% gross margin performance of the business in the backdrop of inflationary environment that Neil referenced.
Satish Dhanasekaran: And the demand environment continues to remain strong, and across our end markets and across all regions. So we continue to build a backlog, but it’s a high-quality backlog where we have touch points with customers and – who have real needs. And so we will be working really hard to get that converted to revenue as we look into the next 6 months.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. We’re quite pleased with the portfolio, the differentiation, the focus on the R&D customer. The areas that we’re investing to build solutions for, continue to remain a high priority for our customers. But we’re also cognizant of the macro environment and the evolving macro, and watching for it. As an example, one of the areas we look for is in our industrial business, which is linked to PMI. But that business had a very strong quarter yet again. But Mark may be able to make some forward-looking comments on the funnel.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you, Mehdi. I think the way we think about our business is we look at the new emerging technologies where customers are looking to innovate, and not just for a year or 2 years, but they are looking at a multiyear roadmap. That’s our focus, solving their more complex challenges, such as the ones you described in space and satellite, in commercial communications with both on the wireless and wireline side with evolving needs for capacity, which drives millimeter wave consumption, EV and AV, all of these are innovation-rich areas. We are making a unique contribution to enable our customers’ time to market. That’s the focus for us, and we will look to provide more insight as we move forward on these areas. Thanks for the input.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. No, I think you are spot on, right. You look at the backlog build, $2.5 billion roughly as we exit this quarter and then we have a whole quarter in front of us to exit the fiscal year. So, we fully expect that the backlog will continue to grow, which gives us increased stability. And as the supply situation improves, that just converts into earnings power for the company. The other area that I am very pleased with is the gross margin performance of the business in the backdrop of these inflationary pressures we are seeing, which, over time, as we have thought about the value we bring and continue to innovate with software and services, we have more upside to continue to grow that margin profile over time. And so we are not done at 65%, which should give us further room for growth. And then when we look at the next-generation innovation drivers that we are engaged with our customers right now, we feel pretty confident about extending that runway of growth as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think it’s an area where historically, we were in the component test of the satellite ecosystem. That has been an area of strength for us and where we are highly differentiated and some of the unique metrology components do get into for – to calibrate some of the more complex measurements in that space. What we are seeing now as we look forward is new applications like non-terrestrial networks with the advent of 5G, and this proliferation of different satellite form factors and communication with ground stations, right. So, we are getting into emulating the whole environment so that we are designing better for the crowded satellite and space environment that’s ensuing. But we are very pleased with the uptick we are seeing in the business for the entire portfolio because the number of customers that are in this industry also is expanding beyond the few big ones we used to have in the past. So, pleased with the growth in the business. It will continue to be a driver for our aerospace and defense business moving forward.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think if you look at the PathWave effort that we have put in place for a few years now, it’s really focused around building the organizational capabilities needed because the future of our industry is going to be software-centric. And so we have built capabilities, such as cloud that has enabled us to launch the O-RAN solution where we are now able to test virtualized network infrastructure. And the only way you do it is you have to have your assets on the cloud, and that’s a critical component of how we deliver value through PathWave. The PathWave design franchise that we have had continues to grow. We have been able to convert majority of the customer base into recurring subscription-based contracts, and we are moving that franchise from just being able to simulate circuits to simulate circuits in complex environments. And that’s a new area of emphasis that will continue to grow. And on our base instruments, it still remains a focus for us to add more capabilities, connect them to the cloud so that we make our customers more productive in their labs, and that’s the focus for us moving forward. Bottom line is we are at 20% of our mix, roughly software. And the focus for us is to continue to grow that, and we will continue to invest in more software capabilities to do it. Mark, I don’t know if you had any other…
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think in the broader context, you look at the – what’s really changed significantly since the beginning of the year is the geopolitical environment, and it is going to drive more up in government investments for organic research across the globe. And for us, when we talked about drivers for the 5G business, we said near-term, it’s about the deployments. Medium-term, it’s about the millimeter wave and higher speed capabilities. And longer term, it’s about these new applications that are going to come online. And I think O-RAN has been one of those. We started to invest in that early. We are engaged in the O-RAN ecosystem. In fact we had the – we hosted the O-RAN consortium in our facility in Santa Rosa in this quarter to continue to drive the standardization around this nascent ecosystem. So, it’s an emerging opportunity, very exciting. Again, the – some of the strengths of the company with software continue to play into it. Now, with regard to immediate impact of public funding, your direct question, it’s really hard for us to assess that, but it’s definitely favorable as we think about where we invest and how we monetize.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Satish. As Satish said, Dave, the 5G rollout and demand continues to be very strong. And our bias toward R&D solutions is an area of investment for all of our customers. We saw double-digit demand and order growth across all regions. One of the drivers is the adoption and upgrades around Release 16. We’re seeing that across the board. We’re seeing adoption now with some of the certification business in the test labs. We added more than 90 new 5G customers again during Q3. We’re seeing continued growth of O-RAN where we’ve been expanding our opportunities from device manufacturers to operators to test labs and etcetera. So wireless side, the demand remains strong and broad. And as Satish said, on the wireline side and the data center side, we continue to see strong investments in the quarter for 400G manufacturing plus continued even ramping investments around 800 gig R&D and on both the physical layer and the protocol space. So robust demand. Our differentiation for many, many years, continues to expand our ability to contribute to these customers around the world.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Well, Chris, we’ve said that it’s been broad-based, and it certainly has – you saw the growth come across all the end markets across all the regions. Our top customers, top 20 were up double-digit. We added more than 400 new customers in total during the quarter. Our indirect business and the channel was strong. So that shows the reach that we’re getting into new customers. And as Neil mentioned, our 6-month funnel is at or near an all-time high. We’re watching it very carefully. Some customers are being a bit more cautious in their spend, but it’s not reflected in our numbers, and it’s not reflected in what we’re seeing is overall demand going forward.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Mark, this is Mark. I will answer that. So, our business in semi remains very strong, robust demand, record orders in . And what we are seeing, and we have said this before is we are seeing continued investments in tow areas, right. One is in the advanced processes and the other is in the mature technologies, and both remained strong during the quarter. The other exciting part is we are starting to see the investments in the United States in new fabs. We have started to – we captured the first initial spend. You saw earlier this month, or maybe this last week, the U.S. Congress just passed the CHIPS package that’s all in front of us. That expansion is going to help additional business, fuel additional growth to boost manufacturing in the U.S. And our R&D investments, it’s not just capacity expansion. We are also participating in parametric test as well as R&D test in these advanced processes from EUV to 5-nanometer, 3-nanometer. So, while some end market demand has slowed, there is still supply chain constraints in the semiconductor market. And the longer-term secular growth drivers are still strong driven by end markets like high-performance computing, automotive, we talked about and new mobility and silicon photonics where we have a leadership position feeding into high-speed data centers and so forth is an area we are very excited about as well.
Mark Wallace: And Rob, this is Mark. I will just add that the previous  is another driver of growth, which is the intersection of many different segments or technology. We are talking about non-terrestrial network. We are talking about 5G deployment within aerospace defense. And then on top of that, you have the continuing long-term investment in defense modernization with funding beginning to flow from the U.S. government Department of Defense, and then Western Europe coming on very strong. So, there is a number of growth drivers on the front end, and that will continue for us moving forward.
