Ron Nersesian: Sure. The main difference is that we have aligned all of the efforts that we have in the groups to be focused on customers. So we have one group that will work with key customers, for instance, communication customer and find out what type of solutions they need. Now it may be a standard solution that we already have, such as a spectrum analyzer or network analyzer, but they also may need something different like a special channel sounding solution, which we didn't have approximately a year ago. And this group is tasked and has all the technology and all the people to bring any type of solution to bear. The field organization is aligned to go after specific customers, and they're doing that very, very well.
Ron Nersesian: Well, we cannot make any specific comments with regards to M&A. The one big question that was asked before was Keysight is a good operator as you've seen what we've done in Agilent and the question was can we also do that effectively with M&A on inorganic activities. And I think we've shown that we can integrate companies very, very effectively. We can retain the key management people, and we could generate orders and accretion. Of course, we would not do an acquisition if we couldn't get to at least 15% return on invested capital. So I think this is another proof point besides some of the smaller proof points that we don't talk about that shows that we can be very effective at creating value through organic or inorganic activities.
Ron Nersesian: The core communications excuse me the core communications orders were flat for the quarter and I'll let Mike talk a little bit about the trends.
Ron Nersesian: And Charles, our overall strategy is, is really played out in the numbers Neil was just talking about. Our overall strategy is to move from hardware centric products to software centric solutions. So in doing that we are seeing the percentage of our software business we'll be driving that up further and further. Second we'll be moving to more solutions which includes not only software but includes a lot of services from John Page's groups. But on top of that we are migrating and migrating as quickly as we can from manufacturing to R&D and that's something that we stated back as early as 2013 and we've made great progress on that where R&D is our number one market as Neil pointed out.
Ron Nersesian: Hi Richard, you're very astute. That's exactly what we saw. If you look at our forecast, and we do a monthly forecast, actually we do a roll up every couple of weeks. But if you take a look at the forecast month by month for the sales organization, we were on the first month of the quarter on the second month of the quarter and off by $20 million in July. So that really adds up to what we're seeing. It's not all Brexit; we see Russia and Russia being weak in aerospace/defense and a general malaise in Europe. And as I did point out earlier, every region grew in orders with the exception of Europe. So we feel very good about our business and our competitive position, but we do deal with the economic situations that do exists around the world, but this will not stop us from investing and making sure that we're leading for the next wave of 5G. I'm going to ask Guy to see if he wants to make any other questions -- make any other comments about Europe.
Ron Nersesian: But Richard, I'd just like to make one last comment. You can see our operating margin up 20% at this revenue level, and I think we have done a pretty decent job of managing to a solid operating model. And if the revenue goes up, our incremental look pretty doing good, and as we've commented that they're 40% when our growth rate is above 40%.
Mike Gasparian: Yes. This is Mike Gasparian. Let me give you a couple of comments about 5G. I'm really pleased with our position in 5G. The headlines would be we're seeing really strong growth. We've got a good solution set now and we're really well-positioned for the long-term. From a growth standpoint, our orders have more than doubled over where they were last year at this time. The timelines and the investments are accelerating in the R&D space. There's a lot of catalysts in the market that are causing that acceleration, and I think Ron covered those in his comments. We've a good set of solutions now. There's a lot of millimeter wave solutions that are needed for trials and deployment. And just in general, we're seeing that the 28-gigahertz frequency being a primary area where trials are being done. This is going to require major retooling at all of our customers and there's a lot of new challenges associated with millimeter wave. Channel sounding reference solutions. There is a big challenge in over-the-air testing, massive MIMO applications. Even the new signal optimizer or software that Ron talked about, that's all about people evaluating, calibrating 5G candidate waveforms. So kind of the bottom-line out of whole thing is we're extremely well-positioned for the long-term, we've got good focus on R&D. The fact that we’ve got Anite in our portfolio allows us to deliver much more complete solutions. And then, in regards to Modular, just I'll add a couple of comments in there. Our momentum really continues in Modular. It's important to remember, we've got a good combination of both PXI and AXIe components. I think we're outperforming the markets we're up double-digits again this last quarter, and we're building out our portfolio. So in the past we've done things like that. The PXI vector network analyzer continues to exceed expectations, but a lot of new products this quarter we introduced high-performance [BERT rate][ph] tester that's really going after 400-gigabit research applications in data center interconnects. Lots of other parts of our portfolio get impacted by things like the new PXI 18 slot, third-generation chassis that has super high bandwidth and that plays really into anything that's got multi-channel applications. So that's just that's not only 5G, but it gets us into variety of other aerospace and defense applications. So let me stop there and see if that covered your topic.
Mike Gasparian: Yes, Ron this is Mike Gasparian. I will take that. No, overall the communications ecosystem is soft. If we look at it from a manufacturing capacity standpoint, I think there is plenty of capacity there for devices, the same thing is true, lot of digestion that had to happen in the supply chain, and then certainly, we virtually every week, every month you see more consolidation in restructuring particularly in the chipset area. So those are the factors that are kind of keeping it on the soft side. On the really on more of a positive note, I've seen a very disciplined capital allocation model coming from most companies where a lot -- a lower emphasis is being put, you might call it muted investment in 4G and LTE and more emphasis and increased investment in 5G as well as high-performance wireless LAN technologies, the backend of the ecosystem is very strong and healthy data centers, optical network connections, other things just R&D is strong across the board, good strength in China, and we've got great partnerships with key players all around the world throughout the entire ecosystem and that's leading to a lot of very strategic design wins for us.
Mike Gasparian: Hey, Patrick, so this is Mike again. We're really still in the early days, this is pre-standard phase of 5G most of the engagements are very strategic working with customers, trying to understand their most challenging problems associated with, that's the new millimeter wave frequency. So it's going to be, we really thought 5G was going to hit mainstream in 2019, 2020. We definitely seen that accelerate. I think it could start to become more significant for us in may be 2018. But between now and then it's more about strategic wins and alignment with key customers so you're viewed as a solution provider of choice.
Mike Gasparian: So I think we covered a lot of the trends. We've talked about the overall market remaining soft. I kind of highlighted a few areas of supply chain issues consolidation, restructuring. I think the big strength we're seeing is in the R&D phase. It's all about new technologies, very selective investments by customers in various 5G technologies, high-performance wireless LAN technologies, data center technologies, optical technologies. So those are the areas where we're seeing strength, there is big investment in the China chipset companies and we've got partnerships with a lot of those companies that that end up playing into the communications ecosystem as well.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We've talked about a $25 million cost reduction program that was announced at the end of Q2 last year, and we said that was a two-year program, and we are materially it's not totally complete, but we are well on our way to having fully realized that $25 million worth of savings. And then, there was another $20 million of cost-related synergies that come out from Anite and it was those synergies that are pretty heavily backend loaded. So we're very much on track with Anite to deliver those synergies. We've given some of the work that had to be done that was going to be backend loaded, so that was $20 million run rate at the two-year anniversary of the Anite acquisition.
Neil Dougherty: I would just add that if you look at where we are now versus where we were at this time in the 4G cycle, we are much better positioned than we were before, we are much more focused at working to bring the right solutions to market, we're confident in our progress and our operating model is intact, I mean had to turn that into cash.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so the -- on the one end you are correct, the warranty doesn't reverse but it was a one-time entry to adjust the overall size of our warranty accrual which is now lower because of our improving quality of our instruments. So just generally speaking our warranty costs are less than expected and so you will see a benefit going forward but there was a one-time benefit in Q3 to adjust the size of the warranty liability. Going forward, as we look forward to next quarter, so the sequential, the sequential deterioration is really due to that. We believe our gross margin performance continues to be very strong. We continue to see a larger and larger portion of our revenue come from R&D solutions and from software solutions which tend to have higher gross margin so we're very pleased with the trajectory of gross margins within the business.
Neil Dougherty: You asked the second part of your question was about semiconductor and I think we're really seeing strength in a couple of areas there. So first of all there is a broad effort within China to go after the semiconductor market spaces, big investments that are happening in China that are driving strength in our Parametric Test business and across some of our other solutions gone to semiconductor as well. And then just generally speaking across the boundaries, there is a migration to smaller and smaller chip architectures and as they migrate to those chip architectures they can drive demand for our products as well.
Neil Dougherty: Well we've sized our software business about a year ago, it was north of $300 million prior to the acquisition of Anite and Anite added about an additional $100 million to our software business, so that gives you an idea of the proportion of our business is coming from software. The only thing we've said publicly about the proportion of our manufacturing versus R&D business is that we have kind of jumped it, the threshold where R&D is now the larger portion of our business greater than 50%. And we did that little over a year ago as well and continued to make progress in that area so that it doesn't move terribly quickly but we continue to migrate more and more towards software solutions. So I would also note that the Anite business which we acquired a year ago this week actually was almost exclusively sold into R&D type application so that helped to drive that balance as well.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So let me address some of those questions. So first of all, with regard to kind of the back half of 2016 calendar year 2016 and beyond, obviously, we will only provide guidance one quarter out and so you can see what we provided there. If you take a look at the midpoint of our guidance that implies of about a 3% decline in our total business for the year, which we actually think is better than what the total markets achieved. We think the total market this year was down mid-single-digits. As we look forward, we talked about the softness we're seeing in the Communications, and what we're seeing in Europe. With regard to aerospace/defense, we're relatively -- we expect to see normal kind of cyclicality with regard to the aerospace/defense business in the U.S., which tends to peak around government fiscal year ended September. We have seen some softness in our offshore aerospace/defense clients. I think, over the longer-term, I'd point back to the next generation technologies where we're seeing continued and rapid growth we believe we're well-positioned to win in those markets, and those are the markets that are going to drive overall growth in the business when the broader market recovers. So we believe, we are well-positioned, and we have an operating model that enables us to deliver strong profitability in a variety of economic conditions as evidenced by the 20% operating margins that we developed this quarter.
Neil Dougherty: Yes I think our OpEx trends are more or less are in line. We basically have been maintaining our R&D investment on a dollars basis. You can see as our top-line has been moving around our R&D investments have been pretty stable, and that's intent with us maintaining our investments for the future and basically not overreacting to short-term perturbations in our market, but making sure that we're making the investments that we need to make to drive growth in the future. And similarly on the SG&A lines, I think, you shouldn't expect any material change there.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I would just point you back to some of the numbers that we put out there right we think the market in 2016 is down mid-single-digits. We don't -- we're not going to call an uptick until we see it. That being said, as we look forward we see the softness in comps, the softness in Europe, we're incorporating that into our market outlook, but it's hard to know when things are going to turn around. We built the business model that is designed to deliver strong profitability whether we recognize in our markets kind of move in plus to minus 10% band and you see that in the profitability that we're generating today and looking over the long-term, we do see pockets of the market focused around next-generation technologies that are growing very well. 5G, the new semiconductor process is 100-gigabit looking forward to 400-gigabit. And we really like the way we're positioned in those next-generation technologies, so when markets recover again, we'd like to hand that we have and we like where we are positioned.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so the warranty benefit was spread across the other businesses, all businesses and no one business did proportionately benefited from that. I think you're seeing basically the favorable mix of products that were sold in that business -- on a business that had a pretty strong revenue performance for the quarter as well.
Neil Dougherty: Historical financials for that business, which you are available on the website, you'll see there is some volatility around profits, but there have been several quarters over the past couple of years where the profits have ticked up to this kind of level, driven by top-line, driven by mix.
