Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello everyone. We delivered an exceptional top line quarter as we continued to execute on the strong demand we see in core areas of our business. Given the impact to the quarterly seasonality of our revenue due to the disruption from the wildfire, I will comment today on both our second quarter and first half results. For the first half of 2018, we delivered 8% core revenue growth, a year-over-year core operating margin incremental above 40% and 11% EPS growth overall. In addition, first half orders grew 30% in total, or 13% on a core basis, enabling us to exit Q2 in a strong backlog position. As expected, we saw a significant revenue ramp in Q2. We reported Q2 non-GAAP revenue of $999 million, which was well ahead of our guidance. This brought our revenue for the first half to $1.9 billion, up 25% year-over-year, which includes a 2 percentage point favorable impact from currency. Looking at our operational results for Q2, we reported gross margin of 60.3% and operating expenses of $399 million resulting in operating margin of 20.4%. We reported net income of $158 million and $0.83 in earnings per share on a weighted average diluted share count of 190 million shares. Moving to the performance of our segments, as you may recall, our Communications Solutions Group, or CSG, was the business most impacted by the wildfire disruption. Total CSG revenue for the first half was $956 million, up 11% over last year, while delivering gross margin of 61.3% and operating margin of 19.3%. In Q2, CSG delivered revenue of $536 million, up 27% year-over-year, driven by 5G-related R&D spending across the wireless ecosystem, early investment in next-generation 400-Gig and PAM-4 network test and strong 27% year-over-year growth in our aerospace, defense and government end market. Our Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, or EISG, generated first half revenue of $458 million, up 11% from last year, gross margin of 60.3% and operating margin of 22.7%. Q2 EISG revenue was $255 million, up 16% year-over-year, driven by automotive and energy and general electronics measurement, while revenue for our semiconductor measurement solutions was in line with Q2 of last year. As Ron mentioned, second quarter ISG results were impacted by our extensive integration efforts. ISG reported Q2 revenue of $90 million, gross margin of 75.8% and an 8.4% operating margin loss. We have resolved many of the integration issues and expect ISG will deliver solid profitability in the second half. In addition, our annualized cost synergies will ramp to the committed $40 million run rate in Q3. Lastly, Services Solutions Group, or SSG, revenue grew 11% in the first half to reach $224 million, while delivering 40.5% gross margin and operating margin of 15.5%. Q2's record services revenue of $118 million grew 15% year-over-year and was driven by double-digit growth for calibration, remarketed solutions and repair. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended our second quarter with $784 million in cash and cash equivalents. We generated $111 million in cash flow from operations in the quarter and $282 million on the half, as the significant Q1 timing-related reductions in working capital linked to the fire recovery began to balance out. In Q2, we invested $34 million in capital purchases, bringing our free cash flow for the quarter to $77 million and $224 million for the first half, which represents 12% of revenue and 88% of adjusted net income. As we outlined at our Analyst Day, our capital allocation priorities are to reinvest in our business to drive profitable organic growth, to delever following the acquisition of Ixia, and strike a balance between future M&A and return of capital. Consistent with these priorities, in Q2, we repaid the final $260 million of the $540 million pre-payable debt that was put in place to fund the Ixia acquisition and we actively repurchased stock during the quarter under the $350 million share repurchase program we announced in March. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 770,000 shares at an average price of approximately $52 per share for a total of $40 million. Now turning to our outlook and guidance. We expect third quarter revenue to be in the range of $942 million to $972 million and Q3 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.82, based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 190 million shares. While we do not typically provide full year guidance, building on our positive momentum and our strong backlog position, we now expect to deliver full-year core revenue growth in the range of 7% to 8%, which is above our prior estimate of 5% to 7% and we continue to expect to deliver a 40% core operating margin incremental for the full year. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: With regards to the margin question, I think we were encouraged by the 20% plus operating margin that we put up here in the second quarter as well as the strong incremental that we have on core growth. I think if you look at the puts and takes, obviously there was a bit of an unfavorable mix shift with the relative weakness in ISG, obviously a strong gross margin business while at the same time we were seeing great strength in our core business. I think the other thing is we’ve emphasized in the past the importance of our flexible operating model and the flexible nature of our cost structure. A core component of that is obviously the fact that 100% of our employees have a portion of their pay that fluctuates with business performance. The formula is linked to both organic growth and operating margin both of which were obviously at high levels for Keysight compared to historic averages. And so we did see a significant increase in our variable payouts in the quarter which was expected and it provides an opportunity for our employees to align themselves with our investor base and sharing the upside while at the same time providing us great protection on the downside. At the same time, we’re investing to obviously continue to make sure we maintain a leadership position in core technologies around 5G and Automotive.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, just relative to guidance, again I would say that it’s really a story of some puts and takes, right. On the positive side, we were expecting the shipment recovery from the fire disruption to carry into Q3. We were able to accelerate that and obviously pull those shipments into second quarter. That coupled with the order strength in the core, the third consecutive quarter of double digit order growth in the core, we’re obviously net positive even relative to the guidance that we put out. On the flipside, Ixia, we had expected some softness and some slowing of the incoming order rate as a result of this significant integration effort, but the ability to ramp sales back did take longer than expected, so there was some downside there relative to what was baked into our guidance.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, we continue to deliver a 40% core incremental into the third quarter and we’ll do so for the full year as well. Obviously in addition to Ixia, we have the Scienlab acquisition. We also have currency which is helping us on the revenue line but is more or less profit neutral. And so you need to take into account the impact of currency when figuring out those incremental.
Neil Dougherty: You’re correct. We had obviously taken into account the impact of the integration, investments and effort that we were going on. The ramp back to volume took longer than expected. And so we did have lower revenues here in the second quarter than was baked into our original guide. As we look forward, as Ron has already mentioned, we have a very strong funnel entering the quarter. We have many of the issues that we run into are now behind us. The business is ramping back towards normal. I would say we’re cautiously optimistic as we look forward to Q3 that things will return to more normal kinds of levels. I think as you look at Q3 or at kind of the gap in revenue in Q2, some of that will be lost and there’s some potential that some of that will be recovered.
Ron Nersesian: Well, first starting off with our overall visibility, we’re very encouraged on two fronts; one, by taking a look at not only the orders that we have but the funnel that we have and then on top of that the backlog that we have built up in the past. No one knows what’s going on in the economic situation but we do believe when you look at our growth rate that we’re doing a very good job of gaining share and leading in positions such as 5G and Automotive. So that looks very good. I also will comment that with Ixia, although we had to invest a lot this past quarter to make sure that we had all the systems in place and consolidating 28 sites and absorptions of roles, I’m very encouraged to see the funnel start that we have in the beginning of this quarter.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. Well, again just to repeat, we invested significant resources obviously to try to bring our systems together because our job was to integrate the businesses and get to the cost and revenue synergies sooner. And in particular, we moved Ixia on to Keysight’s Oracle ERP system. We went ahead and changed or integrated the forecasting processes, procurement processes. We set up customers where we’ve set up over 90 different customers on brand new contracts which we had to negotiate one by one obviously starting with the bigger customers. And we also changed our manufacturing location where we moved contract manufacturers, and on top of that trade and logistics processes change. So all that took a little bit more time than we thought, but we are on track with the cost synergies. We’re also on track with the revenue synergies. A matter of fact, as I had mentioned, we’re seeing a lot of technology sharing and we saw some of that just come to fruition, for instance, with the Anite acquisition that Satish has been working on in CSG. And we’re at the beginning elements of that seeing that start to work also in Ixia as we just had our Keysight Technical Conference, the biggest conference that we have every two years, and we brought Ixia and the Keysight classic folks together to do that. So we still feel very confident in the revenue synergies as well as the cost synergies, and I’ll let Neil talk to the overall model.
Ron Nersesian: And I’ll just add one more point with regards to the funnel. The funnel was the highest that it’s ever been inside Keysight for the Ixia business, and it’s been – it’s the highest looking back seven quarters and that’s just as far as we’ve looked back. And April is off to a good start. So that’s what gives us the confidence in our outlook for Ixia.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll turn this over to Mark Wallace, our leader of sales. But as you can see from our results, we saw strong double-digit growth in three of our four main businesses. So that makes us feel very good. Now obviously aerospace, defense was very solid as well as commercial communications in the Communications Solutions Group as well as looking at total EISG and looking at total SSG. But Mark, why don’t you give a little more commentary please.
Ron Nersesian: Toshiya, that’s a great question. We have a very broad-based business inside of China. So there are aerospace, defense customers but also commercial communications customers, automotive, semiconductor, et cetera. So we have a pretty broad-based business and that makes a really nice structure. We did see as we had reported double-digit growth in China this past quarter. I cannot speak for the political landscape on what will happen there but it is broad based and I believe that they need us as much as we need them. So we’ll hope that that works out fine on the political side, but it is a pretty broad impact that we have all across segments.
Ron Nersesian: And for most customers a lot of times what – the way that some of these potential issues could play themselves out is it takes a look at where the products are shipped from. And most of our products shipped from overseas, from Penang, Malaysia. So that may or may not have a more subtle impact to any type of sanctions that do come up.
Ron Nersesian: And that’s one of the great things that we really appreciate about Keysight is that we play on the wireless side and the wired side. We play on the physical side, whether it’s on copper or fiber. We play on the hardware side and the software layers up to the top. So we’re really looking at this overall communications ecosystem and other ecosystems in our markets and that provides diversity for our business and provides more earnings, let’s just say stability for our investors.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll just add a couple more points. With regard to our margins, we are committed to the 40% incremental. And although we could go higher than that, we want to make sure that we stay on the leading edge. That is the secret and the key to this business and we’re going to continue to invest while providing the shareholders with the type of returns that we have discussed. There is no doubt that we more software is being entered into the mix of our products with higher gross margins, but then again we have services which are also ramping and we had a record quarter for services which have lower than average gross margins. But overall we’re focused on the customers, making them successful, providing end-to-end solutions, a little bit more software in services and delivering a 40% incremental. Thank you, Rob.
Ron Nersesian: And obviously as we see longer-term contracts, this will help us to provide a greater annuity to provide more dampening on the bottom line.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Yes, it really follows what Ron just said. Strong order results across all geographies and segments as we already know in the third quarter in a row of double digit core order growth. I see continued strengths in 5G across both wireless and networks especially picking up in the second half with some of the deployment from the network operators that have already been announced. Aerospace, defense is seasonally stronger for us in the second half and with the U.S. budget being signed, we’re expecting to start seeing some of that funding flowing probably toward the fourth quarter for us. And then our growth strategy around Automotive and energy continues to yield great results six quarters in a row of double-digit order growth. As Ron mentioned in his opening comments, the Scienlab acquisition is really an important and strategic one for us as we move into other parts of the business, including the OEMs. So it really is broad based across all regions and it really is aligned with the focus we’ve put around our growth initiatives.
Mark Wallace: This is Mark. Just to add one thing is that we’re engaged deeply with both the Chinese customers as well as the multinational customers in China and these are industry leaders and we are – as Ron mentioned, it’s not just within one segment but multiple segments. And the semiconductor growth, that’s been investing in China over the last couple of years and will continue for the next three or four years, represents a lot of opportunity for us. So I think that diversity is a very important part of the equation as well.
Mark Wallace: Sure. This is Mark. So as I mentioned earlier, our growth initiative is really well on track, six consecutive quarters of double-digit order growth. And it’s really being fueled by the investments being made and really the raise for autonomous driving, electric hybrid vehicles and connected cars. What we have announced too, we mentioned this at the Investor Day as well as over the last couple of quarters calls, that we’re establishing automotive solution centers in several regions to help further strengthen our customer connectivity in our solution development. The one that was opened in Detroit is up and running and it’s doing very well. We plan to open another center in Shanghai, China soon and we have plans for another one in Japan as well. So this is just a further articulation of the commitment and strategy around automotive. And as I mentioned before, the acquisition of Scienlab has really allowed us to expand our solutions into the battery and charging infrastructure space. We’ve won some business already in Q2 and we expect to see that continue especially as the OEMs invest more heavily in R&D along with the overall supply chain. So I think in general we’re seeing the continued strength. As far as the semiconductor, it really serves all industries. So it’s hard to do a compare there, but it is something we are continuing to be successful in. And as a reminder, we have a pretty diverse portfolio of solutions into semiconductor from nano-positioning tools, to wafer test tools, to general test and measurement products as well as services. So that’s another key area. And again it feeds into all of the other industries that we service as well.
Mark Wallace: Sure. I’ll take that. This is Mark. So I think the budget being signed back in April has alleviated a bit of that pent-up demand. We had a strong quarter. Again, the third quarter in a row of double-digit order growth and that was before any of the funding really started to flow from this year’s budget. That takes time to work through the appropriation process. So a lot of that was the pent-up demand. But really I think what I look at is the underlying driver for this is the investments that are being made around the world and especially in the U.S. to upgrade technology for information warfare and as well as the continuing shift of the prime contractors to be outsourcing more of this work. So the strong demand from the U.S. government and contractors as the budget moves its way through that process, we’ll start to see some of that upside occur again towards the end of the U.S. government’s fiscal year. And again, the encouraging thing is we see strengths outside the U.S. as well, again, around the same things; investments in solutions for EW, information warfare, radar and et cetera. So I would say it’s more about that than pent-up demand which I think has more sustainability to it over a longer period of time.
Mark Wallace: So this is Mark. No, there’s really – there’s no indication that we’re seeing any sort of cycle. As Ron already mentioned, our funnel for our Ixia products is very strong. The same is true on the core products as well. So we’re continuing to build momentum. And the exciting thing is now we’re seeing growth in other parts of our business as well, including software and services. We introduced PathWave and we’ve gotten our first order for PathWave Analytics. That’s a brand new platform. That didn’t exist before Q2. So this is going into a new set of customers with contract manufacturers and ODMs and we’re going to continue to build on that going forward. So I think the investment cycles that we’re seeing with the early R&D and 5G with the early stages of what’s happening with automotive as well as other technologies that are feeding into the connectivity across the world are going to continue to give us opportunities beyond FY '18.
Mark Wallace: Sure. I’ll talk to about a few parts of it. Again, it was a record high quarter for us with services. And then if you look at the components of our services business, really all of them were up at the same time. Our calibration revenues were up. A lot of that growth was driven from our Liberty Calibration labs that was part of an acquisition that we had last year. So that’s doing very well. Repair was up. Our professional services were up. And a lot of the professional services are tied to our equipment sales as we provide start-up assistance for more and more of our customers as they deploy more complex solutions. So there’s a close tie there. And as has been the case for some time, our remarketed solutions continue to be very strong. We have the right mix of inventory and we’re seeing continued demand from some of the same end user segments such as wireless for our remarketed solutions. The last thing I’ll mention here too which is the strength that we’re seeing today from the solutions and product sales should help us fuel services sales in the next year to two years. So that’s also an encouraging part of having services growth now and then going into the future.
