Ron Nersesian: Sure. If you take a look at Q4, our 5G orders were over 50% – had 50% growth. And for the year, it was in the upper double-digits north of 50%. So we continue to see very strong 5G demand. We're winning business that we didn’t win in 4G by combining not only the new innovations at Keysight, but also combining those with innovations from Anite and AT4 wireless, which is why we did those two acquisitions. Aerospace defense, while for the year the orders were roughly flat, accelerated and had 20% growth in Q4. Now if you remember Q1 of last year, Q1 was very light. So we would anticipate strong order growth for aerospace defense in Q1. We also see an accelerating picture in overall commercial communications, which includes 5G, where we saw a double-digit growth in the quarter. Our automotive and energy growth initiative had 18% growth in Q4 and over 20% growth for fiscal year 2017. And we think that that is another long-term trend. And the last thing that I’ll mention is modular. So when you compare us to some of the other players in the industries, our modular growth for the year was – for orders was 18%, and it even accelerated, where Q4 was over 20%. So looking at all these factors when you look at 5G, when you look at commercial communications and other wireless, if you look at automotive and energy, if you look at our progress in software, if you look at our building modular base, that’s why we feel very confident in guiding for the half. Also, you probably have noticed that we built up a good bit of backlog and we’ll be burning that, burning bunch – a bunch of that backlog off in the first-half. Yes, we’re going to shift our seasonality. Q1 will be a little lighter and Q2 will be a little heavier. But we’re very confident with our backlog and our market positions that will be able to meet or exceed our half one guidance.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. Well, first of all, we had a lot of calls from our customers asking what they could do to help us, which was very rewarding and we’ve gone out and talked to all of them. When you’re talking about $100 million shift, you’re talking about two weeks worth of shipments for our company. It’s not that big. It’s not that big in the grand scheme of things. But we have worked with every customer. We’ve realized exactly when they need their products. Most of them are getting them and the ones that aren’t, we’re basically prioritizing for folks that could accept products two to three weeks later. So we’re in. We feel very comfortable with that. Also as the incoming order rate has been high, as you’ve heard the 11% organic growth for the quarter and you see our market position and our ability to win over the competition, we feel very strongly about the guidance and our ability to preserve customers.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. Well, thank you, Stanley. First of all, obviously, if the tax reform does go through, which I think everybody expects, it will go through in one form or the other. That would make a very, very large percentage of our cash accessible to us at the exact same tax rate or very, very close. So we’re excited about that. That gives us more leverage. That’s been one of the things in the longer-term that makes it hard to give back cash to our investors in the form of share buybacks or in dividends. But that constraint will be released. Our first priority is to delever roughly $550 million after the acquisition of Ixia. We’ve already delevered by hundreds of millions of dollars. We’ll continue to meet our commitments and do that, but this opens up the opportunity in the future to have a Board decision on how and – if and how we return cash to the shareholders.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. I’ll start with the end. No, there’s no change to what we had said about EPS growth. Overall, for the year, for 2018, we expect there to be no net impact at all from the fire. But just to put it in context, we had 119 employees who did lose their owns. So it has been a pretty big effort here, and we had to make sure that our employees not only tended to the company, but also could tend to their families. But right now, we already have 90% of our Santa Rosa facility – operations facility up and running. And that’s only a fraction of the total manufacturing that we have in the company. We have to do some cleaning and calibration of some equipment and things like that. But we’re very pleased to where we are. We’re actually ahead of where we expected to be at this point.
Ron Nersesian: And if you take a look at the total effect, as Neil said, we’re going to ship less in Q1 and more in Q2. Outside of that, there may be, we’re talking some roughly $30 million that may linger into Q3, but our goal is to obviously make that zero. We’re not saying that, we can do that yet. We’ll make sure that we can get that done before we’d make a public commitment. Also, just let you know, we’re here at the Santa Rosa site right now during this conference call with you. And it’s great to see all of our operations people here and really charged up at helping the company and how fast we’ve been up. We have hundreds of machines here. And every single one of our machines and everything is, there is no damage to them that we found. So things, we’re very pleased with how things have progressed since the fires have stopped.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Good question, Patrick. First of all, let me just make a statement. First, when we went ahead and we said we were going to get to that 8% growth for services, we anticipated doing acquisitions to putting capability in certain areas and then to leverage that new capability and quickly expand and grow. What we found is that the acquisitions that were out there with the prices and the prices demanded by the companies that were selling really did not provide a good return to Keysight shareholders. So we’ve decided to build some of that capability as opposed to buying the capability and just adding to it. It’s a much better return for the shareholders, but it will take a little longer to get to that numbers. But I’m going to let John talk a little bit about the progress that has been made and what he plans to do.
Ron Nersesian: Let me just also put that into context. Overall, with Keysight, we remain committed to the model that we talked about before. We talked about in September of 2015 and three to four years getting to a 4% growth and 40% incrementals. We see a very clear path to get to that model early and deliver that in FY 2018. As you know, the four quarters of – in the four quarters of FY 2017, our core growth accelerated from 2% to 4% to 7% to 11% core growth. And with all of that, there are some puts and takes. Some of the growth initiatives are running a little bit harder than we expect most of them, and we’re able to make up for that that services gap.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. I mean, our order growth was very strong across the board in the fourth quarter. We saw order growth across all geographies. We saw order growth across all of our end segments. We saw a pretty strong rebound in aerospace defense, Ron mentioned that in his script, 20% growth –the order growth in aerospace defense, which offset the sharp decline we saw earlier in this fiscal year. We saw a very strong growth in 5G, a very strong growth in modular software growth.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, auto and energy, semi orders were up. Commercial communications, it was a very, very broad based across virtually all end markets, all geographies, very strong end markets. And we really feel, it’s driven by our strong market position and really the decisions we’ve made multiple years ago to identify these market opportunities and invest.
Ron Nersesian: Nice thing about this is, these aren’t things that happened just by chance. These are literally the programs that we put in place. The growth initiatives we identified three years ago that we focused on, as well as the sales and marketing programs that we focused on and that’s where we’re seeing very strong results.
Ron Nersesian: Well, I think a lot of the modular business is also in the wireless business or 5G and even 4G. And our strength and our differentiation in the wireless area from our decades and decades of expertise helps us solve problems that we will say some other companies may get stuck with. And when we go head-to-head, we win a very, very high percentage of the time. So we’re starting to see modular in that area, but it’s not at the expense, where we’re losing one box solution sales to the point where we’re not getting any growth. When you add them together, we’re still getting a 11% organic growth in Q4. So we’re very pleased with that. What’s happening is, some people are trying to move towards 5G or wireless, and we were moving towards modular and we’re clearly winning.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. So I’ll let Mark talk about the budget process and where we are and what it needs, but we’re very pleased with the 20% order growth in Q4. Obviously, if you look at where the compare is for Q1, we expect to see some nice growth numbers in Q1. But I’ll let Mark talk through the budget process that leads us to be very confident in where we are.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll just add that, as Neil mentioned, the Malaysian tax issue, we believe our case is very, very strong. And unfortunately, with the Malaysian government, the way that it works is you pay upfront before you have your day in court, if you will, where – which is not the case in other regions of the world. So if it works out the way that we think, we could see a reversal of that cash position.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll just say in the semi test side, we saw double-digit order growth, which was very good. It’s funny. It’s very hard to predict. We always say, oh, this is the last quarter we’re going to get orders and we keep hitting double digit numbers. But again, when you look at it as a total of our business, it’s less than 10% of our total business. So we have the ability to buffer that a bit. I’ll turn over to Mark for some other comments.
Ron Nersesian: And we also got some new solutions that are going in for, let’s just say, at a lower price point for a slightly lower performance point that we never had before, which makes us very competitive for others trying to come in and take that business.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. I’m going to turn this question over to Gooi Soon Chai, who is on the phone with us from Asia and runs EISG.
Ron Nersesian: Thank you very much, Jason, and thank you, everyone, for being on the call. But the best thanks go out to all the employees that have worked very hard to get us in this position, where we have production flowing and that we have generated record orders for the company in over $1 billion record gross margin for the company, as well as 11% core growth. We’re very pleased that the direction and the position of the company right now, and I wish you all a great day.
Neil Dougherty: You did see a 440 basis point increase in our gross margin in FY 2017. Now some of that was driven by the addition of Ixia, which is obviously the high gross margin business. But we also saw a favorable mix shift within the core business, driven by the types of things that you’re talking about, not only the increase, the above average growth rate of our software and modular businesses, but also the continued migration of our revenue towards more of our customers R&D labs and away from their manufacturing line. So I think, you are seeing that already, and I think you will continue to see it as we move forward.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, I don’t have a ton to add, maybe just a couple of comments. So first Id just make note of a statement that I made in my prepared remarks about modeling a 17% tax rate for the first-half of the year. And that’s based on the integration work we’ve done for Ixia to-date, and that is pre any tax reform. And so we’re already ahead of where we expected to be with regard to taxes post the acquisition of Ixia. As Ron has mentioned, the biggest benefit we see from the potential tax reform is the access to capital that it could provide. Obviously, the reduction in the U.S. tax rate that’s being proposed to approximately 20%. We see as being net favorable for growth and should have a positive impact on our end markets, but the biggest direct impact for us is access to capital. The number one priority will be to hit the approximately $240 million from incremental delevering that we have to do. We’ve got a plan in place to do that with or without tax reform, and then we can talk about the priority there. We then begin to start return cash to shareholders.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, as it relates to guidance, at this point, we don’t have any significant concerns about our ability to get product to customers. Again, we’re working actively with them to communicate to them what our delivery schedules are like and we’re working to accelerate recovery from the production disruption as quickly as possible. I think, as you look at the first-half, we expect to be mostly whole by the end of the first-half. There are some small lingering amounts that carry into Q3 in terms of catch up, but those numbers are relatively small. And then certainly by Q4, we’re back to normal seasonality. So we really see the disruption is over the next three quarters, but really what you’re seeing is primarily a shift from Q1 into Q2 with some small amounts lingering into Q3 and back to normal by Q4. It is not right now impacting incoming orders in anyway. And as Ron has said, our customers have been very, very gracious, I guess, and asking what they can do to help us through this period of difficulty.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So a couple of comments. So first of all, as you look at FY 2017, or excuse me, Q4, you’re right, our cash – our free cash flow was lower in the quarter. And the primary driver of that was this Malaysian tax payment that we need to bake. Again, we’re continuing to actively dispute that. We believe the facts very much line up favorably for us and hopefully that will ultimately be resolved to our benefit, but those things can take time. I think, as you look forward to FY 2018, first of all know that cash flow conversion is an area of focus for us. We will continue to see some additional pension funding requirements as we move forward. I think, the other thing that we will continue to be a bit of a drag on cash flow, at least, through the first-half is the remainder of the Ixia integration. And as we look to realize the synergies associated with that acquisition, again, we’ve committed to deliver $10 million per quarter by Q3 of next year and we’re on track to do that. But there will be some cash costs associated with recognizing those synergies. I think once we get beyond that, we’re going to be in a much better position to start converting profit to cash flow in a more aggressive fashion and narrowing the gap between our overall levels of profitability and cash flow.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Thanks, Rick. We deliberately didn’t break down the guidance for the first-half between core and non-core. The reality is, we’ve got an awful lot of moving pieces more so than usual here as we move through the first-half. We’re very confident in our ability to get to that first-half number that we put out there, but we haven’t broken it down any further. I think, as you look at the full-year, as Ron mentioned, we see a clear path to get to the long-term operating model for the year of delivering 4% core growth with 40% incremental. And so, as you think about the year, I think, we expect to do at least that well, but we haven’t broken it down here for the first-half.
Neil Dougherty: Last quarter, we talked about the relative market weakness that Ixia was seeing. And to some extent that is continuing. That being said, Q4 was better than what we had modeled into our guidance three months ago for Ixia. So, yes, at the margin, things are a little bit better than they were three months ago for Ixia. And they tend to be seasonally very strong in the fourth calendar quarter, and so we’re going through that period right now. But we definitely haven’t seen any deterioration of the Ixia end markets over the last two months, if anything they’re a little bit better at the margins, but we have an awful lot of backlog over the course of the last year. We feel like we’re very well-positioned going into the end of the fiscal year, especially on a core basis, where as you noted, orders have grown to 11% the most recent quarter.
Mark Wallace: Yes, and this is Mark Wallace. Just to add to that, we’ve gone through all the industries as was noted a 11% core order growth with positive order growth in every single region. And when you start to look at the breakdown of customers, we saw double-digit order growth with our largest customers. These are the same industry leaders that we’re engaging with early on developing new solutions. And by the way, these engagements are sustaining when we start down a path around some new technology development. It creates additional opportunities for us to continue to work with them. So our largest customers were up 20%. And as you may recall, earlier in the year, we put an emphasis on our capability in digital marketing and increasing our front-line sales capacity. So our smallest customers, our emerging accounts and the long tail of customers was also up double-digit during the quarter as well. So just to reiterate what Neil said, our results are very strong and well-balanced.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Hi, Brandon. So, we had a very strong Q4 20% order growth. And this was predicted back in the early part of the year, as we saw the change of administration. So it really happened the way we thought it would. And where we find ourselves today, as we all know, is we’re waiting for the budget to be signed if the deadline is coming up later this week. So that means there’s a high likelihood. There will be a push out, a delay, which means probably some continuing resolution probably into the first couple months of the next calendar year, because it doesn’t allow for new program starts, it may have some short-term impact. But again, we’re operating on last year’s budget as part of continuing resolution. And it’s very likely that a budget will be approved in 2018 probably for multi-year and it’s believed with bipartisan support that it will include a sizable U.S. Department of Defense increase, which is beneficial to Keysight because of our strong position in the U.S. DOD. So, what I’d summarize is that, we have very strong customer relationships in this segment. We have a leading position with new technology development and deployment like electronic warfare that Ron mentioned in his opening comments. We have a very robust funnel. And therefore, our outlook over the medium and long-term for aerospace defense is very strong.
Mark Wallace: Yes, just – I’ll just add to that. The blistering growth that we saw in the first-half from a lot of the fabs building capacity and upgrading their process for a lot of the products that are shipping now with smart devices, smartphones, they’re moving into a production kind of mode versus the investment. But as we’ve spoken about, I think, many times on these calls, the opportunities in China with the indigenous semiconductor capabilities are very strong, and we’re continuing to see those. And the other thing to remember is that, our solutions set into the fabs is pretty diverse. Everything from nano positioning tools to parametric testers to general purpose. So in services as well, we’re selling a lot of managed services to these organizations as well. So the outlooks continue to look pretty good.
