Neil Dougherty: Yeah. So this is Neil. I'll let Guy comment on kind of our view of the markets going forward. But I think as we look at our performance in FY 2015, and our expectations going into FY 2016, that your statement about stronger second half is accurate. We obviously had a relatively weak Q3, a softer Q4 than normal giving us relatively easier compares in the second half of FY 2016 and then some headwinds here as I mentioned from macro as well as the aerospace defense situation coming out of Q4. So I'm going to let Guy comment more broadly on the market situation.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. So the answer to your first question is, yes, we captured all of the Anite revenue within the Communications segment in terms of our industry segmentation. And Guy Séné is actually heading up the integration of Anite. So let me allow him to take the second part of that question.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. [ph] James, as we think about that, the effort to grow the services business is not necessarily analogous to what we're seeing on the product side. These aren't R&D-driven programs. And so, while there is some investment that is involved, it tends to be smaller in scale than you would typically see on the product side and also it tends to be more directly linked with the revenue opportunities that are there. So you got to have some capacity ahead of demand. But I don't think you should see a material fluctuation in the profitability of this business moving forward based on the investments that are required to grow the business.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. Hang on one minute if you would. Give me one second. I did not break it out. I have those numbers but unfortunately, I don't have them off the top of my head. Do you have a second question while I [indiscernible].
Neil Dougherty: The $12 million is for the full year but it's consolidated in the first half of the year, because essentially you defer revenue but then that deferred revenue gets amortized. And by the second half, the amortization of the revenues that we've deferred in Q4, Q1 and Q2 will have caught up and we will essentially have gotten back to normal.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. And on your other question, it's between - sorry, on your other question, the currency impact's between 1% and 2% and the balance is acquisition.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. So in the first quarter I'd just reiterate that our core growth assumption is down 1%. Our total growth assumption is up 3% but that delta is primarily driven by the addition of Anite which obviously wasn't in the year ago numbers.
Guy Séné: Yeah. Brandon, you may remember on September 1 at the Analyst Day, we gave forward-looking numbers of expectations for each of the market segments that on the long term was around 2% to 3% for our market growth, with comps being 1% to 2% and the two other segments, Aerospace, Defense and ICS being in the 2% to 3%. We also had said that we'll see fiscal year 2016 on this lower end of this, with average of 2% market growth for 2016. So as I think we said in Ron's prepared comments is that we still see this 2%. The market segments themselves are - the one that is probably slower in the first half is aerospace, defense. We have seen a slower Q4 in Aerospace, Defense, mostly driven by our budget - the end of year budget that we usually see from our government in the U.S. spending did not happen. This will mean a slower Q1 for Aerospace, Defense. The other markets [indiscernible] very well aligned with the expectation for going forward in this year.
Guy Séné: Yeah. Remember with Anite, what we're doing is really strengthen our wireless solution portfolio and expand our served addressable market. And now with 13 weeks into the acquisition for Anite, I must say we're very pleased on the overall integration. All the milestones that we have set so far being on track. We see good engagement on both sides from the employees, working on the plans. We're currently aligning our roadmaps and portfolios, so that we are completely ready to communicate this by Mobile World Congress in February. And I must say all the communication and discussions we have with customers are going extremely well. So we are very pleased at this stage.
Guy Séné: This is Guy. No, we don't have specific CapEx numbers different from any of the reports that you get commercially. I think what we look at is really the new technologies. If they're going to go into the sub 20-nanometers and probably sub 15-nanometers pitches that we see happening. And we expect some of this to be happening later in the year that you may know we have a big market share with some of our products in this industry.
Guy Séné: Yeah. Let me comment on China in general. As you have seen, we said that China stabilized and in fact we had a slight cost in Q4. And it's now the fifth quarter where we have seen the stabilization going forward. There is no doubt that one of the delta we got with last year is the fact that we did not see the revenue from the 4G infrastructure build-out as it came down over the year now. Going forward, we're not expecting major investments coming into 4G. We're still looking for the operators like China Telecom, China Unicom that are investing in the this 4G network but we have not seen any material change in investment into infrastructure. So I'm not really counting of this going forward in this year.
Guy Séné: Sure. In fact, two things. One is, in the normal seasonality that we see year-over-year, we in general see a boost of investments coming up in our Q4. Most these orders that where the government is just choosing to budget that they have. This did not happen this year, and you may have seen that in fact, the whole fiscal year, we had unusual seasonality for the budget. So that's really what happened. Looking forward, we're still waiting for the budget to be signed, and we expect that the budget in the U.S. gets signed in the next two weeks. And once this is or will, this will be signed, we should start seeing the orders flow in more in the [indiscernible] Q2.
