Ronald S. Nersesian: Thank you very much, Jason and hello, everyone. To start, I have three headlines to share with you regarding Keysight's Q3 results and our recent acquisition. First, despite challenging market conditions, Keysight delivered solid profit and cash flow. This was the sixth quarter in a row that we delivered financial results at or above the midpoint of our revenue and EPS guidance. Second, our strategy to grow in wireless communications and software businesses took a major step forward this quarter when we announced the Anite acquisition and closed it two months ahead of schedule. Third, our fiscal year 2015 guidance reflects our revenue and operating profit overperformance in Q3 and a slightly improved outlook for Q4. Now, let's move to the specifics of Keysight's performance. We had a strong profit performance despite a challenging market environment. Our operating discipline enabled us to perform better than expected in orders, revenue and profit. Q3 orders were down 5%, primarily due to two factors: Greater China and currency. Core orders, without currency and acquisitions, were down 1%, largely due to weakness in Greater China. While this is not desirable, it is a noticeable improvement from the Q2 core order decline of 8%. Q3 revenue, driven by weak orders in the previous quarter, was down 12% or 9% on a core basis. As we anticipated this result, we used our flexible operating model to generate non-GAAP EPS of $0.55, which was $0.11 above the midpoint of our guidance. Neil will discuss the balance between flexible spending and one-time benefits for future modeling. As this is the sixth quarter in a row that we delivered results above the midpoint of guidance, we feel very good about our operational capabilities as an independent company. Strategically, our focus remains on addressing the customer needs of the faster growing market segments in electronic design and test. Our first area of focus that we outlined over one year ago are realizing solid gains. Wireless communications, modular instrumentation and software solutions. In fact, we accelerated our efforts in both wireless communications and software by announcing in Q3 our intention to acquire Anite. We closed the transaction just last week, two months ahead of schedule. Anite is the leading supplier of test and measurement solutions to help customers develop software and optimize performance in the wireless communications market. This acquisition expands our solutions offering in wireless R&D design and test specifically into the software layer for design and validation. Coupling Keysight's expertise in helping customers design and test hardware, with Anite's leadership in helping the same customers design and test software, we can now provide customers with the most comprehensive wireless solutions for both the hardware and software layers. Anite also has a Network Test business that brings innovative solutions that help deliver an outstanding experience for mobile users in the network. The Network Test business expands Keysight into an adjacent market and increases our overall served addressable market by about $500 million. We are excited to have the talented Anite team join us as they bring a new set of skills, capabilities and opportunities to Keysight. Anite will provide $0.14 to $0.17 of accretion in FY 2016. It will also deliver at least 15% return on invested capital by year five. In addition to Anite's contributions, we continue to make progress on our growth initiatives. In wireless communications, we recently announced 5G collaborations with NTT DOCOMO in Japan, and KT in South Korea, and we joined the mmMAGIC project, a European Commission 5G effort. These early 5G collaborations add to our growing list of engagements with market-making customers, consortia and universities. In modular, Keysight's PXI and AXIe modular business continues to generate very strong growth year-over-year, driven by new products and our success in the Wireless segment. In summary, despite a down revenue quarter, Keysight delivered better profitability than expected in Q3, and we see a slightly improved outlook for Q4. This contributes directly to our full year guidance in which revenues are expected to be in the range of $2.84 billion to $2.88 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $2.38 to $2.52. At this point, I will turn the call over to Neil to provide details of Keysight's financials.
Ronald S. Nersesian: I'll let Neil talk about the cash position, but our appetite is strong. We're looking to grow and have the absolute strongest portfolio in the wireless communications market, the aerospace and defense market and the industrial markets. So we're looking and we will continue to look for strategic acquisitions. The one thing that I want to make sure is that we integrate any acquisition effectively. We deliver on the synergies and deliver on the return on invested capital. So that's our first priority and after that and once we are convinced that we could do that and take on another significant acquisition, we will follow up. But at this point, we're not willing to give a timeframe until we see progress on the Anite acquisition.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. I'll let Guy give you some color commentary, but as we mentioned, our core orders were down only 1%. All regions were up with the exception of Greater China. So that gives us a very good perspective and that's a substantial improvement from what we had seen in Q2. And Guy, I think you may want to give some more comments.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. China has been roughly flat for us for the last four quarters with very strong compares versus the four quarters below that. But what we've seen is that business level out roughly in the $130 million per quarter range with regard to orders and revenues. So the declines, we haven't seen them much since then in the last four quarters, as we've been pretty flat. Most of that is in wireless communications, but they also do have an Aerospace Defense business that we sell into. We do not sell the highest-performance products which are basically only allowed to be sold to certain countries, but for the generalized Aerospace Defense business, that also plays into China.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Neil had made that comment, and that's for the electronic design and test market that we play in. We've seen that market grow typically 3% to 4% when we look on a longer-term basis, but given where it is now, we see the market growing roughly 2% next year.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No, that's the overall market that we're talking about which is roughly the $12.5 billion for the addressable market that we have.
Ronald S. Nersesian: No doubt. And for our growth rate, obviously, we have been doing pretty well in keeping up on a core basis during this last year and even at the end of the year before and then we have Anite on top of that on an inorganic basis.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Well, the biggest issue is Rohde & Schwarz is a competitor that is based out of Germany and they may have a little bit more ability to price more competitively, but we've had a very active program during the last year to reduce our discounts and that has paid off well and that has been a contributing factor to our gross margin improvement, that continued through last quarter. So we will keep an eye on it, make sure that we're competitive with our non-U.S. competitors, but so far so good and that's why we really have gone to work on discounts, on cost improvements, on product models and as well as moving our mix, less from manufacturing to more into R&D which as we reported before, the last time we reported publicly is over 50%. And as we move Anite into our numbers, that will increase that percentage even further as they are more strongly biased towards research and development.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yeah. I'll take that question. This year I mean you can look at all the competitors and seeing what's happened during the last 12 months. We see it roughly flat, now again, when you look at the public numbers that exist for the public competitors, we look at the test and measurement portion of Danaher, we look at the test and measurement portion, for instance, of Anritsu, don't look at their total numbers, but look at the markets that we play in. And then we use a third-party source when available to try to fill in some of the smaller competitors. But during the last 12 months, it's been roughly flat.
Ronald S. Nersesian: It's really the forecast, we do a bottoms-up forecast in our sales organization; we do a bottoms-up forecast in each of the divisions that are out working with customers on big deals. We look at the size of our funnel and we look at our direct channel as well as the funnels from some of the business that we've converted from indirect in the U.S. to direct, and all of those come together in a forecast and where we're glad that we've seen an increase in that forecast going forward. As you know, we also build backlog in Q3, which was very nice.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. While market conditions remain relatively soft, we've delivered to our operating model as well as focused on transforming our company to grow. We will continue to leverage our unique formula of technology-leading hardware and software and our large global network of experts to create value for customers and shareholders. In closing, I remind you that our inaugural Keysight Investor and Analyst Meeting is on September 1 in New York City. We look forward to sharing more details of our long-term plan for value creation and providing you a better understanding of Keysight's strengths and market opportunities. I hope you can join us. Thank you very much, and have a nice day.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah, the – as we look at our integration plan, not surprisingly, there are a few things that kind of you get quick wins, but then a large portion of the integration plan takes time. Our focus with the integration is really on making sure that we continue to generate the growth that Anite has generated over the past year and we want to continue that trend. So there's a relatively small portion of those synergies will be realized within FY 2016. That $20 million will be really the run rate that we will achieve two years from now.
Neil P. Dougherty: Not surprisingly there are opportunities kind of up and down the P&L. Typically, we will do our best to eliminate duplicate costs, but you will see cost savings in the admin functions as well as in gross margins as well.
Neil P. Dougherty: And then with regard to the split of our onshore and offshore cash generation, I think the important things to note there is the $600 million purchase of Anite was entirely with offshore cash so that would be a reduction from our offshore cash balance. And then going forward, we generate cash – our cash is generated approximately 75% offshore and 25% onshore.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. The ratio, obviously, shifts significantly towards the U.S. but we don't have a large U.S. cash balance. I don't have the number in front of me right now, but it's between $100 million and $200 million is the rough number.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. So first of all, with regard to the one-time benefits that we saw here in the third quarter, we do an annual true-up of our U.S. benefit costs. It's essentially we accrue expenses based on actuarial estimates, as there were things like workman's comp, disability and medical and then we do a true-up once a year to essentially reconcile between the rate at which we were accruing and actual experience – and our actual experience over the course of the last 12 months was favorable relative to the rate at which we had been accruing. That's not something that you can count on going forward. It only takes one or two events to flip that the other way. So we believe we accrue over the long-term at the right rate, we just had a little bit of good luck over the course of the last 12 months. And then with regard to your question about the costs associated with Anite and delivering those synergies, if you review the 2.7 document, we do talk about kind of integration cost – total integration costs including both the costs necessary to generate those cost synergies as well as some potential IP transactions totaling $100 million. That was what was shared in the original transaction documents. We now believe that, that number would max out at $80 million again and that would be really over the course of the first couple of years you'd see those things – that, that money's spent.
