Ronald Nersesian: I’m going to turn it over to Mike Gasparian. The other question that comes up is whether or not we see any change in aerospace defense spending based on the election results and our take is that aerospace defense spending will increase based on the US election results. I’ll turn it over to Mike who will tell you a little bit more about some of the questions you asked.
Ronald Nersesian: I’ll make a general worldwide comment and then I’ll turn it over to Mike for a little bit more of the detailed color. But, we don’t see any specific catalyst at this point. Budgets, outside of leading edge technologies, remains weak but we do of course see increased spending and focus on leading edge technologies such as 5G. We’ve been focused on that and we’ve brought a lot of new solutions to market and as a matter of fact, we mentioned really leap frogging the competition with our 110 gigahertz spectrum analyzer or signal analyzer.  So, the story remains the same, we see leading edge technologies where money is being spent. We see it being pulled in a little bit on 5G and we’re strong there. But outside of that we see things being weak such as 4G spending. We certainly have seen a roll off in that over the year. 
Ronald Nersesian: I’ll add if you take a look at our growth rate versus the competition, you can see that we’ll feel very good about our ability to gain share and our market position is much stronger than it was a year or two ago.
Ronald Nersesian: We believe that we’re very well positioned in some of the high growth environments. In particular, we see more investment in R&D than we see in manufacturing and our strategy for years has been to really focus on R&D where we see higher margins and more stability in the business. The other thing is it really plays to our strength of being a leading edge technology player so as we bring out leading edge technologies that no one else can match, that gives us a real advantage in being able to grow and to gain market share. The biggest thing that we see is 5G. There is no doubt about it that 5G has a very, very broad coverage all up and down throughout the communications ecosystem and it’s been playing very well for us. The other thing that’s a growth initiative that it’s not so much a market issue is services. We have had a focus on services and this past quarter we had very strong order growth and we also, for the year, had 9% order growth for services in our service business. We’ve had many successes that in our multivendor calibration service business. So, overall 5G is one very, very big effort. I’ve already mentioned aerospace defense where with the new administration we anticipate there being a ramp up, although it will be probably slow in the beginning to the aerospace defense business, and then on top of it, our competitiveness not only in 5G, but across our electronic industrial market and our services business.  But, we do remain cautious on the overall market outlook because you can look at the rest of the players in the industry and some of the customers that we serve, how their business are going. But again, we have been focusing on the part that has been growing the most which is the R&D environment for leading edge technologies.
Ronald Nersesian: We don’t comment on the future roadmap. If there is something that we want to comment on, we would go ahead and put it in a press release such as we announced previously that our breakthrough in high performance digital oscilloscope technology in getting to the 100 gigahertz mark with very, very strong signal integrity and high performance. So, that is one thing that we’ve commented on but other things we won’t comment on.  But, we feel very good about our solutions roadmap and their increased market position. We really see that we have gained share from the competition and from our efforts that are really starting to just take stride. We see over the next couple of years being able to create some moment. 
Ronald Nersesian: First of all, you’re largely correct, we saw good bookings here in Q4 but had been in a relatively softer backlog position entering the quarter. So, first of all we keep the exact same process going into Q1 as we have used previously. We look at our existing backlog, that backlog is scheduled out from a shipment perspective so we know what portion of our backlog is shippable in Q1. We then look at our order funnel and make some assumptions about how incoming orders are going to convert to revenue within the quarter.  The one other factor, which is a change from this year, in fiscal 2016 Chinese New Year fell at the beginning of Q2 which quite frankly is a little bit better timing from a business perspective than where it falls here in FY17 at the very tail end of our Q1. So, we’ve certainly factored that in to our guidance, although I will say it is another factor that impacts predictability for the quarter. So, we’re highly confident in our ability to fall within our range, but that timing of Chinese New Year, depending on how shipments move, there’s very little time to recover if things happen differently than we’ve modeled them.
Ronald Nersesian: We’re not giving any new specific guidance or I would say information except that year-over-year we did see double digit order and revenue growth for modular. 
Ronald Nersesian: We have a blend. There’s no doubt that what we’re doing is we’re focusing on getting our organic growth up like we mentioned at the end of last year and that continues to be a real focus for us. We’re doing that obviously by shifting more of our expense to R&D and to direct feet on the street to sell and we’re very pleased with our progress. But also, we’re looking at market segments that are adjacent that could actually be something where we could create value for our shareholders and increase our overall growth rate.  So, we’re looking at both organic and inorganic but ROIC is clearly one very, very strong measure that use to make sure that we can get a great return on anything we do that’s inorganic.
Ronald Nersesian: We’re very, very pleased with the progress that we’re making and again, as you know, when you invest in R&D sometimes it’s a 24 to 36 month investment before the product even hits the market and then a product ramps from there and has to go through a customer’s buying cycle so you don’t always see it in the quarter or even the fiscal year in the actual result. But, we are very pleased with the path that we’re on and the results that we’re getting in at this point. As far as taking it further, right now we’ll be talking a little bit more about modeling but we are slowly making sure that we can get the right returns on the investments that we have before we’re going ahead and trying to invest even more heavily. 
Ronald Nersesian: As you look at our year numbers, we delivered 19% operating margin while increasing our R&D spend by going ahead and being more efficient in our manufacturing by increasing our gross margin as well making other tradeoffs in the OPEX lines. 
