Ronald Nersesian: Brandon, one of the good things is that a lot of our growth initiatives there are hitting on all cylinders and continue to break the records. 5G is the area that is -- has grown triple digits as we had talked about, and it continues to be very strong and very strong around the world. And that feeds into our commercial communications business, which is also very strong as we reported our revenue for overall for China. That was a bit of a surprise how strong that was, but our services business, for instance, has grown double digits throughout the year. On top of that, our automotive business has grown very strong. So when we look at, for instance, revenue growth of CSG of 23%, we see also EISG at 21%, SSG at 10%. All of those are doing well, but EISG and SSG driven primarily from commercial communications and automotive seem to be strong. There's is no doubt that we do have a tough compare compared to with this last year, which the performance was so much better than the year before, but we actually see upside to that 4% to 5%. And Neil, feel free to go in and to add some more color to that.
Ronald Nersesian: And again, if you look at our growth initiatives, services, automotive and software all grew double digits in orders. And the only exception was 5G, which grew triple digits. So that momentum continues to be strong, and that's why we're raising the outlook relative to street consensus going forward for Q1.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Well, let me just start and say, overall, although we have at a record year, all is not perfect. The Ixia integration has become a bigger job than we had thought it originally. We're making excellent progress, but it's taking longer than we originally thought. And we have a -- we've a multifaceted plan to go after this. One, we put new leadership in place with Mark Pierpoint to lead that group, and that's working out very well. We've completed our transition and integration to a new sales platform that will help make sales much more integrated and also share on the information to really accelerate our revenue synergies, which are starting to pop up with Satish in our general Communications Solutions Group. We've seen improvements in our order flow, in our funnel conversion throughout the quarter. And as we reported, we had mid-single-digit growth for ISG in orders this past quarter and double-digit growth in orders sequentially. But we are consolidating the CM supply chain, and we're transferring about 75 products and major products, I should say. And although they're not new products, it's a whole new process that we're putting into this CM. And what it will do, it will improve the quality and lower the cost to provide great performance in the long term. So that's what's going on. We still have a lot of confidence in the business. We recently introduced new solution, the AresONE solution for 400 gig, it is the denser solution to go ahead and to address this need. Compared to the competition, it's very, very strong. So we're excited about that. And now, I'll turn it over to Neil, who could talk a little bit about the guidance and the financials for Ixia.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Well, first of all, I just want to say as you said, people of the company should be happy. We just sent out a note that our employees have variable pay based on their performance, and they're receiving record of bonuses for this record performance during the last year, and there is nothing that makes me feel happier than to be able to share this success with all the employees that are working very hard. Second, with regard to the growth initiatives, one of the things that we looked at when we set this up roughly four years ago was to look for a secular growth trend that last at least a decade and typically two plus. And that's what we're seeing in 5G as well as in commercial comps, and we're seeing it in automotive with ADAS, et cetera, and these trends are going to go on for a long period of time before you see automotive get to Level 5, and there is plenty, plenty of opportunity for us as this gets implemented and safety becomes extremely important and there are multiple technologies that are utilized. 5G, it's the same thing before that gets implemented around the world. A lot of times we forget and we think of how fast The U.S. is moving or how fast, for instance, China is moving right now and other countries. The world is much bigger and nobody -- there's many, many countries that will utilize this technology, that will not see it for many years, but we're starting to see some countries that will be seeing their first rollouts very soon. So we're really excited that you'll see these growth initiatives and what we have going on for another decade, at least. And again, we will also look as we continue to build those out to add more, but right now there is such a opportunity and a gold mine in these applications, we're focusing and it's providing us the growth that we had promised and then some as well as the earnings growth, which is our ultimate job.
Ronald Nersesian: And it's probably worthwhile to note that orders overall were great -- was greater than revenue, and we built backlog again in Q4.
Ronald Nersesian: We're committed to doing two things. One, providing a 40% incremental and two, reinvesting in the business for growth. So as long as we continue to see opportunities there, as we see upside, you can count on a 40% incremental and you can count on us doing everything we can to grow the top line and bottom line even further.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. It's a great question, Peter. The first thing that's probably not apparent is that now what we see is our A&D business in China as a relatively small portion of overall China sales. It's less than 15%. So most of the business that we see there is commercial comps, and we see some general purpose products, but so 85% is nothing to do with aerospace defense, which sees the, let's say, the more short-term pressure. So that's the first answer, and I'll let Satish make some other comments about his aerospace defense business.
Ronald Nersesian: We got a huge buildout last year, wherein about 17 different foundries in China were formed and that created a nice base or let's say, a healthy compare. But what's also interesting is that we built backlog in the semi business this year, we built it also last year. So things are pretty reasonable there.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. I think, Mark Wallace, Head of Sales, can give some initial comments, and then Neil will follow it up with the financials.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. I'll let Mark talk and some of the information we can tell you and other stuff we're restricted to share, but Mark will be able to share what we can at this point.
Ronald Nersesian: And John, we don't expect there to be another one. We looked at that, and we're -- we feel very confident there will not be another.
Ronald Nersesian: No, we feel very good about where we are. Would we have liked to have had more output? Yes, there is no doubt about that. There was some component shortages that did not help at all. But overall what we have forecast and what we have guided, as you know, we beat our guidance, met or beat our guidance 16 out of 16 quarters and that includes everything that we see at Ixia. So we feel pretty good about that. And Satish, it may be worthwhile to say another comment or two with regards to Ixia and what you're seeing again.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. We're seeing upper 70s gross margin and operating margin around 20% is where we're planning to get it back to. And of course, we're looking for ways to go even further than that. But that's where we plan to get it to, and we're looking for all types of ways to continue to improve the quality and to lower the cost. But first, we're just making sure we get the flow right and making those other improvements in parallel.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I think, Ron, you hit it. I think we feel like we're at the front end of the number of secular themes that will continue to provide growth opportunities for us moving forward. As you mentioned, Brandon, the 2018 growth will provide some tougher comps for us, particularly in the back half of the year. We're weighing that with the strength we see in our growth initiatives with some potential headwinds in China as well as in semi. But all in all, we see some upside to the 4% to 5% long-term growth target that we put out there for the company, and we feel we have a broad portfolio of solutions and selling to diverse set of end markets, and believe, we're well positioned across that entire space.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, Ron, I think you covered it pretty well. I think, as Ron mentioned, the contract manufacturing transition has taken us longer than we expect, but we would point to the strong order growth rates that we saw in the quarter. And you mentioned revenue synergies, I think, we can point to Ixia's success in China, particularly at some of the bigger customers that have been strongholds for Satish's commercial communications business and the winds that we're getting there as evidence that we are getting revenue synergies in this business. So I think as we look forward, we remain confident in our thesis and that as wireless -- as 5G rolls out and wireless and wireline converts the ability to provide end-to-end solutions across communications ecosystem by bringing these businesses together in the end is a winning strategy.
Neil Dougherty: It's a great question. Thank you, Vijay. I think from a gross margin perspective, we do not see big differentiation as we look to the different geographies around the world. The biggest differentiator we see on the gross margin line is whether or not we're selling into an R&D lab for an R&D solution or selling into a manufacturing line once production has begun -- once volume production has begun. Obviously, the overwhelming majority of our 5G sales at this point are still in the R&D phase. Satish did reference last quarter that we had gotten our first manufacturing order, but again that's really around the edges at this point. What was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, sales. Yes, the sales OpEx. There, I would look to reference the initiative that Mark Wallace has to double our number of direct frontline sellers. That's a multiyear effort that we are undertaking to essentially increase the capacity of our sales force and ultimately drive the top line. I'll let Mark make additional comments. Obviously, there will be some additional expense associated with that, but you can think of it as kind of continuing into operate within the current operating model on a percentage basis, maybe get a little leverage.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Happy to do it. So just a couple of comments as it relates to subsegments within EISG. As Ron has already indicated with regard to automotive, we really believe that we're in the front end of a multiyear rollout of next-generation auto. And so we just don't see any reason to believe that the growth there is going to subside anytime soon. The 2 other segments and they are obviously semiconductor and general electronics. The general electronics business is really extraordinarily diverse set of business. It's probably the most tightly linked to the overall macro environment. And so there is no one single driver in that business, but as long as the macro economy stay strong and electronics in general, are doing well, we'll continue to generate strong revenues in our general electronics business. And lastly, semiconductor, we've been cautious about semi for several quarters in a row. We did put up really strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter, but orders in the fourth quarter, as we expected, were down in the fourth quarter. And so we are expecting some softness in the semi piece of our business going into next year, but I would remind everybody that semi as a part of Keysight is substantially less than 10% of our overall revenue.
Neil Dougherty: If I was just going to add to your point on margin, if you look at, take, Q4 financials, for example, we -- what we saw was 30% order growth and 10% revenue growth and it's -- but we pay our commissions based on orders. And so we're very happy with the performance of our services business during the year and during the quarter. Right now, we've got expenses that are some extent leading revenue because of the outpaced order growth during the period.
Neil Dougherty: I would say, at this point, they're independent issues. We did the transition of Ixia onto the Keysight ERP as well as the transition to the new contract manufacturer, both of those were executed during the Q2 time frame. At this point, the ERP issues are largely behind us. We're continuing to, obviously, work to stabilize the contract manufacturing situation. As Ron mentioned, transferring 75 complex projects into the new CM, putting processes in place to improve quality, reduce cost. We're confident in our ability to get this done and to come out the other side, but it's taking longer than we expected.
Neil Dougherty: We haven't put a time line on it. We're continuing to work to resolve issues. We're making progress every quarter. We expect that progress to continue, and we'll keep working on it.
Neil Dougherty: Well, we obviously took a step backwards here during the fourth quarter and -- but we are singularly focused on improving both the top line and bottom line in this business. Ron mentioned that we have a multifaceted plan of attack and so that is still the objective is to get this business into the teens level of operating margins as soon as practically possible.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Well, I'd start by saying that obviously the noncash goodwill impairment charges, it does not change our confidence in ISG and the business and our strategy about bringing networking and wireless together within Keysight. We do -- we view ISG as a very valuable asset within our portfolio. That said, in conjunction with our annual financial planning processes and our annual review of our asset base, we did take the goodwill impairment charge really driven by two primary factors. The first is that the test and visibility markets have really seen moderated growth rates since the time of the acquisition relative to our expectations. And at least as we look forward, we expect those moderated growth rates to continue for at least a period of time. Second factor is one that we've talked about in the past. Obviously, we did have a bit of a disruption to our revenues in the second quarter of this year as part of this contract manufacturer transition. And as we talked about that, that transition is still ongoing. To answer the second part of your question, we don't believe that we're going to face any additional impairment, because we have, again, the multifaceted plan in place to improve this business. We are getting traction in the marketplace. Ron talked about the increasing sales velocity. We talked about the ability -- the driving orders with the new 400 gig ethernet solution, the new 5G solution, we got a new Wi-Fi solution coming out in the spring. And so as we get these new technologies to market and we have the opportunity to combine the capabilities of Keysight and Ixia together, we believe that we can generate value with this asset.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We don't guide our businesses specifically. But particularly at the Keysight level, we have obviously difficult comps. But at Ixia level, we have some easier comps, and we expect Ixia to be a growth business for us in FY '19.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Clearly, on one way you look at 5G as a wireless standards evolution, but it's really causing the entire communication block diagram to be reconstituted or transformed. And that transformation is occurring end-to-end, you start with devices, the entire memory system start changing and then you go into the cloud and the core network side, there is fundamental shifts occurring there. Our ability to sort of keep pace with the needs of the entire ecosystem is a big differentiator, and you can see that in our continued momentum of 5G orders in the company. We are into -- in conversations with lead customers today, because of the fact that we have the entire 5G stack end-to-end. We don't have to look elsewhere, we can look inwards and provide the complete solution for the ecosystem. So I continue to believe that getting this entire capabilities together will keep the momentum for our 5G success going for some years to come. Thank you.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Overall, I'd say, aerospace defense had a record year finishing the year at close to $800 million in revenue and sales. And as you pointed out, China is a small part of it. We saw some softness in China as anticipated specific to the aerospace and defense application, but it was more than made up for -- to the strengths we saw in our commercial comps business.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. As I said, semi revenues were very strong in the quarter, but we did see a softening or a slowdown in the incoming order rate during the quarter. The two drivers, as you mentioned, were the -- moved to smaller process architectures as well as to the general fab buildout that's happening in China. But semi orders were, in fact, soft during the quarter.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Ron, thanks. One of the things that we're seeing is as we are engaging with customers on 5G and you talked about our triple-digit growth. What might be worth highlighting is the diverse nature of that growth. We see growth across the comm ecosystem. We've seen strong orders and adoption of our 5G platform from chipset providers, device makers, NEMs and operators. Especially when we work with operators, the challenges they face in deploying 5G go beyond just wireless and go into the aspects of the core network. It's all about the end-to-end equation. And our ability to have the right expertise, the right talent and have the right technology stack in the company is a big deal. And a differentiator of that, I believe, will play out in the next few years as 5G becomes more -- becomes real across the globe.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Ron -- this is Satish here. Yes, we build backlog for that business in the fourth quarter. As you know, the revenues for aerospace defense were up 15%. And while the orders were down for the quarter, it was down over what was the highest quarter ever for that business in Q4 2017. So the orders this quarter -- for this year were the second largest since we've been tracking this business. So the growth drivers are strong, our focus on electronic warfare, signal monitoring radar, satellite and space are all continuing to gain momentum with customers, and we anticipate growth for that business looking ahead.
Mark Wallace: Right. And just a comment, the way we're deploying the resources are where the growth and the opportunity, where the market inflections are occurring. So as there's a lot of growth occurring in Asia, in China, in Korea and other locations like that, that's where we're focusing a lot of our increased capacity and capability. So we're really focusing on a pretty surgical deployment to follow our growth strategy on increasing our capacity to support customers and grow the business wherever that may be.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Ron. Jim, we're deploying new resources continuously. And it -- yes, about six months to bring resources on board, but it's happening over multiple phases across multiple parts of our business. Last year, at the beginning of our fiscal year, we deployed the first global services sales organization within Keysight. So we've had our first year of having a focus sales organization. And as you heard from Ron's comments earlier, we delivered record high order growth during the year, 30% order growth in Q4, 22% growth for the entire year. So it is working. The other subtlety here is we're really putting a lot of focus across all of Keysight global sales on selling services, not just a dedicated sales team that sells value-added services. We put a lot of focus on upfront services sales. So that means when you sell a piece of equipment or a solution, we're selling more services upfront, and that's really helping us to drive growth now and over time, because a lot of this will be reoccurring. And then across the board, our services business for multivendor repair and cal is up, our remarketed equipment sales are up, and I think it's a direct result of us being successful with our organic services capability as well as deploying a sales organization that is capable of selling services.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Adam, I think, we've been talking about new customer acquisition for several quarters now, and we have acquired several thousand new customers overall during the course of the last 12 months during our last fiscal year. That is an explicit focus across the board, including automotive. One of the vehicles, no pun intended, we're using to find and capture new customers is putting customers solution centers, where the customers are located. A year ago, we opened up our solution center right outside Detroit. It's been very successful. We have regular interaction with both new and existing customers there. And just last month or back in October, I should say, we opened up another new center in Shanghai, China, and that complements our capabilities that exist today in Bochum, Germany, in the Bay Area and other locations. So we're going to continue to deploy this strategy, it brings customers and innovators within Keysight together and it's really working very well. The other just comment I'lI make is that the additive function of Scienlab to our portfolio is making a big difference in terms of finding new customers, especially on the Tier 1 OEM side, where we have new solutions for that particular set of customers.
