Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. Before I get started, I will note that all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless specifically noted otherwise. We delivered another strong quarter as we continue to capitalize on the broad-based momentum across Keysight's diverse end markets. For the first quarter of 2020, we delivered non-GAAP revenue of $1.095 billion, which was well above the high end of our guidance range and grew 8% on a core basis. Better than expected revenue results were driven by broad strength across multiple end markets. Orders outpaced revenue for the sixth consecutive quarter as Q1 orders of $1.141 billion grew 12% in total and 11% on a core basis. Looking at our operational results for Q1, we reported record gross margin of 65% and our operating expenses of $433 million, resulting in our fourth consecutive quarter with operating margin at or above 25%. We also achieved net income of $240 million and delivered $1.26 in earnings per share, which was well above the high end of our guidance. Now, moving to the performance of our segments. Our Communications Solutions Group generated total revenue of $818 million, up 9% while delivering record gross margin of 66% and operating margin of 25%. In Q1, Commercial Communications delivered double-digit order growth and revenue of $573 million, driven by strength in 5G solutions.  As Ron mentioned earlier, starting in the first quarter, we have aligned the former Ixia Solutions Group or ISG with our commercial communications end market and are now reporting Ixia results within our Communications Solutions Group. Aerospace Defense and Government generated revenue of $245 million, an increase of 10% and a first quarter record driven by a broad-based growth across all regions as investment in advanced technology continued. Order growth for this end market was high-single digits and we have a strong funnel going into Q2. EISG generated first quarter revenue of $277 million, up 8% driven by strength in semiconductor measurement and next-gen automotive solutions. EISG reported gross margin of 61% and operating margin of 26%. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow, we enter our first quarter with $1.69 billion in cash and cash equivalents and reported cash flow from operations of $197 million and free cash flow of $165 million or 15% of revenue. Under our share repurchase authorization, during the quarter, we acquired approximately 730,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $102.48 for a total consideration of $75 million. Now, turning to our outlook and guidance. We expect second quarter 2020 revenue to be in the range of $1.138 billion to $1.178 billion. For the first half of 2020, the midpoint of our guidance reflects 7% revenue growth or 6% core growth. This guidance incorporates our current assessment of the coronavirus impact. Given the dynamics of the situation, we expect any impact from coronavirus to simply be a push-out in demand and do not anticipate any impact on our full-year results at this time. We expect Q2 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.28 to $1.38 based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 191 million shares. The midpoint of this guidance reflects approximately 20% earnings growth for the first half of 2020. As Ron mentioned, we look forward to sharing our strategy to drive profitable growth, as well as our latest long-term expectations for the business at our upcoming Investor Day on March 3. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: I think that's right. I think the same is largely to a broader coronavirus, as I said in my comments, we believe that any disruption that we may see in the short-term that results from coronavirus would simply be a push-out in demand. We don't believe it has an ultimate impact on the absolute level of demand in this fiscal year. I think if you look at Huawei more specifically, we saw broad strength within the quarter. We are limited in terms of what we can sell to Huawei, we're complying with the Department of Commerce regulations, but even with that limited portfolio, our sales to Huawei in the first quarter were a bit ahead of where we expected them to be. I think as we look forward, however we're pretty comfortable with the estimate that we provided of thinking of Huawei as a 1% to 2% customer as we move forward from here.
Neil Dougherty: We don't look at Europe or many other regions on a sequential basis because there is such seasonality built into our customer base, as well as into even our sales force and the commissions and how that works out. So, we look at it on a year-over-year compare and that's why we've taken it modestly to 5% order growth and 2% revenue growth for the quarter.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, it's still very early days for millimeter wave deployments at scale. I would say that, you know a large part of the deployment so far subscale 6-gigahertz and still even there, there's a lot of challenges that our customers face, which is why our tools continue to be embraced and are helping with scaling up the ecosystem. The other factor I would mention here is this sort of heterogeneous spectrum environment both with new frequency bands and the higher frequency bands getting integrated is creating sort of this cycle of demand for our tools in this marketplace. So, very early days overall with millimeter-wave, and but there is no doubt that millimeter-wave will be realized just because of all the spectrum that's being put in place and the high innovation that currently the ecosystem is undergoing. Eventually there will be millimeter-wave based offerings with [time].
Neil Dougherty: And then, I will just add that, the – what we're providing to our customers are complete solutions, and that's the combination of hardware and software and the services. So, all of this is coming together around the solutions play, whether it's around our 5G or a network application security solutions, or as you mentioned the automotive solutions, that is a large and growing part of our portfolio. And I think the difference that's occurring now is accelerating is the way customers consume those applications in terms of a more of a subscription based model. So, over time, we're supporting them with updates through a renewal process or through services, which support the application that's being deployed whether it's automotive or 5G.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Hi, John. This is Ron. I'm going to give you a little bit of a long answer on this because I figure there's a lot of interest in the effects of the coronavirus. First of all, it's a very unfortunate situation affecting not only China, but we're seeing it obviously in South Korea, Italy, and other countries, including customers around the world. The situation is changing, so here is an up-to-the-minute update, as far as what we know at this point. The first thing I'd like to say is that we have a lot of sales in China, but we do not do much manufacturing at all. Over 99% of our products are not manufactured in China. We do receive about 10% of our parts or a little bit less than 10% of our parts from China, but all of this is built into what our guide is. So, let's talk about our employees. We have 991 people in China and another about 233 non-Keysight workers that help us in sales, support, and research and development. Of those 1,224 workers, luckily none have reported coronavirus cases at all. The other thing that's worthwhile to note is, if you look at Hubei province in Wuhan, they're not a big employment center for us. We have folks in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu in Szechwan Province and Shenzhen primarily, as well as some salespeople that are scattered throughout the rest of China. One third of those people are back at work already as we've opened up offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, and Shenzhen and the rest, the other 770 folks are working remotely through video conferences, remote support with remote control of instruments and giving daily reports to the sales management. So, we get a daily report on the health status of every one, the sales funnel and how everybody is doing in order to make sure we're taking care of our customers, as well as our employees. We're working through that same process in other parts of the field or in other regions, but clearly the impact in other regions is smaller and not as big of a center for us. So, let's talk about the business implications as we know it. Last quarter, we guided [$1.055 billion] in revenue and we delivered [$1.141 billion] in orders or we delivered $86 million in orders above what we said assuming a book to bill of 1%. Of that $86 million in orders, we shipped $40 million of it. So we actually delivered revenue of $1.095 billion, not $1.055 billion, but the additional $46 million we have in backlog that can help smooth out any timing delays that we would see from the coronavirus. We have guided $1.158 billion, plus or minus $20 million, and we've built in approximately $20 million worth of impact into our guide. The key point though that you should remember is that we have a good backlog situation. We have very differentiated products, and we're very confident at this point that we'll be able to make up any delays that we see in the second half of the year, therefore not affecting Keysight's performance in fiscal year 2020. I hope that helps, John.
Ron Nersesian: There's two main parts of the Ixia – what was the Ixia business, which is now our network assurance solutions, one of them is network test and then the other section is network visibility. Network visibility is a consistent grower. It was smaller, but it continues to get larger and larger, and we're very happy with that. And there we see a little bit more of a linear growth. The network test business isn't as linear; it depends on basically the build-outs that happen in our end customers. I'll turn it over to Satish to maybe add a couple of more comments, but that's the high level summary.
Ron Nersesian: The other thing I would like to say is that obviously with the second quarter of double-digit growth, we're very happy with the way this business is progressing. At first, we had to do a lot more integration work than we thought. We had to move the supply chain to ours to get basically the improvements and the synergies that we expected on the cost side and we had to enhance the quality. So that took a little bit more time than we had expected originally. However, the business and the business dynamics and where it's going in the synergies that we have really makes us excited about this business' contribution to Keysight in the long-term and our ability to provide complete workflow solutions from one end to the other.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. I'm going to turn it over to Mark. Our order growth was higher than the 2% than we reported, and revenue was roughly 5% growth. So, that's a little bit of a different picture, but Mark, the Head of Sales, will take you further.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Satish will take you through that, but I'm really pleased with the breadth of our overall customer base as it starts to go from Tier 1 to other players. And he'll talk about that.
Ron Nersesian: There is plenty of manufacturing opportunities for us in 5G. There is no doubt that our R&D presence has grown and has grown dramatically, and that really plays well to our business model, but there are a high value-add opportunities for us in manufacturing. Whether you see that with components or subassemblies, or you look at it down even on the wired part of 5G, you can't just put in wireless 5G and not be able to handle the data on the wired side. So when you look at everything from fiber optic tools and going all the way through the network, there is more and more opportunities for us especially you'll see that on the physical layer, on the physical layer back in the network. On top of that, as everything moves to millimeter-wave, it gets more complex, more difficult to do, and that's where we've been playing for many, many decades and it's relatively new to most of our competitors. So that provides us an opportunity not only to focus on areas where the cost of failure is high, but really we focus on where we can add value-add in total and generate great margins for us.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. I'll start and I'm going to let Neil go ahead and quantify the Huawei situation, but I'll just say this, the Huawei customers really like our products and solutions and they come to us and there's a good demand for those products. As we look further in the year, we have a modest amount in our forecast, but for the long-term they're looking to lead in many markets and we have the differentiated tools to help them out.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. I don't think you see any – we don't expect to have any significant changes to our capital allocation priorities. We're looking to strike balance with what we'll do, we continue to invest, to drive organic growth in the investments we're making in R&D close to $700 million per year, the investments Mark just talked about in terms of doubling our sales force.  You mentioned M&A, we have an active funnel development process, but we'll remain patient and disciplined when it comes to that, but we are out there actively looking for opportunities to add value – add value through acquisitions. And then we're returning capital as well, right? We have, I think, $335 million remaining on the authorization that we have outstanding, which is $75 million worth of stock this last quarter. And so, I think you'll see us continue to strike that balance and will trade off amongst those categories as appropriate over time.
Ron Nersesian: Thanks, Jim. I'll start off first with the coronavirus. First of all, we didn't see any impact on Q1 orders. As you know, our Q1 ends at the end of January and right near the end of January a matter of fact I was in China I think it was the third week of January. People were at that point starting to head out for Chinese New Year. So, people had planned ahead, so that's great. Going forward in Q2, we're assuming, it will hit us with about 2% or 3%, but we're very happy with our backlog situation and accordingly we've guided the revenue as we did.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Let me just make a couple of comments with regards to software. Orders grew double-digits. Revenue grew single digits, but the growth was driven a lot by our network emulation solutions and our network assurance business. The great thing is and why we see the order growth higher than the revenue growth, we continue to shift our portfolio from more and more subscription services over time so we could see more recurring revenue. And we're working on increasing our ARR, and that's not an instantaneous change, but we're very pleased with the direction that we're taking.
Ron Nersesian: Well, thank you everyone for attending. As you probably know, we're very pleased with the performance that we have. And we've seen in Q1 and we were very pleased with the long-term prospects of Keysight. And we look forward to seeing many of you next week for our annual or biannual Analyst Day. Thank you.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thanks Ron. I'll just say that the improved performance is a function of a few factors. First, it's improving market dynamics associated with the broader adoption of 400-gig Ethernet, technologies from data centers, and then solid execution both on the business and the sales side through the changes that we have just instituted.  The differentiated products and solutions that are coming out are gaining good traction with customers. On the visibility side, as Ron mentioned with network packet brokers and taps and on the test side with our [Layer 2/3 business], which is a big part of that portfolio which had a record quarter through the broad adoption of the 400-gig technologies. Looking ahead, we're really focused on accelerating synergies inside the group. As we've talked about, 5G is a big trend that impacts both wireless and wire line technologies and that convergence is really a sweet spot that we're targeting. We have started some new solution offerings in the space, for example, with the combination of RAM and co-testing, we are very uniquely positioned there. And second, we've recently launched the security testbed for 5G that does reference to Ron's transcript, which is really a combination of Ixia security toolkit and applied to the 5G technologies, which is gaining a lot of interest from customers. So, in summary, improving market dynamics, solid execution combined with this synergy utilization should position us well in this business. Thank you.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thanks, Ron. Very pleased with the results on 5G. I would say a new record as we indicated and growth across all regions and representing customers across this diverse set of ecosystems. The collaborations that we have sustained through years of work with them continue to be very strong and a foundation for the business, but we're also adding new customers as 5G scale. So this quarter, we added 40-plus new customers into our 5G platform, which has been a source of strength. One particular driver that I like to maybe point out that is – that'll play out to this year and the remaining part of this year is the adoption of number of devices that are being announced for 5G. Over 200 devices have been announced to-date. That is up 100% since August of 2019 when we last spoke about this. So that is a big driver for the ecosystem and that will continue to place as well. And finally, from an application point of view, we continue to be strong in R&D where our differentiation is increasing through the test coverage and the new features we're landing, but we're also starting to pick up wins in manufacturing as we have stated we're following our customers' lifecycle. And we've had some pretty decent wins in manufacturing for components in base stations this quarter as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. No – this is Satish here, and I'll just maybe offer a follow-through. Yes, I think the ability to serve the entire ecosystem is a huge differentiator for us. It separates us from any product-oriented competition that may come up with products. I'd give you an example. In many cases, we're working with operators. We just announced recently that we released 600 test scripts for the four U.S. operator test plans for 5G.  So, someone that wants to service these operators in that ecosystem now have a fastest way of ramping up and getting their time-to-market. So, that's an example of sort of the advantage you get when you are working with somebody that has the end-to-end portfolio. Our ability to reconfigure and create solutions with the broad capabilities we have is another advantage. I'll just give you an example again with the five-year security testbed. A number of our Aerospace and Defense customers wanted to prototype this threat environment in the lab. We were the ones that were able to provide them the solutions. So, hopefully, those help.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, hi. This is Satish. I will take it. On the Aerospace and Defense front, record orders this quarter, building on the $1 billion record finish we had last year. So, very pleased with the results so far. The budget stability in the U.S. is a big contribution factor. There is a lot of program wins that are being awarded by DoD, that’s flowing through to the prime contractors in the supply chain. Our differentiated capability combined with decades of providing solutions to the space position us well. In particular, our Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Solutions, Space and Satellite solutions are receiving good growth for us in that region. We also see a broader – internationally, a broader wave of defense modernization where people are re-tooling and upgrading their capabilities, and that position us well for the long run.
Mark Wallace: Right. So, Brandon, we have seen gradually improving business conditions across Europe. And as Ron said, revenue up 4%, 5% on orders, and we're seeing some of that come from the commercial comps side of our business. Automotive, especially advanced automotive solutions and next-generation auto and semiconductor continue to show signs of recovery. Aerospace Defense is mixed, the situation in Russia remains slow and there are some delays to some of those orders. On the other side, general electronics is an area that we put a lot of focus on not only in Europe but around the world, both from our broad portfolio of customers, as well as our education customers and we continue to see growth there as well. And then finally, the automotive business, particularly around electric vehicle, continues to expand with new customers and a strong funnel of new opportunities going forward. Some of these customers are more traditional automotive mechanical type of customers that are now moving into the electronics domain, and we are very well-positioned to support them with our solutions from Scienlab, as well as our broader offering of services. So, we're seeing improving conditions as compared to kind of the middle of last year and we hope to see that continue going forward.
Mark Wallace: I think we have multiple levers that are helping us on the gross margin line. First of all, I pointed the overall strategy to migrate towards first-to-market solutions to that first-to-market nature, as well as just the nature of providing complete solutions as opposed to tools leads to higher differentiation in the marketplace of the solutions and to have higher software content.  So, mix is helping us not only in terms of the mix of software, but the continued mix shift toward winning in R&D tends to be a higher gross margin sale as well. And notably, this quarter, we actually saw a pretty strong improvement in our services gross margins that it's a smaller business. It does have below-average gross margin in total, but we saw nice improvement in our services business. I think you see the migration toward Keysight Care, which is our new pay-for support or offering is being – is additive there as well.
Mark Wallace: Yes. And this is Mark. I would just add again like I said before, we did see some softness in certain end markets last year particularly automotive. There was some mixed conditions in Aerospace and Defense and we're starting to see some moderating trends in that respect. We're starting to see some improvements in semiconductor. We're seeing our broad-based customers and the solutions we're providing to them, shows some signs of improvement as well. So, it's trending in a more positive direction.
Mark Wallace: Sure. This is Mark; I'll make a comment on that. So, we are on track in making really good progress with doubling the number of frontline sellers across key site and next week, at the Investor Day conference, I will be outlining a tremendous amount of detail on where we stand and what our next steps are. What I can tell you is we are hiring across all regions, we're focused on where the growth is. So, we're concentrating our hires to where we see the best opportunities, and we're equipping our teams with the right tools and training. So not only are we seeing an increase in capacity in terms of just the number of frontline sellers we've deployed, but their productivity is also improving as well. So, again, stay tuned for more. I'll go through a lot more in detail next week.
Mark Wallace: And Jim, this is Mark. I will make a few more comments. I don't want to steal all the thunder from next week, but there's basically three areas that we're concentrating and deploying more selling capacity. One is, we've talked a lot about acquiring new customers and increasing our reach into the geographies to diversify and broaden our business. So, we're continuing on that. We are also deploying e-commerce as part of that as well from an efficiency standpoint. Our focus on solutions remains one of our top priorities and that includes how we sell and the value we contribute to our customers. And the third area of concentrated focus is around services and selling our software portfolio. A year-and-a-half ago, we launched a services sales channel and we continue to expand that including a focus on the renewal part of our business, which is helping to feed and grow our recurring revenue. So, again, more coming next week. I appreciate the interest.
