Ron Nersesian: First, I’ll answer the first part of your question, and then I’ll let Bethany give a couple of highlights on the breakdown between MTS and NVS. Overall, the integration is going excellent. As you know, we have an integration team; we developed a lot of expertise when we were with Agilent; and also, with our acquisitions that we’ve done here in the services group, as well as what we’ve done with Anite. So things are completely on track. We said we would get the integration done within a year and we are still on track to meet or exceed that timeline. So that’s working extremely well. There have not been any major surprises. As far as the sales force, the two teams are collaborating right now. For instance, we have a solution which is this new Wi-Fi cellular solution that utilizes expertise and product development that was done in the Ixia Group, as well as done in the Communication Solutions Group. So given that, we have sales force collaboration that’s going on, and leads being passed from one sales force to the other. And they are working on going ahead and optimizing our results, going forward. Of course, we look for ways to leverage that even further in the future. And I can’t share anything else with you right now, but I am very optimistic on our prospects. I’ll turn it over to Bethany now to talk a little bit about NTS and NVS.
Ron Nersesian: And on the profitability side, Ixia delivered its numbers and was able to deliver excellent gross margin and excellent profitability on the bottom line.
Ron Nersesian: First of all, we view the aerospace defense as a real growth opportunity for us that it's added relatively low level compared to historic levels because of the budget issues. But we see the environment in the world becoming most hostile, and the need for more high technology spending in aerospace defense to continue to increase. So that presents opportunities for us here, as well as abroad with our friendly, let's just say, partners. And we're very bullish on the long-term prospect. This quarter, we saw 2% growth in orders for aerospace and defense. And again, we saw orders that were roughly flat last quarter. So where we know that we've bottomed out and we’re also in a very good position on a lot of growth in RFPs. So we're very optimistic as that turns up, things will improve and give us some growth off of the base line that we’re at. On top of that September 30th is the U.S. ended year cycle, budget cycle and we always see some increased performance at the end of September. So we're encouraged by that. We also have a lot of business that comes from prime. So as they get involved in programs, even though it's not direct governments spending, we also will see some improvement there.
Ron Nersesian: So Rick, first of all, we didn’t make any comments around Ixia orders. So I don’t know what’s math you were doing to get to those numbers.
Ron Nersesian: Plus currently, yes. But the revenue math, I disagree with your revenue math. I think you’re underestimating what we have baked into our plans for Ixia as far as revenue in the fourth quarter. So we are -- obviously, as Bethany said, there is some market softness there. We do believe the market, this is temporary. We expect the market to return to growth sometime late in the calendar year, so likely our Q1. But we believe this is a relatively small pause in the market, relatively short pause in the market. So check your math, you’re pretty significantly understated that versus what I believe the math should say.
Ron Nersesian: So, we don’t provide it. On the call, the only other number we put out there was, in fact that I think the only other one. The other comment, I think it was a real strength for the quarter commercial communication, because we have seen some weakness in that area over a number of quarters, particularly as we’ve been in this trough between 4G and 5G. Our commercial communications business orders were up 10% this year or this quarter; so a very strong performance there than that. Those are primary breakdowns that we provide.
Ron Nersesian: That’s great question. I am going to get a chance to introduce Satish who is the new President of our Communications Solutions Group. He previously was running the Wireless Device Operations Group, which had done an exceptional job of turning around that business, and getting it to growth. And I’ll let him make some comments on commercial communications.
Ron Nersesian: I'd like now to turn it over to Soon Chai Gooi, who basically runs the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, as well as heading up all of our order fulfillment organization. And he is doing an exceptional job and has delivered double-digit order growth and double-digit revenue growth for EISG, as well as delivering double-digit order growth for our automotive business. And I'm sure he can make a couple of comments on automotive.
Ron Nersesian: So I’ll just make some generalized comments. And then obviously, there’s some industry research reports on certain areas. The bigger -- there is a couple of things. One of the typical cyclicalities and the second thing is what a really -- some inherent new growth that is coming in each area. So in automotive, we really did not play very much in that market in the past as it was in electro mechanical device. And we’re basically looking for low-tech electronics, which is not necessarily where we focus and where we add the most value. And now as it moves to basically be high speed computer with, high speed wireless signal sources and signal receivers, we’re going to pick-up on the inflection on that. We’re just in the beginning in that cycle. The second thing is aerospace defense. The aerospace defense business has been depressed since the election due to the budgeting cycle. But there is no doubt that everyone is talking about more and they have to work through that. So I don’t think it’s so much cyclical issue there. The only cyclicality that we typically see is a push at the end of the year with the September 30th end of the year cycle. Semiconductors, has plenty of reports to look at the SIA Index. We do have a portion of our business, a small portion of our business that plays into semiconductor R&D manufacturing. We will be affected by that a little bit. But again, it’s less than 10% of our overall business. So those are the major sectors that I would talk about. With the exception of 5G -- 5G, we are in the low between 4G and 5G, right now. And we’ve seen that in certain areas. You see that on the protocol side, the protocol development side. But on the other hand, 5G is accelerating and the timelines are being pulled in and that’s why we keep seeing this doubling of our business. And we’re very, very thankful that when we split from Agilent, we decided to focus and focus early and we’re in a better position in 5G than we were in 4G by a good margin.
Ron Nersesian: So let me make a couple of comments there. I think what you’re referring to is when we completed the acquisition of Ixia, we divided the business into two separate markets; a test market, which we think is growing low to mid single-digits; and a visibility market, which we think is growing much faster than that. So obviously, from an Ixia perspective -- and if you take the combined market growth rate of those, you get to somewhere around that 15% range. But for Ixia’s business, as a whole, it’s heavily weighted towards the test side. There relatively small portion of the revenue exists in the visibility space. So I think as we look forward, obviously, we have seen a temporary slowdown in growth rates. We do believe the market returns to growth early next fiscal year for us, and we continue to be on pace with regard to the synergy capture; so very much optimistic about the future.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, so let me take the first part of that, and I’ll let Satish comment on the optical piece. With regard to the profitability in CSG, I just pointed two things that we had a tough compare from a profit perspective for Q3, because in the year ago quarter, we had $6 million of one-time favorable adjustment to our warranty reserve. And obviously, we’d see achieving the largest ever businesses. They’ve got the majority of that benefit. You also have seen some increased investment in sales in our sales force as we look to capture growth. So I think those are the two primary things. Revenue is down as well, but the primary drivers of the tough compare with a one-time a favorable year ago and increased investment in the field to capture growth.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. So I wish we haven’t sized those specific buckets recently. Obviously, the general electronics piece is the largest portion of those relatively speaking semi is second and auto is third. But auto is currently the fastest growing of the three.
Ron Nersesian: So I think the most relevant point that Satish made is that this is really the first quarter where we start to see the growth in 5G outpace the declines that are coming from the legacy technologies, including 4G. So, I don’t like to draw long-term conclusions over a single data point. But I think that is significant. I think we believe we’re very well positioned in 5G. We’ve engaged early with customers. We are talking with -- we are working very closely with the companies that we believe are going to be market markers in 5G. And we’re going to capture more than our fair share of the market at the 5G as the 5G story develops.
Ron Nersesian: The technology also was not new to us. The fundamental technologies of much higher frequency, is something that we’ve been doing for aerospace, defense for a long period of time. And it is new to many of our competitors. And also, we invested early and we invested more overall. That’s the strategy of what we thought we needed to do laid out three years ago, and now the shareholders are starting to get rewarded.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll let Bethany go ahead and describe the six projects, or at least give you a little bit of color on that. And then we will see these projects make its way into our guidance as we guide each quarter.
Ron Nersesian: Thank you very much, Bethany. We have two minutes left and we have one more question. So let's move on to Stanley.
Ron Nersesian: Well, this is, Ron. In summary, thank you very much for joining us for the call. Again, I'm very pleased with our growth progress so far. As you know, we have a very diverse business and sub-segments or little pieces can be up or down for a while. But we have multiple ways to win, and that’s why we’re excited to deliver 10% EPS growth in FY ’18 for our investors. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Bethany Mayer: Just briefly, we did see some softness on the MTS side of the business, and that was primarily in the 100 Gig and below space some softness in spending there. And that has mostly to do with the network equipment manufacturers beginning focus on 400 Gig. We've been doing very well with 400 Gig this year and we anticipate that continuing into next year as we have first to market product there and very, very strong future functionality set. So even though we saw a pause in spending on the 100 Gig side of the business, the 400 Gig in Layer 2, 3 was good. Our apps and security business also did well. But overall, the test business was down this quarter as a result of 100 Gig. On the visibility side of the business, we actually saw double-digit growth there. And although, enterprise was somewhat soft, we saw very good growth in the service provider side of our business there. So mixed this quarter and just hope that gives you a little sense of what's going on right now on the revenue side.
Bethany Mayer: So 100G and those speeds that are below that, the 40 gig, 10, 1 gig, those are what have slowed down a bit at the current juncture. But what we're seeing is, I think those will continue to move along. I mean there’s nothing -- will be huge dramatic changes, but continue to move along to certain extent. What we’re really seeing though is that many of the folks that we do business with on a regular basis; so now with equipment manufacturers, many of the providers, cloud providers as well, are very interested in working on the 400 gig opportunities for products rollout, as well as potentially even network rollout. So that opportunity is beginning to take hold for us this year. We launched the product earlier this year in 400-gig. Actually, we’ve had a product now longer than that. But we would launch it earlier this year for our customer base and the datacenter space. And that has done well for us and that will continue to do well for us, going forward, into next year. So we think this wave will continue in through the end of the calendar year, as well as certainly into next year. And we’re excited about the opportunity, because first, we’re first to market but also the functionality in the optical transceiver solution that we provide, we think is superior. So overall, it is a good opportunity for us as a company at Keysight; going into next year, as Satish mentioned, it's also an opportunity for his organization; and overall, with Keysight, high speed datacenter and cloud provider data centers are absolutely a strong trend that will continue into next year.
Bethany Mayer: My comment would also be on the Ixia side, our advanced LTE is doing very, very well, very strong and good growing this year. So that’s basically what ushers in 5G.
John Page: Yes, there is actually some small impact from the aerospace defense on the calibration side of the business.
John Page: Yes, absolutely. So the services tends to be a longer cycle than the product side so you see a delayed effect. But yes, the spending in the aerospace defense market picks up, we’d expect to see the calibration business and that pick up as well.
John Page: There’s no doubt that what happens is some of the equipment can be reused, but they’re going through completely different frequencies that are much higher performance for much of 5G, and that is stuff that cannot be deployed. When you’re talking about sub 6 gigahertz and now you’re talking about going to over 50 gigahertz, those products will not work. There is some reuse, but it’s much smaller than we’ve seen in past -- than in past cycles.
John Page: I just want to add to that by saying the innovations in 4G are not done. And what we’re seeing is some early signs that some of the 4.5G features, 1 gigabit per second Narrowband IoT are you starting to kick in, providing some stability to some of the drag that we had experienced for the past few quarters. So feel good about the outlook.
John Page: As you noted, we’re still early days in terms of the 5G rollout. I think most notably, as Ron mentioned, we made the decision very early and the formation of Keysight to shift some of R&D investments to make sure we got a first mover advantage in 5G, and we’re seeing that play out now. So we can’t give you specific market share numbers. But sufficed to say, we believe we’re running in the market. That being said, there’s a number of very strong competitors in this space, and they’re not going to sit by and seed to us. So we need to continue to innovate and work closely with our customers, meet their timelines to protect and maintain the first mover advantage that we believe we have at this point in time.
Neil Dougherty: Toshiya, I’ll give you just a little bit more insight. As was mentioned earlier, the Electronic Industrial Group had order growth or core order growth that was in the double-digits. And that includes all of the sub-segments in the Group. In particular, if you look at the growth initiatives what we had outlined approximately three years ago on where we would focus and where we could get growth; the software business that we had, had double-digit; our modular business has double-digit growth. And we don’t think that make sense to report that, going forward. But I’ll just mention it casually at this point what makes more sense of the end market applications; auto and energy also a double-digit growth; and the last, which is 5G, had triple-digit order growth. So those are the growth initiatives that are driving our business. We focused around the market trends that really provide growth opportunity and we’re very, very happy with the progress. The matter of fact, if you were to just step back and take a longer term look to the 2018 outlook, we are now two years into the three to four year growth transformation that we outlined in our Investor Day in September of 2015. At that time, we also outlined a long-term expectation of 8% to 10% earnings growth. With our continued operational excellence, the growth initiatives that I’ve mentioned and the addition of Ixia, we expect to be at the high end of this range in fiscal 2018.
Neil Dougherty: I think our business model remains intact. So obviously, the addition of Ixia is net favorable to gross margins, it’s a couple of points, is approximately takes us into the low 60s from a gross margin perspective. We’ll be looking to obviously maintain our R&D investment. We do typically see, as we move from Q3 to Q4 both in R&D and SG&A, a sequential uptick. And that primarily just relates to the end of summer season. We’ve got a lot of employees that are out on SEO during the third quarter. So we get the vacation benefit as well as just general decreased spending impact from that. So you do tend to see an uptick as you move from Q3 to Q4 on the spending line. Ixia is going to be net additive to gross margin, a couple of points. So I think over the longer term, some of the other trends that we see with the migration towards software, migration towards solutions selling, migration towards R&D solutions, we’ll continue to offer gross margin upside, but that’s over the longer term.
Neil Dougherty: But it is worthwhile to know Patrick that the wireless device part of commercial communications outpaced the internet infrastructure where you see a lot of the fiber businesses. Both of these sub segments grew, but the wireless device operation pulled the weighted average up to 10%.
Neil Dougherty: We have 34 different collaborations with market makers and standards bodies to make sure that we stay in front of this opportunity, and we’re very pleased with what we’ve gotten so far.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Just to make some opening remarks, we see a momentum for our 5G business for the past year building. And I’d say that this quarter, with the tripling of orders that we saw, we feel like we’re starting to outpace the declines from legacy communications that you would typically expect in a cycle. If I fast forward, if I go back in time I should say a year ago, most of our customers in the 5G space were from research and technology OEM efforts. Where we are as an industry is pretty exciting, because now the industry is accelerating towards the 3GPP and our specification, the first version is due in December. I think we’ll make it. And then with that comes the tremendous challenge of implementing these things across the entire ecosystem; components, chipsets, devices, base stations, so on and so forth. So we’ve established, consistent with the strategy that Ron has played out, leading edge collaborations with market making customers. Customers are the front end of this technology and we’re in the game with them co-innovating in multiple domains. I would say you’d look at the challenges of 5G, it’s not just 4G times four, it’s in deforming channel modeling, bringing up the software layers. And we have a one-stop shop approach for our customers and walking them through this journey, which we’re in the pre-standard phase and the post-standard phase. So it's really a powerful story. It was still in early days, because the standards are not done yet. But we feel very good about the solutions we are creating. The other point I'll make is about how we’re doing it. We're doing this through a platform approach using our modular innovation sets that will be kicked-off a few years ago. And that's a big differentiator provide us more competitive edge as we look ahead. And lastly, I'll say the fact that we’re with the market makers and we're co-innovating with them, gives us a good run runway for our 5G business looking ahead.
Satish Dhanasekaran: I would just that the strength is pretty broad and it starts with the chipset and components in a way the innovators in the 5G space. As I mentioned, beam forming, channel modeling, earlier tests and including bring up of the entire software stack for 5G, all of this is occurring in parallel. And for us, if we look internally, it's our ability to provide the correlation between base band to IF to millimeter wave, in a singular platform that gives us the competitive edge and we're working with all the market makers. But the strength is broad. We have seen innovators come online across the globe. And so that's why I say that the runway is pretty strong.
Satish Dhanasekaran: So maybe elevating the conversation to 100G and 400G, for the past four quarters prior, we’ve being seeing good growth for our 100G solutions in manufacturing. And what we are now projecting is that that growth is tapering off. We're engaged with leading transceiver companies on the 400G bring up, and that's still in early R&D phases. And we expect that market to kick into gear given all the dynamics of optical and other things that you described. But it will probably be a few quarters out.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, I'll make a couple of quick comments. I think if we look into the 4.5G features, they are all be in spec sort of waiting for adoption. We're starting to see some of it from Verizon announcing the 1 gigabit per second, and you probably saw that at MWC as well. So there have been some innovation trends underway in the 4.5G space. But what we found is, for the past year, the industry was pretty consumed with the shifting emphasis on 5G. So when you combine the fact that early in the cycle now, people are starting to look at this 4.5G features and we also see some operator interest we feel good about where we play. Obviously, the network rollouts for these 4.5G features might be a little bit delayed in the cycle.
