Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. Q1 was a great start to fiscal 2022, and our full year outlook exemplifies Keysight's ability to deliver on our commitments.  In the first quarter of 2022, we delivered revenue of $1.250 billion, which was above the high end of our guidance range and grew 6% or 7% on a core basis. As expected, supply chain constraints continue to temper revenue results. We delivered a record $1.495 billion in orders, up 22% or 23% on a core basis. We ended the quarter with over $2.3 billion in backlog.  Turning to our operational results for Q1. We reported gross margin of 66% and operating expenses of $473 million, resulting in an operating margin of 28%. We achieved net income of $305 million and delivered $1.65 in earnings per share, which was above the high end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 184 million shares.  Moving to the performance of our segments. Our Communications Solutions Group generated record revenue of $878 million, up 3% on both the reported and core basis. CSG delivered record gross margin of 67% and operating margin of 27%. In Q1, commercial communications generated revenue of $584 million, up 5%, with double-digit revenue growth in the Americas and Europe driven by continued investments in 5G, O-RAN adoption, 400-gigabit, 800-gigabit and terabit R&D and wireline applications. Aerospace, defense and government revenue of $294 million was flat versus a strong prior year compare.  Solid growth in Asia Pacific was offset by supply chain constraints that impacted revenue in the Americas and Europe. This was our fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit order growth in aerospace, defense and government, and the funnel remains strong for this end market.  The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group generated first quarter revenue of $372 million, up 13% or 15% on a core basis, driven by strong revenue growth in semiconductor and automotive. EISG reported gross margin of 63% and operating margin of 31%.  Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended our first quarter with $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, generated cash flow from operations of $224 million and free cash flow of $182 million or 15% of revenue. Under the new share repurchase authorization announced in November of last year, we have acquired 1.13 million shares in the quarter at an average price of $182.19 for a total consideration of $206 million.  Now turning to our outlook and guidance. Demand remains strong for Keysight Solutions. However, supply constraints continue to moderate shipments. We expect second quarter 2022 revenue to be in the range of $1.290 billion to $1.310 billion and Q2 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.63 to $1.69 based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 183 million shares. Assuming a loosening of the supply situation in the second half, we continue to expect full year revenue growth to be in the range of 6% to 7% while delivering 12% earnings growth. The raised EPS growth expectation reflects ours higher-than-expected Q1 earnings.  In closing, the demand environment remains strong across our end markets and regions. With a record backlog position and a strong track record of operational excellence, we are confident in our ability to meet our customer commitments and continue to deliver profitable above-market growth going forward.  With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So this is Neil. So I think, first of all, I would say that the order growth, we believe, is indicative of the highly -- or the very strong demand environment we're seeing across the wide range of end markets, right? Within EISG, the semi auto market is very strong. The surge in manufacturing driving strength in general electronics. In the communications side, we're seeing great strength in 5G, as Satish just talked about, but also 400 gigabit, 800 gigabit on the networking side as well. And so very strong demand, and I think that's reflected in the order strength and in the growth you're seeing in orders. On the revenue side, obviously, we continue to work through significant supply chain challenges. Our revenue is significantly constrained by the supply environment, and we're working through that. We have said on prior calls that we have seen lead times to our customers extend by about a month, and that month extension has really happened over the course of the last 2 years, really from the onset of COVID back in the spring of 2020. And I think the good news is that our customers have responded to that and are placing orders with Keysight a bit earlier so that they can still get product delivery on a time line that meets their needs. And I think we're doing a good job getting product into the hands of our customers on those time lines. I think if you turn the lens forward, what you're going to see as the supply chain situation starts to improve, and we hope to see that beginning in the second half. But certainly, we expect to see some supply chain constraints through 2023, that our lead times will slowly start to migrate back in over a number of quarters. And similarly, our customers will once again readjust their ordering patterns to, again, align them with their own need for delivery. Why don't I turn it back to Mark for some more comments on the demand side.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So this is Neil again. So first of all, with regard to the supply chain situation, I think it's safe to say that we didn't see things materially get better within the quarter. I don't think they got worse. I would call it largely the same. I think we continue to look forward to some relaxation in the second half, and that's still our expectation. But we did not see any acceleration or early signs that that's happening. It's still our expectation, but largely unchanged within the quarter on the supply chain side.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So I'll take that one as well. So as we look forward into the second quarter, we do see, as you look at scheduled shipments, some unfavorable mix on a sequential basis as well as kind of continuing impact from other inflationary elements, most notably expediting fees and other things are continuing to impact gross margins. And I think the other thing is we are continuing to ramp kind of back into our targeted levels of R&D. We were actually sub-15% in Q4, approaching 16% here in Q1 as we look to kind of mid-16% of revenue is more the level. So I'd expect some further increase in that rate of investment in the R&D side of things as well, which is what's leading to the more or less flattish EPS.
Neil Dougherty: I'd just remind -- and then I'd just remind everybody of our order acceptance policy. We generally don't put an order on the books unless it's shippable within a 6-month period of time. And so those orders for those longer things -- well, in some cases, those customers are giving us visibility to their needs for these future factories and fabs that are going into place. They are not reflected in orders as of today.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So sorry, turn on my microphone, it would help. We are seeing inflation across a number of different areas within the supply chain -- or within the cost structure. I think as we noted last quarter, certainly, labor is one of those. We had our largest salary increase cycle in the fall in our 7-year history as an independent company. Certainly, in certain aspects of the supply chain, we are seeing various levels of price increases. Freight and logistics, clearly an area where we're seeing costs go up. Even those companies that maybe aren't raising prices as aggressively are sometimes paying or charging for expedited shipments or to get your spot in line. And so we're seeing it in a number of different places. And I think as far as our own pricing, I think we're constantly trying to balance our competitive situation with what we're seeing on the cost side and working to maintain margins as much as possible. And I think we've done a good job of doing that so far and would expect to going forward.
Neil Dougherty: It's not obvious to me that there's going to be a margin benefit other than volume that comes from a relaxation of the supply chain environment. I think our factories are continuing to run pretty efficiently. I think we'll need to take a wait-and-see approach, but it's not obvious to me that it's going to be a big margin benefit other than the benefits of volume.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Tim, this is Satish. We have another strong quarter in our commercial communications business driven by 5G and all the wireline evolutions. Specific to 5G, I think as I've stated before, we see near-term and medium-term catalysts that remain intact. If you look at it more near term, I would say, the ongoing global deployments that are scaling continue to drive demand in both R&D and manufacturing offerings. Specific to R&D, the Release 16 is really aimed at some of these new use cases with industrial applications and private networks in particular. Longer term, we remain bullish about millimeter wave and its adoption. But in the medium term, the applications such as O-RAN are really growing the ecosystem of opportunities for us. in We just added over 100 new customers into our 5G platform in the most recent quarter. So very strong growth in the 5G applications for sure across both R&D and manufacturing and deployments and across the globe. So broad strength.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. We're still -- if you look at it from a standards perspective, we're still in Release 16. Release 17 is just getting started, and you've got Release 18 being planned. So there's still considerable time to go with 5G evolution. That will continue for quite some time. But the industry is also looking at what's the next wave of innovations, 6G on the wireless side. On the wireline side, terabit Ethernet is definitely an area where there's a lot of advanced research happening both on the wireless and wireline side. And Keysight, given our strong strategy of focus on building out the workflow for the communication cycle system, we're engaged in those advanced research discussions with multiple consortiums around the globe. And we've already started to get some early research business, which positions us for continued leadership over time.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I'll take this. I think you're right. I mean our strategy to really connect the workflow across the communications ecosystem continues to play out, and our execution remains very strong. At the heart of it, we've been focused on connecting the workflow between the wireless and the wireline parts of the ecosystem. And we see that all of the data that comes through the networks through 5G, as an example, have to ultimately flow into a data center or cloud. And so as we follow that trial end-to-end, we see significant upgrades happening across the entire communications design flow. And we're participating in a number of those technology trends associated with not only the speed because you referenced with 400, 800 and terabit but also the underlying infrastructure that's changing with the memories, the server technologies and the edge compute as well. And we're also very pleased with the number of new chipset starts, the design starts that are occurring across the entire industry today. And all of this is contributing to strength, and we saw that reflected in our commercial communications business, where we maintain a good balance between the 5G growth and also the wireline evolutions growth.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, with regards to the gross margin, you're right, we had a higher software mix this quarter as we continue to progress our strategy of software-centric solutions. And from the aerospace and defense perspective, while the defense budget has been cut in the Americas -- in the U.S., we are waiting on the consortiums through the appropriations process that's currently underway, which is expected to occur somewhere between March and April time frame. That should allow for increased program spend for rest of the year and the following year. But if you look at just the aerospace and defense order growth, to the point that Ron made, continues to grow strongly and our multiyear programs remain intact.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. So no incremental impact. Obviously, the constraints in the supply chain are broad, and I think you're hearing this across multiple industries as well, and we feel that. But with regard to the actions that we're taking to maximize, those include internal value engineering activities to find multiple sources for products, looking for alternate sourcing from the open markets. We have strong collaborations with a number of our strategic silicon or semiconductor suppliers and our customers, too. So when we look at the end-markets demand for Keysight products around 5G, automotive and semiconductor, we have strong engagements with customers and our supply chain so that we're able to coordinate this. And at this point, as Neil mentioned earlier, that we're able to meet our customers' needs a very high percentage of the time. So we're very confident on our ability to process this backlog and convert it into revenue in future quarters. And pending upside from any improvement in the supply chain, we could further accelerate.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. So I'd say that when we look at the automotive market, as Ron referenced in his script that we see a real inflection in adoption of EV and then a subsequent simultaneous adoption for AV as well, really driving the needs of the automotive market. At a simplistic level, we see a number of new lab activities that are starting in R&D across the globe, where automotive customers traditionally outsourced a lot of the R&D work, but they are now starting to build new facilities for research and development, hiring of electrical engineering talent, hiring of software talent is increasing, and that's really reflected in our R&D business that continues to grow strongly. We see this continuing to be a secular growth driver for us. With regard to the manufacturing expansion, as you saw the number of EV starts to increase, our manufacturing business in this market also continues to grow. So at this point, I would say the opportunities for us -- for Keysight is to expand with a number of new lab starts as the hiring of electrical engineers growth in the automotive market will continue to grow.  But we also have the opportunity to increase our solutions content in display. And some of the acquisitions that we have made enables us to play strongly into the battery test and charging arena. And so we're positioning ourselves there, along with the C-V2X stack that we've invested in with our 5G portfolio that allows us to get into this marketplace. In the most recent quarter, we've basically announced at CES the radar scene emulator solution, which again, got a lot of active interest from our customers. So automotive continues to be the area of investment for us. And it's really hard to predict the growth rate, but we're quite pleased with the very strong results we're seeing so far. I'll just hand it off to Mark to make some comments on the funnel.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Thanks, Neil. I think you covered it well. I just would add that -- reiterating the demand remains strong. It was very strong in Q1, very broad. We saw some earlier orders placed in distribution as an example, where the channel inventories are low because of the demand that we've seen there. So that's to be expected. We also saw some early orders from semiconductor, which is typical. They have longer-term horizons, and we work with them in that fashion. But the headline is our strong double-digit order growth. It was not an outcome of advanced purchases. And on the plus side, as Neil mentioned, we are now working with customers much earlier than we may have done in the past. We've always had deep relationships. But the outcome is we're getting better visibility to their forecast and their forward-looking plans, which I think will sustain for the long term.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Jim, this is Mark. I'll take that. And you're exactly right. The strength that we're seeing today and have been seeing for the last many quarters is around new process technology development and mature technology scaling. But what you're referring to is the global expansion of new fabs in North America, in the United States, in parts of Asia and across Europe. These are multiyear, multibillion-dollar investments that the semiconductor leaders are making, and the vast majority of those investments are well in front of us.
Mark Wallace: Yes. I'll just follow up just to emphasize that. We are talking to all of the semiconductor players and we are working through the planning and preparation for the future. But as Neil said, what we booked today is really based on demand that we can see going out 6 months.
Mark Wallace: So Chris, this is Mark. I'll take a stab at that. I think the success that we've achieved and the level of order growth is tied into a lot about what Satish has been talking about, which is connecting our customers' workflows, even goes back to the previous question as it pertains to the growth in semiconductor being fed into demands from multiple different industries all bringing more electronic content together. So that has this compounding effect. I certainly think that as we get to the maturity with some of these technologies, the capacities will meet certain levels so we can see some of that begin to -- the growth begin to turn more to more long-term models that we've been seeing. But as we do so, we look forward to the next generation. And as also we mentioned earlier, the early research that's occurring around 6G and the participation that we have given our leadership position in the market gives us opportunities to continue to drive this high secular growth that we've been delivering for several quarters.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Adam, this is Mark. The strengths, as we said before, are really broad-based. All regions were double-digit order growth. 2 of the 4 regions -- or 2 of the 3 regions were record high. We saw double-digit order growth across all of the end segments as well. We added just over 500 new customers to Keysight during the quarter. We've done that every quarter, adding hundreds of new customers across all the different end markets around all the geographies. That's really important to us. That helps us diversify our business and grow our base, and our business to the base is up very strong double digits as well.  So we are really working hard, as I mentioned before, to align our plans with our market-leading customers where we've done very well. And we're also adding new customers and growing the long tail of small- and medium-sized businesses as well. So very, very broad strengths around all the regions and all the end segments.
Mark Wallace: Yes. I was going to mention the radar scene emulator. You got that Satish. The funnel is very strong. It's growing. We're seeing a lot of customers look out to Keysight for both EV and AV expertise. You think about all of the changes that are occurring within the customer base as well as the new entrants coming in, dealing with millimeter wave, dealing with high-power semiconductors, charging infrastructure, all of this stuff that we are providing leading solutions to. So that funnel is growing substantially. The other indicator that I think is very positive is the adoption of our services, which again is another indicator that customers are looking for help in innovating and getting these tough jobs done. So we're attaching a lot more services to our solutions, especially in the EV and the AV space.
Ronald Nersesian: And Meta, this is Ron. With regard to software valuations, obviously, you're exactly correct. The IPE software companies, we've seen the valuations come down. But realistically, when we talk to companies and they've seen -- when they see a pullback, they still view their old share price as the price that the company should get a premium to. It normally takes about a year. It depends company by company before they would go ahead and sell at a lesser value. But we're highly engaged at looking at opportunities, looking at things that make sense. And we have a very active funnel right now, including software.
Ronald Nersesian: And the -- Chris, the 3% to 5% that you're talking about that's for the market, we have clearly done a pretty good job of growing faster than the market quarter after quarter, and we intend to do so going forward. But look at the convergence in semiconductors and how more and more functions are being integrated into semiconductors and everything, whether you're talking about IoT or any of these other apps that we talk about, that demand we're going to see for a long period of time. Look at automotive. We're not talking about things that will grow for a year or 2. Even though we talk about 19% and 15% of the total market being effectively EV in Europe and Asia, I mean, that's going to go up close to 100%. And then we have the Americas, too, which is behind. 5G has a ton of runway. And then following that, where we're starting to see early investments in talking is 6G that will follow it. On top of that, you put quantum. So the use of high-performance electronics is not rolling over, and we don't see that at all in any short- or medium-term situation. And whatever the market growth rate, Keysight's aspirations, goals and results have always been to outgrow the market.
Ronald Nersesian: If we were at 65%, 70% share, you could say, "Oh, will it start to flatten out?" We're at roughly 25% market share in total. We have so much headroom. I mean the market is 4x the size of Keysight, and we're gaining share. We're investing as much as that's needed. We're investing more than anyone else in the industry. We're investing earlier in the cycles for new developments, and we have the credibility with these players to be the chosen partner. And now that we've expanded beyond hardware to hardware to software and services, we provide complete solutions which makes our customers' lives easier. And we help them accelerate their innovation time line. So I'm very bullish on this, and I know the whole team is also.
Ronald Nersesian: No. I think there is opportunity for us to grow software, and we are. And we've seen that since we launched the company more than double that business, and there's a lot more headroom there. But we see it in a lot of the technologies that are also down in the physical layer where you need both. You need the ability to acquire the signal in a very high-fidelity way at very, very high performance when we're talking millimeter wave and up to terabit, plus you need the analysis capability that's in firmware and then software. And these are complex problems. You need service and support from people that are qualified to put this all together. And Keysight has all of that. And that's been a real, real advantage for us, and we continue to see that as we continue to expand our investments and our programs in each of these areas.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I think if you really want to figure out what's going on in the marketplace, orders is the best indicator. And I know some companies don't report orders with as much detail, but we want to give you as much insight as we can. So if you look at the revenue numbers. Sales may not be commensurate with what's going on in the market. In the Americas, for instance, we were up 23%. Now if per chance, because we're not shipping everything and we're building backlog, which is an incredible position at almost $2.4 billion, that just means we're going to produce a lot more profit later when we clear that out. But the market performance is very strong. And as we continue to improve the supply chain, you'll see the revenue get a chance to work that backlog out over time.
Ronald Nersesian: When we -- if you take a look at this when we launched the company, we were at roughly 56% gross margin, and now we're talking 66% from software, from our hardware differentiation, from leadership positions in 5G, which gives us the opportunity to do a little bit of value pricing. And we're going to continue to work to drive that higher.
Ronald Nersesian: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As you can probably tell, we are very pleased with what our team has done to produce consistently excellent results. But I would also love to add that we are very optimistic for Keysight not only in the short term but with the position that we are in for long-term shareholder value creation. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
