Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Satish, and hello, everyone. Q1 was a strong quarter and a solid start to the year. We delivered revenue of $1,381 million, which was above the high end of our guidance range, and grew 10%, or 14% on a core basis. As we anticipated, macroeconomic uncertainty moderated demand in the first quarter. Orders of $1.3 billion were down 13%, or 10% on a core basis. Even with revenue outpacing orders by $80 million, we ended the quarter with over $2.5 billion in backlog. Turning to our operational results for Q1, we reported gross margin of 65% and operating expenses of $492 million, resulting in operating margin of 30%. We achieved net income of $363 million and delivered $2.02 in earnings per share, which was above the high-end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 180 million shares. Moving to the performance of our segments, our Communications Solutions Group generated revenue of $939 million, up 7%, or 10% on a core basis. Commercial Communications revenue of $629 million was up 8%, with double-digit revenue growth in the Americas. Aerospace, defense and government revenue of $310 million benefited from increased U.S. government spending, which we believe will continue to ramp through FY23. Altogether, CSG delivered record gross margin of 67%, and operating margin of 29%. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group generated first quarter revenue of $442 million, up 19%, or 23% on a core basis, with double-digit revenue growth in automotive and general electronics, demonstrating the diversity of our markets. Growth was strongest in the Americas and Europe. EISG reported gross margin of 61%, and operating margin of 32%. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended our first quarter with $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents, generating cash flow from operations of $366 million, and free cash flow of $306 million, or 22% of revenue. Shares repurchases this quarter totaled approximately 700,000 shares at an average share price of $176, for a total consideration of $125 million. Now, turning to our outlook. We’re navigating the same evolving macro and industry dynamics that others have noted. As Satish mentioned, we expect it will take at least a couple of quarters for customers to work through their near-term challenges. If the current demand environment persists through our fourth quarter, we would expect to deliver low single-digit revenue and earnings per share growth for the year, achieved through steady backlog conversion, strong cost discipline, and the flexibility of our financial model. Turning to our second quarter guidance. We expect revenue to be in the range of $1,370 million to $1,390 million, and Q2 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.91 to $1.97, based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 179 million shares. While near-term uncertainties are moderating the demand environment, Keysight’s secular, long-term growth trends remain intact. Our differentiated, first-to-market solutions, durability of our financial model, steady cash generation, and strong balance sheet position us well to deliver on our commitments to our customers and shareholders. We look forward to sharing more with you about the compounding nature of our business at our upcoming Investor Day. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean, the only thing I would add to that is maybe starting with the supply chain, we still have areas where we are supply chain constrained. But in other areas, we’ve seen a pretty rapid improvement in terms of availability of product and kind of the trend towards normalization of lead times. And so what we are seeing, and I’ve talked about this is something we expected. In many cases, we have products for the -- or customers for those products that have scheduled shipments now out an additional quarter and beyond. And as our lead times have come in, they don’t now, at this time, need to place new orders until they get delivery of the product that’s already sitting in backlog. And so, the -- if you’re around 6 or 8 months, there was this tendency to place orders early to get in line to adjust for those long lead times. Now that we’re seeing lead times normalize and coupled with macro uncertainty, there’s no longer that incentive to get in line early and that is creating a little bit of additional pressure on the order line.
Neil Dougherty: And then, Meta, I’ll just address the cost discipline question. So, first and foremost, I’d like to just emphasize that we are continuing growth-oriented investments that are going to drive this business forward in the future. We’re very clear about what those priorities are internally and we’re keeping our foot on the gas with regard to our most important growth-driven investments. That being said, I like the way Satish characterized it, right? We always have onset a tap of efficiency gains that we’re looking to that we’re looking to operate on as part of our continuous improvement culture. And given the environment that we’re in with pressure on the top line, coupled with not just inflation, frankly, but signs that the dollar is going to backtrack on some of the strengthening that we saw last year, which will also put pressure on our foreign currency spending. We felt it was prudent for us to take actions to accelerate some of that efficiency. So, it’s across the P&L, but we are not putting future growth investments at risk.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean, if you go back to the November quarter, we talked about 8 points of specific headwinds that we were facing from currency and from China, Russia, those things, and that we expected that we were also recognizing macro on -- softness on top of that or anticipating macro softness on top of that. So, by and large, I’d say the quarter came in largely in line with our expectations. It’s obviously hard to put a quantification on macro. I mean, looking forward, as Satish has said, it’s very difficult to call at this point. We’ve attempted to give you some parameters with which to think about the business. Mark has commented that in our funnel, which looks out over the next couple of quarters would indicate demand that’s more or less in line with what we just saw in the first quarter. And then, I did state in my prepared comments that if that kind of order trend remain in place for our entire remainder of our fiscal year, we’d expect to still be able to deliver a low single-digit revenue and EPS growth. So, we’re taking it one quarter at a time, but that should hopefully give you some guardrails with which to think about the business.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. It’s a great question. So obviously, revenue outpaced orders by about $80 million within the quarter. You can do the math on it. But if we see a similar environment persist for the remainder of the year, which is, again, in line with the guardrails what I put out there, we’d burn $300 million plus of that kind of abnormal backlog. So, it may not get us all the way home, but it would get us a significant chunk of the way towards normalization of the backlog over a multi-quarter period. We always knew it would take multiple quarters to normalize the backlog. And while this is just one scenario, I think it’s not out of line with our expectations.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So what I said, first of all, we weren’t guiding the year. What we said is, it’s a highly uncertain environment, it’s difficult to know. But if the demand stays consistent with where -- what we saw in Q1 through the remainder of our year, we would expect to deliver in that scenario low single-digit revenue and low single-digit EPS growth. Obviously, our model calls for higher revenue growth than that with 40% operating leverage, which enables us to get to double-digit EPS growth. So, in a scenario where revenues are growing at a lower level, coupled with this inflationary environment, which is a bit abnormal, we’d be looking at low singles for both revenue and EPS. Again, under that specific scenario where our orders remain more or less in line with what we saw in the first quarter.
Neil Dougherty: So, the new China trade restrictions that came about in December is an additional 1 to 2 points of headwind for us over the longer term. The comment about 6 to 7 was -- on the call last quarter, I outlined what at the time we thought was going to be 8 points of headwind coming from China, Russia and FX. As we got to the end of the quarter, what we thought was going to be 8 was more like 6.5, so call it 6 to 7, and that’s largely because the dollar backed up a little bit. So, the FX impact was less than originally expected. The China impact was slightly less as well.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We’ve had no increase in our cancellation rate. So we continue to believe the quality of our backlog is very high.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean I don’t think you can draw any conclusions looking at historical sequential gross margin data as to what to expect. At least as I would think about it, any perturbations that may have appeared to have repeated have to be more coincidental than systematic.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean all I would say is our sequential guide right now takes a look at our large backlog, looks at the schedule of shipments, looks at the incoming funnel. And obviously, we’re going to rely on a portion of incoming orders to turn into revenue within the quarter. And so. we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to deliver to the number that we’ve put out.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Hi Mark. What we’ll do -- first, I want to start by saying our customer engagements remain very strong, robust shipment activity this quarter, and you see that reflected in the strong revenue performance. Second, our backlog is still at $2.5 billion, high-quality, low cancellations to date. And to put this demand normalization in context, I would just point to two things. First, as we said in the last earnings call, we have some business-specific headwinds, roughly 6 to 7 points, that played out. And this quarter, our comps from a year ago, we were up 22%. So putting those things in context, a little bit more deep dive I’ll provide on the end markets could be helpful. In Commercial Communications, we saw the top customer pull back, especially in the wireless part of the business, due to the macro challenges and the inventory digestion that they were going through, especially with regard to the smartphone industry. We also saw equally the activity system pickup on the wireline side as customers are investing in 400 gig and 800 gig Ethernet and terabit and beyond. So, those investments remain strong. In our aerospace and defense business, we’re starting to see a favorable uptick in the U.S. business as budgets are passed and program spends get unlocked. It’s also important to note that the -- that all of the prime contractors had stronger backlog positions, which also gives us a good outlook as we look ahead. And our Industrial business continues to show resilience with the research spend occurring in different countries around the world, automotive with EV and AV and next-gen semi investments remaining strong as well. So, we put all of this in context and say, we remain confident in the portfolio differentiation we have and we’re actively engaged with our customers, which will enable us to outperform this environment.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Mark, as we mentioned, always that we have this variable cost structure and operating model, that’s the first leg of our resilience from a financial perspective. But we’re always looking for dynamic resource allocation opportunities, especially in a market like this, where we see some of our customers pull back. We redeploy to other customers who need these technologies so that we’re maximizing. So that’s part of that discipline that I referenced. And we always have on deck operational efficiency programs as part of the Keysight leadership model. And we’re remaining focused on that, in some cases, even accelerating that. That should help us offset the inflationary impacts to the P&L as we are all faced with right now.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you, Mehdi. Again, it remains a highly uncertain environment as you know. What we’re seeing is customers typically firm up demand and budgets at the beginning of the year because of the concerns they have, they’re pushing out those decisions to later in the year. So, the uncertainty definitely remains. But as we look at the spending environment, especially even in commercial comms, we see more pullback around manufacturing expansions relative to the R&D plans of customers. So that’s generally the trend. And if you look in the ISG business, I’ll say, in the semiconductor as an example, customers are not pulling back on next-gen semi capacity, right, whether it’s 5-nanometer or 3-nanometer, they’re actually maybe cutting back on some of the 7-nanometer work they were planning on. So, the focus on next generation remains very strong. I may -- I will ask Mark to provide some color on the customer dynamics that he’s seeing in the -- from a sales perspective.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Mehdi, the other point with regard to your comment on the downside risk, right? I’ll say that we’ve done a lot of work to enter into more of the R&D markets of our customers. That still remains a priority for us. We’ve also done quite a bit of work to diversify this business to expand into industrial end markets, aerospace defense and auto in particular. And finally, through our sales footprint, we’ve done work to attract new customers, and that remains a critical priority for us, and we -- which I remain confident that all of these actions will enable us to outperform in this environment as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Meta, thank you. So first of all, we remain intensely focused on continuing to innovate and strengthen our portfolio. So from an R&D perspective, the collaborations we have with our customers informs where we invest, and we feel pretty good about it. At best, some of these pullbacks are short-term delays for R&D spend, and we expect those to recover as our customer deals with these inventory dynamics that we mentioned. With regard to 5G, I think I would say that the R&D roadmap remains in place, right? Our customers have a multiyear roadmap, and they continue to invest to realize that roadmap. And at the big picture level, I would say while substantial progress has been made in terms of 5G deployments, we still have about roughly 1 billion subscribers in the world, and the roadmap is to take it from $1 billion to $5 billion in the next five years or so. So clearly, there’s more deployment activity occurring that’s in front of us with India and other parts of the world leading that effort. The standards progression, which really is a basis for R&D business with Release 16 and Release 17, moving into Release 18, which will be 5G advanced, is pretty strong. And those innovation vectors around non-terrestrial networks, new features such as RedCap for IoT applications -- proliferation of 5G into new verticals remains areas of opportunity for us that we’re investing in to continue to differentiate along with Open-RAN as well, which we have talked about. But the industry roadmap remains solid, and our differentiation remains strong in these markets.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you, Samik. I’d say you’re right. We don’t comment on any specific opportunity. I would just say that we remain confident in the business that we run, its cash generation potential. You’ve seen the strong free cash flow performance of the business. And so congruent with that, we have a consistent capital allocation discipline, which is around organic growth and M&A where it makes sense and return of capital. And with regard to M&A, you’ve seen us be incredibly patient and disciplined with regard to the opportunities we pursue. We look at hundreds of companies after having done market assessments on them. And then we’ve done about 20 to date. And we’ve been -- and we’ve done them with a view of the strategy and what scale that we can bring to the target and how we see the -- first, the strategic fed, but second and equally important is the return to our shareholders. So, I think those hurdles will continue to remain in place, and we remain very disciplined.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Just maybe to add a comment to Mark, the space and satellite also continues to inflect for us in the aerospace defense business, and is showing some momentum there with customers, too.
Satish Dhanasekaran: No, not at all. For us, we serve the wafer stage, which is on the front end. It takes a longer lead time from our fabs to put capacity. And we see customers sticking with their plans for 5-nanometer and below. And equally, we’re also quite pleased with the progression we’re making to further add more applications into our solution stat, whether it is high-power applications for certain chips or silicon photonics or millimeter wave. So we continue to build that portfolio out.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you. I look forward to sharing the forward-looking view on the market fundamentally at the Investor Day. Across our end markets, we have -- we see innovation accelerating. And I think we’ll lay out Keysight’s strategy to go into set those exciting long-term opportunities. So that’s number one. But I think with regard to M&A, clearly, if you look at how we’ve grown, we’ve been disciplined in actioning M&A of all sizes. You’ve seen us do Anite and Ixia, slightly larger scale and then a lot of technology tuck-ins, which have helped us complete the workflow and actually create greater value for customers and also expand our margins in the process. So from that perspective, we remain active in exploring new markets and targets as well. But again, as I mentioned before, we have strong strategic and financial hurdles that we have to meet as gates before we go ahead and transact the business. On the valuation front, on the margin, we think the valuations are likely to come in as more of the market reality sets in with a number of the firms, so. And with the strong balance sheet and cash position, we remain active in exploring opportunities.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think I’ll take this. Satish here. Every recession, the environment is different. And I would say that after having a couple of very strong growth years, some normalization was inevitable. And what we’re seeing is pull back from some of the customers in response to some of the inventory excesses in specific markets. But I go back to our portfolio position is the strongest it’s ever been because of our emphasis on solutions. Our business model today is much stronger because we have -- over 33% of our business is software and services, which gives us additional resilience. And we have a strong operating model at the Company that allows us to tide over some perturbations in the marketplace. And we also enter the year with a strong backlog position as well. So from those perspectives, it’s different. I also think if you look at the gross margin at the Company level, we continue to stay strong at 65%. And I think with the operational model in place, we remain confident about our ability to demonstrate that resilience.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think we have an incredibly sticky business with our customers, and we’re not seeing them pull back on renewals. Obviously, new purchases are taking longer, as Mark alluded to earlier. But I think even in the Commercial Communications sector, we have two businesses, right, wireless and wireline. We’re seeing stronger pullback from customers in the wireless side of the equation. The wireline customers continue to innovate. You see some of the trends in data center and cloud that are playing out. Need for faster data rates is important. Also in lieu of all of the activity that’s going on around AI, there’s a greater need to optimize the workflows of our customers. So, that part of the opportunity continues to remain stronger on a relative basis. I’ll just have Mark make any comment on...
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Across the businesses, we’re obviously looking to create value for our customers and that value expectations go up with time, greater solutions, content, greater -- software obviously increases the gross margin. You see that in our CSG business, 67% gross margin. So, we’ll continue to drive that up. On the EISG business, slightly lower software content, higher mix of manufacturing offerings traditionally. But equally, our emphasis on creating solutions is not diminished. We’re in fact, adding more software content, even to our semi manufacturing test systems, we’re providing more analytics capabilities, and we have strong customer uptake for those. So, over time, as we come off this inflationary impacts of the supply chain and other things that we’ve talked about, I would continue to expect more margin upside and look forward to sharing some of that with you at the Investor Day.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you, and thank you all for joining. Keysight delivered another strong quarter, revenue up 10%, strong gross margins at 65%, operating profit 30%, free cash flow of greater than $300 million. And we continue to remain focused on actively collaborating with our customer -- customers across the multiple end markets we serve as they navigate these dynamic conditions, which gives us the confidence in our ability to outperform. Again, we have a diversified end market exposure, strong solutions portfolio that’s growing, strength of backlog, strong cash position and a strong balance sheet. And all of these enable us to invest to realize our long-term growth strategies. But we’re doing so with the fiscal discipline and prudent operational initiatives that we have in place. We look forward to seeing you all in New York on March 7th. And I’m excited to share the future growth strategy moving forward. Thank you.
Mark Wallace: Yes. And I would -- Mehdi, I would -- just to directly answer your question, the mix during the quarter was still very predominant R&D. And Satish mentioned, the pullback was much less there and especially in commercial comms than it was on the manufacturing side. The other factor that we’ve talked about in the past on other conference calls is our funnel. We have a six-month funnel that gives us a strong indication of the forward-looking demand. That has been factored into our guide. It has normalized with the effects that we saw pretty acutely here in the first quarter. And looking out six months, the demand signal looks to be fairly consistent, in line with what we saw in Q1.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Samik, this is Mark. I’ll take the first question on linearity of orders. And it was -- we had about two-thirds of our orders after the second month. We had a big finish to the end of FY22 and our fourth quarter. So, we had a nice rebound in December and the last quarter was about 34% of the total orders of bookings for the quarter. So, it was a pretty linear flow of business. On the electronic industrial side, what we see, as Satish mentioned, is continued demand around next-generation process technologies for our semiconductor business, very long-term secular growth drivers that we’ve been talking about for a long time. The activity level and focus around the next-generation auto, EV in particular, is continuing to ramp. Again, this is a decade-long transformation. The number of EVs sold last year as opposed to ICE vehicles continues to grow. So, I see this as a long-term trend. And what I was particularly surprised with was how our general electronics business held up, particularly around some of the verticals that we’re focused on, digital health care, advanced research and education. Obviously, some of this is exposed to broader GDP kind of markets, and we saw the PMI stay below 54. I think it was five or six months in a row. But in general, the three segments below EISG continued to show resilience and, overall, continued investments in these next-generation technologies.
Mark Wallace: Sure. This is Mark. I’ll comment on both of those. So we faced, as everyone did, the unanticipated breakout from COVID, and there were some incremental trade restrictions that happened in the month of December. We did see orders decline in China. They actually increased sequentially. So, that kind of indicates the unusual seasonality that we faced. But it was -- relative to what we were expecting to face with some of the declines, I was pleased with our response. And it really continues to be in line with what we’ve talked about in the past, which is our ability to pivot to new opportunities and the breadth of our customer base in China, which continues to be an area of strength for us. And that includes automotive, where the business was up. Some of the private networks, which is a new use case for 5G from an industrial standpoint, continue to show signs of growth for us. Mature process technologies for semiconductor. So, as we go forward and the economy begins to normalize there and maybe reopen into the second half, we’ll keep a close eye on that as well. Aerospace defense, as Satish noted in his opening comments and otherwise, we saw a strong growth -- order growth, in the U.S. That’s a direct byproduct of the budget being approved much earlier this year than last year. And what we see happen in Q1 was not new program starts, but rather multiyear programs that were stalled because of continuing resolution turn back on and some of that spend continue to flow. So, as we get through the next several months and quarters, and the record high RDT&E budget flows through the process, we hope to see some additional tailwinds there. Outside the U.S., with the geopolitical situation, we expect to see continued long-term demand for defense modernization. So, we’re positioned well to capture that as well.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Rob, just to answer -- yes, that was -- Satish did a great job. And I’ll just let you know we didn’t see the pullback in software like we did in other parts of the business. As a matter of fact, our renewals were up and our growth from subscriptions and enterprise agreements remained steady, which is what you would expect from a sticky business, something that has kind of a continuous flow of value in a subscription model. So that really worked for us this quarter.
