Ronald Nersesian: Yes. Hi, Brandon, thanks for the question. The aerospace, defense business especially in the US was relatively steady. It’s been steady for a while and we obviously like the fact that continuing resolutions are gone and the fact that the budgets have been steady for a couple of years. So that's a market that we feel pretty good about. Gooi, also would like to a couple of comments please.
Ronald Nersesian: Brandon, I'll just add one other comment with regard to our strength, if you look at orders in China we had double-digit order growth and I know everybody's concerned with what's going on in China. We have had a strategic focus of moving our business from manufacturing to R&D for years and I think that helps us with a result that we've seen that were pretty strong.
Ronald Nersesian: Sure, I'll start with just entering the modular question and then I'll turn it over to Mike Gasparian who heads up our communications solutions group. With regards to modular, we saw double-digit growth for orders and double-digit growth for revenue. So we were very pleased with the strength. Aerospace, defense and optical in particular were strong, but it’s very good to see continued double-digit order and revenue growth in modular.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, so first of all, with regard to gross margin, our gross margins are really driven more by product mix than anything else. And so I think as we look forward we don't really see any fundamental drivers that would change, would drive a meaningful shift in gross margin. Moving forward, with regard to OpEx, you'll notice that are OpEx is been reasonably stable through the first half of this year. Since the addition of Anite and from a modeling perspective I look to that moving forward.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, I'll let Neil comment about you know, can we quantify that, the magnitude of it. I can comment a little bit on the duration. We're re seeing a very broad widespread uptake in this whole 100 gigabit Ethernet build out in the manufacturing space. So I don't think that's a trend that's going to disappear overnight. In parallel with that, right on the heels we have the 400 gigabit wave that's coming and there is quite a bit of research going on in that phase, and the manufacturing deployment of that will likely be in late 2017. So I think we've got a pretty good trend to play to here over the next year or two.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, but I'm going to let John Page, who is the head of our services organization get a chance to talk.
Ronald Nersesian: We don't quantify the individual market segments by region, but I can – like Gooi see if he has any qualitative points that might be able to assist you.
Ronald Nersesian: We guide one quarter out obviously, there is a lot of - there are a lot of dynamics that happen within the marketplace. We're very glad that we've seen aerospace, defense business be steady. We're very glad that we see China being steady. We're glad that we see Russia return to growth. This quarter and last quarter in orders versus last year when we saw a lot of solid declines. So outside of comms, the backdrop is reasonable, but when you integrate comms it’s still a little uncertain. However, there is one thing that we're re very, very confident in, and we have a very good business model. We had to turn that into cash at the end of the day and produce the results that you've seen. So we'll keep at it and we think our relative position and our growth relative to the competition was pretty strong and I remember talking about two years ago about how we want - wanted to return to market growth and you can assess how we did relative to the other players in the industry and very pleased with our posted revenue growth and our profit growth, as well as our 9% order growth in the quarter.
Ronald Nersesian: Well, clearly the macro is still very uncertain as you can see. You, look, you could also look at all the competitors and see what they posted during the last quarter relative to what we posted. But at this point Japan still is soft and we see the comp semi business to be not so strong. China clearly they are making some significant investments in Semiconductor, but the question is how long or what will happen at the end of the year. So it is still a very uncertain background, but as we have guided the last almost nine quarters independently from Agilent from the first quarters before we split until now we have met our guidance every single quarter. So hopefully that gives you some confident.
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, so obviously we've instituted the share repurchase program last quarter. We executed about 20% of it during Q2 and that’s really designed to be an opportunistic program that - and you can read into the fact that we executed a significant portion of that, that we have confidence in our ability to perform in a variety of market conditions. Are stated strategic priorities haven’t changed. We continue to look for M&A opportunities that will help us to achieve our longer-term growth objectives. But at the same time when the opportunities present itself we will continue to execute on the share repurchase program, as well although we don't give any particular color as to what our plans are as regard to that execution.
Ronald Nersesian: Our aerospace defense business Alex has been very steady. It modulated down a bit when there were continuing resolutions going on. But overall, if you look at the threats line of that business for 16 years since we split from Hewlett-Packard not Agilent, its pretty darn steady compared to any of our other businesses. And again, we're the prime player in the United States, the United States is the largest spender in the world by large amount. We believe in the long-term that there will be bringing in new programs to strengthen our ability to deal with new types of threats and we are very pleased with the position that's there. We don't expect any instantaneous sharp turns up or sharp turns down, but we feel very comfortable with our position. It’s also worthwhile to note that are aerospace defense business is not only in the US that's also overseas and although it’s somewhere around the third of our business, a lot of the business for the international countries are sold through US primes. So in total a higher percentage of our business goes to international countries approaching 50%. So we're very well balanced with US and with other countries. We've had a very steady business in that area and we're looking forward to capitalize on any gains in any defense spending around the world.
Gooi Soon Chai: Yes, Brandon, what I want to say is you remember, at last call we had announced the significant slowdown in the second half of January. While the quarter started similar, but our market stabilized over Q2. We kept executing on our plan and really delivered the order growth over last year. As Ron stated earlier, the most notable pullback continued to be in communication and our performance over the other end markets were steady outside of comms market. So we delivered solid mid single-digit order growth with the strength in aerospace, defense as Ron was mentioning and also in industrial.
Gooi Soon Chai: Yes. Patrick, on the ramp, its very difficult to call at this moment, you've seen that Mobile World Congress, so its no doubt that it have shown acceleration currently in the market and with some customers, but I would say its too early to call when the ramp up is really going to happen.
Gooi Soon Chai: Richard, yes, this is Gooi, here. The think I can say is that in the Americas we did see as expected growth in aerospace, defense and this is where our tool for the DoD and for the time, but clearly comms was slow, especially with the large account and this comes back to the comment we did at the beginning of the call of still liked to the overall situation in the wireless industry.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so first of all, with regard to the three year warranty, we are now at the point where we have – we've kind of led off all of the deferred revenue from the prior sales of extended warranties that are now covered under standard warranty program. But they will be in our compares through the first quarter of next year. And so from a year-over-year compare basis, we won't have lapped that until we get to that point. From an operating margin standpoint, as you noted, the operating margins are down versus where they had been last year. And I think essentially what you are seeing is that deferred revenue from this extended warranty sales are coming out of the revenue base that was very higher margin warranty and we need to grow the business and replace that warranty and get the revenues for this business up where they are over $100 million per quarter and we will see margins recover. We're highly confident in the investments and capacity that we are making and the ability of this business to generate profitability in line with the broader business moving forward.
Neil Dougherty: No, no, the only comment that I can say is that, we do continue to be very cautious around the communications space moving forward. We've taken the same approach that we always take to preparing our guidance looking at incoming order rates, strength of our funnel and the quality of our backlog. So as our approach to guidance this quarter was entirely consistent with prior quarters. The only thing that I would note is in the current quarter, in our second quarter we did post solid single digit growth rate outside of the comms area.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, I think from an industrial orders perspective we had a reasonably strong quarter, but I would note that it was against a pretty soft compare from Q2 of last year. So we were certainly happy with the order results in industrial. If I was to provide you with a little bit of commentary, it was driven, the orders in the industrial side were stronger than the comms semi side, but again just note this is off compare from Q2 a year ago.
Neil Dougherty: With regard to size we just don't provide granularity at that level to individual portions of our product platform, the only thing I would reiterate was the statements that Mike had made about we feel that we have a strong hand to play here and as he just said, we think its one that's got – got a little bit of legs.
Neil Dougherty: I will take the first part of that question and then I'll hand off to Gooi for the second part, which is – we're not going to provide granularity on the sequential gain at this point in time. The more than doubling year-over-year is all that we can give you.
Neil Dougherty: I think we can also say that with the relative stability in the US budget situation over the past couple of years we do expect euros base defense spending to return to typical norms as you think about government fiscal year end in September.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes, hi, Ron, Neil. Great results here, its really been weird, given many of your peers were noting fairly weak demand trends in term, so really buck the trend here.
Vijay Bhagavath: Question for, in terms of – yes, thanks. In terms of you know, help us understand anyway you can qualitative color on the communication end markets heading into the back half. Like, how should we look in terms of R&D spending into the back half from your customers? And then also what are your customers telling you it terms of their buying habits or Keysight equipment would they primarily be buying more of modular equipment, would they buying kind of the broader portfolio, are there any pockets of use cases of strength you see in the communication end market? Thank you.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. It’s really helpful. A quick follow-up is around gross margin and OpEx through the rest of year. Any guidelines can you give us for modeling? Thanks.
