Neil P. Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. Today we reported first quarter total non-GAAP revenue of $726 million that was above the midpoint of our guidance. On a year-over-year basis, this represents 4% growth. On a core basis, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions, revenue declined 1% year-over-year in line with our expectations. GAAP revenue for the quarter was $721 million, which excludes certain accounting adjustments associated with revaluing pre-acquisition deferred revenue from Anite. Looking at our top line performance by end market, Communications revenue grew 8% year-over-year including revenue from Anite. Excluding Anite, Communications revenue decreased in the low double-digit range year-over-year as restructuring and consolidation activities impacted spending patterns and softness from customers in the smartphone supply chain outweighed growth in LTE-Advanced and 5G technology. Revenue from Aerospace and Defense was $171 million, a decline of $3 million or 1% from last year's first quarter, which was the high point for 2015. Growth in the U.S. for our Aerospace and Defense solutions was offset by continued softness in Europe and Asia. First quarter Industrial, Computer and Semiconductor revenue grew 3% driven by strong sales from our instrument and parametric test products and next generation processor testing. Regionally, and on a core basis, revenue was flat in the Americas, up 1% in Europe and grew 16% in Japan. Revenue in Asia excluding Japan declined 7%. The regional mix of total revenue was 38% from the Americas, 20% from Europe, and 42% from Asia. Our first quarter operational results were strong with gross margin increasing to 56.6%, a 100 basis point improvement year-over-year as a result of a higher percentage of software and R&D revenue. Expenses were well-managed while we continued to invest in R&D programs in support of our growth initiatives. Operating expenses totaled $282 million, including the first full quarter of Anite spending. Operating margin was 17.8 %, in line with the prior year. Our industry-leading margins result from our continued operational discipline and the proactive management of our cost structure across the cycle. Non-GAAP net income after taxes was $95 million, or $0.55 per share, which was above the midpoint of our guidance range. Moving to the results of our two operating segments. Measurement Solutions generated first quarter revenue of $631 million, an increase of 4% including revenue from Anite. Operating margin for Measurement Solutions was 18.3%. The Customer Support and Services segment generated revenue of $95 million in Q1, up 2% on a core basis, with an operating margin of 13.9%. As a reminder, the Services business has a higher fixed cost structure when compared to our Measurement Solutions business. The Q1 cost structure also reflects the investments we are making in additional capacity to expand our multi-vendor calibration and asset management services. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended the quarter with $572 million in cash and cash equivalents, of which approximately 75% is located offshore. In the quarter, we generated $92 million in cash flow from operations. As I mentioned last quarter, cash flow is seasonally lower in Q1 due to the payout of variable compensation. In addition, we had higher capital purchases this quarter totaling $34 million, which brought our free cash flow to $58 million. As Ron mentioned, our board has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $200 million. The new repurchase program goes into effect immediately and shares may be purchased from time to time. The program will be funded from current and future cash flows, and is consistent with our phased approach to return of capital. While we remain focused on identifying M&A opportunities that will help us achieve our growth objectives, this repurchase authorization reflects our confidence in our growth opportunities and strong cash flow generation. Turning to our outlook and guidance for the second quarter. Taking into account our order performance in the first quarter and the broader market sentiment, we expect Q2 non-GAAP revenue to be in the range of $695 million to $735 million, which at the midpoint reflects a 3% decline, or 9% on a core basis. With our ongoing attention to cost management and the leverage and flexibility of our operating model, we expect to deliver operating profit in the high-teens, while continuing to invest in the growth areas of our business. Balancing these factors, we expect second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $0.48 to $0.62 and our weighted diluted share count to be approximately 173 million shares. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. We don't have a revised market forecast for the full year. Actually, we'd expect with the kind of inflection point that we saw in orders in mid-January, our visibility out beyond, really beyond more than one quarter is increasingly limited. And so it's very difficult to call. I think as Ron said, it's highly unlikely at this point that we see 2% growth. But we do not have an updated forecast based on the 5% order decline, the core order decline that we saw in Q1.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. I wouldn't read more into that than it should. Some of the equipment that we buy is longer lead time and the actual cash flowing is a function of acceptance and installation and the rest. But we still intend to manage our overall CapEx budget to the year to the same $90 million to $100 million range that we put out in the past. And so just a little bit of a timing difference caused that to be more front-end loaded this year.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. Happy to do that. If you think about our services business, it's a higher fixed cost business when you compare it to the rest of Keysight. As you can see, our Q1 revenue was – were down in that segment, but that's as compared to kind of the run rates over the second half of last year, they were flat to Q1. But compared to the second half, when profitability was much higher, revenues were down. But you'll notice that the costs in that business are very stable. As we noted in prior quarters, we're still navigating through a change in our standard warranty from one year to three years, and that impacted the sale of extended warranties in that business and we're still essentially working through the impact to deferred revenue. We're losing about $7 million per quarter in deferred revenue as those previously sold extended warranties work their way through our P&L. This quarter, incidentally, will be the last quarter and we'll be through that, although it'll still be in our compares for remaining year. But the underlying growth rate of the business is strong. We mentioned the 11% growth rate if you adjust for that warranty impact and for currency, and we're confident that the profitability of that business will be in the upper teens over the longer term as we're continuing to make investments to grow that business, particularly in the areas of multi-vendor calibration and asset management.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure, Rick. I'll turn this over to Mike Gasparian who leads that business, but let me make a couple of comments. You're right, on a core basis, we were down 11%. There are a couple things that are going on in the industry. First, there is consolidation of some players, there's restructuring, also and both of those things lead to a rationalization of spending. On top of that, you've heard about some of the contraction in the smartphone supply chain that's going on from some big players. So that's the macro picture of what's going on in the market overall. Our strategy has been, and it's been a multiyear strategy and we continue to make progress on it, is to move from wireless manufacturing to more of our business in wireless R&D. Wireless R&D has higher gross margins. It is a business that is more differentiated than manufacturing and is less cyclical or has less volatility than manufacturing. And I'm glad to report that our wireless R&D business is bigger than our wireless manufacturing business now by a good bit. And we'll continue to move towards a larger and larger percentage of our business being in wireless R&D with Anite being added. Our wireless R&D business with Anite grew, our wireless manufacturing business contracted and our other Communications which leads really into a lot of the fiber and a lot of the backhaul Communications also grew on a revenue basis. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for a few comments.
Ronald S. Nersesian: And one other comment, a question that you asked Rick was, how our orders in the Communications sector with Anite? Our orders were up slightly in total. So our comps business is up slightly, but that includes an acquisition.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yes. The Communications business is one significant part, plus also if you look at not only wireless R&D in general, but what we call other Communications, we're seeing a lot digital applications move over to modular. So, we have both of those areas or both of those subgroups in Communications that are moving. But as we expand our portfolio, you'll see more and more solutions in the industrial space too, which will allow us to make some traction against some competitors.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. I have seen many cycles over the last 35 years, this one is pretty typical. And to be very honest, we don't have very good visibility on this cycle. There's a lot of things that are being created from the overall macro environment of the markets which is causing folks to hold on to their wallet. But let me give you some color commentary on to what happened this quarter. Our orders were tracking to expectations right through mid January. And as you know, a lot of the compares that you see, they report results or have reported results through December. But in January, in the middle of January, we saw a market slowdown in our incoming orders, and that's not inconsistent of what you've seen from some other larger players in the overall electronics markets. This macro uncertainty that is there, has caused people to pull back on CapEx and has caused customers to be much more cautious. So, if you look at that, if your revenue growth for the quarter was 4%, but if you look at our order growth it was minus 2%, but on a core basis it was minus 5%. And given this macro uncertainty, it's probable that the 2% market growth that we saw before this real, let's say, disconnect in January will probably not play out. Now what we're doing about it is we're taking action. We have an operating model, because we know our business has some cyclicality and this model allows us to deliver strong cash flow and solid double-digit operating margin throughout the cycle. And as you see, and as Neil mentioned in his script even in Q2, we're planning to deliver upper teens operating margin. And this is all why – while we continue to invest in growth and continue with our strong R&D programs in modular, software, wireless, and services. And we're getting great traction on all of those fronts. So, bringing it back, this cycle is not that untypical. I think when the markets stabilize, you may see some performance begin to return. So little unclear how quickly it will return, but again, we're talking about minus 5% core revenue growth in Q1.
Ronald S. Nersesian: And when we see some of these big macro cycles and while we continue to generate great cash, sometimes it provides great opportunities for us to create value for our shareholders by doing share repurchase programs. We've talked in the past about still, number one, our priority is to fund strategic M&A, but we will be opportunistic when we can create value for our shareholders with buybacks such as we're doing right now. So I really believe we know how (28:08) to manage this business through the cycles to deliver profitability and to create shareholder value for the long term.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure. First of all, I think it's a mix. Some of the products that we're selling were products that were sold in the past in our feature-rich boxes, but a lot of it is also incremental. There are customers that want modular solutions for some reasons why it is a distinct advantage and we continue to win that business against the competition. Our business, we talked about last year at Investor Day about being approximately $150 million of our new modular products and we talked about that in September and we did achieve or beat the $150 million last year and this year, we're just saying we've grown 11% from Q1.
Ronald S. Nersesian: We're looking at what does it take to win in the marketplace, and what do we need to do to accomplish our strategy. We spent 12% in the past. We up that to 13% last year. And clearly, as the top line moves around you will see that percentage vary. There is no doubt that on a total basis, we're spending less than the competition on average, but we do have some economies of scale from having our own, for instance, internal fab that can go ahead and provide products and solutions to multiple businesses and multiple product lines. As far as the R&D percentage, we're going to monitor that with regards to our ability to go ahead and to win in these marketplaces. But I think it's directionally correct.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Yeah. So, let me try and address those questions. I think we are making a concerted effort over time to shift the mix of our business towards more R&D solutions and more software. But if you put that in the scale of the rest of the year, our markets – our markets don't move that quickly, you're not going to see fundamental shifts in our mix. Based on those efforts, over that short of period of time, it's a bit more of a methodical slog than that. With regard to our OpEx, again, we'll be working hard to manage our spending as we move through this economic cycle. But our Q1 results, now reflect a full quarter of Anite spending and you could view those as representative of what we expect for the remaining quarters of the year.
