Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, thanks, Mehdi. This is Satish, I'll take it. Our Commercial Communications group had a record revenue this quarter and second consecutive quarter of sequential improvement and a large part of these results were driven by strength in both the wireless and wireline ecosystems, specifically from a trend perspective, 5G and 400-gig were big drivers of growth for us. I would say, in 5G while -- we observed three things, the commercialization is ramping, a large part of that is low frequency or mid-band frequency networks; the standardization of the technology continues to progress; and the big theme is the ecosystem is expanding. So these are three big trends that are enabling both wireless and wireline technologies to be strong for us. As far as the millimeter wave is concerned, we view the -- we have long viewed and we continue to view the millimeter wave opportunity as very favorable for us because of the upgrade potential it represents and our traditional strengths in millimeter wave technologies play out. Even this quarter, specifically, we continue to see a steady ramp in customer interest as they re-tool their engineering flow to adapt to the millimeter wave technology. On the wireline side, we captured pretty strong ramps that occurred for 400-gig in Asia throughout the year and we are starting to see increased activity in R&D for 400-gig and 800-gig Ethernet this quarter.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Mehdi, as far as R&D, we continue to see a robust pipeline for demand for R&D with release 16 features coming out next year. So I would continue to see strength there. With regard to our production test opportunities, we're starting to see the deployments are actually driving ramps in the supply chain and we're benefiting from them and in fact, this quarter we referenced a pretty sizable win for our PXIe, a release of our PXIe modular solution, which also has software content associated with it. So, we'll continue to see a steady improvement there, as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, there is no doubt there has been some implementation delays in some quarters of the ecosystem. If it were not for this -- given the momentum that the industry is sustaining, we would be further along. Having said that, we saw strong orders for our business, the quarter and for the full year in 5G and we see a robust pipeline for release 16 in R&D and for production-related expansions that customers are planning for. So we continue to believe that 5G represents a long-term opportunity for us, especially as we have talked about our portfolio being broad starting with the physical layer where we have millimeter wave -- bulk of the millimeter wave opportunity in front of us and then, we have the protocol layer where release 16 and release 17 to follow where there has been some delays in release 17 that you referenced, but release 16 is very high impact in terms of its expansion into new use cases that we're very excited about. And lastly, I would say that we saw strong growth in the application layer opportunity where we've expanded our 5G strength even beyond commercial comps into aerospace and defense, with security applications, into our general electronics business through multiple industries, and into automotive with C-V2X. So you piece that altogether, we continue to believe that this is still very early innings in 5G as we stated at Investor Day.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, I think we've -- obviously the year-over-year, if you looked at last year, we saw some expansions in traditional smartphone driving up the legacy of 4G business and so, comparatively things declined sharper this year given that customers prioritized 5G, but again, I would go back to saying we have a very broad breadth of tools for the labs that we offer and in many cases, customers delayed that spend and we expect that to stabilize and ramp back up, as customers return and recover from COVID.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, thanks. I think our differentiations front, I would say, continues to be strong. You look at the standards-based test cases that we offer and you can see that we're leading and that we are staying on the cutting edge and that's what our customers appreciate. So on the edges, we don't see any material change to our competitive position with regard to these advanced technologies and we have continued to invest this year in R&D to keep our differentiation strong. So that's the point I'll make. With regard to how this is all playing out, you might say, if you just think of the smartphone use case, there is about 7,200 band combinations in 5G that have been defined and to-date only 1,500 of them are being tested. So the latest devices that we have account for 1,500. So you start to see that there is considerable runway just in the smartphone use case and with release 16 that is in front of us, there are new expansion opportunities for industrial applications and automotive applications that creates a healthy pipeline for us. With regard to the wireline, the first phase of the 400-gig deployments have largely been in, what I would consider, East-West traffic that flows in a data center and with more to come, as operators start to deploy this technology when the price on the transceivers start to become more affordable. So that's the second wave we expect, but there is continued evolutions of 400-gig and 800-gig that have started, which feeds into our R&D strength.
Satish Dhanasekaran: And just to add to what Neil said, it's too soon to call any share shifts, but we start to see the smartphone -- Tier 2 smartphone makers in China continue to invest in R&D because they see an opportunity. So that's probably one positive offset, if you will. The second one that is evolving is the resurgent interest in Open RAN technology to provide a different alternative to 5G base stations. I think if you look at -- those two things have the potential for us as we look into 2021 and beyond.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, Rick. So it's been a little over a year since we integrated the Ixia business into the Commercial Communications segment and we've made some excellent progress in realizing synergies with respect to solutions. I would say in the networking space, we see a 400-gig Ethernet. Our portfolio has been significantly strengthened, not only the physical layer, but also in the protocol layer with the addition of the Ixia's Layer 2, Layer 3 business. We're securing some good wins in the industry as the R&D investment flows and with the security piece of the business that we acquired, now we're able to integrate that with our 5G platform and realize greater synergies there as we position solutions for the aerospace and defence industry. So that’s another area where, not only are we addressing traditional opportunities, but also some expansion areas. With 5G now getting deployed, we’re starting to see a pick-up in demand for the visibility part of the business where just this quarter, we had a couple of big opportunities that we closed on with operators looking for enhanced application layer visibility there. So overall I would say, you look at the big trends of virtualization, cloud, and the progression that's going into the application layer, we view the portfolio to be strong and we think the outlook is favorable. Obviously, right now, everybody is recovering from COVID, so that gates that recovery.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, I'll make some comments, and maybe Mark can also chime in on the on the forward-looking demand. I would say that we had a very strong year for the semi-business. And it's been driven by the growth in the 5G devices, and the high performance computing needs that have proliferated, especially due to folks working remotely and working from home environment. And we've also captured and capitalized on the China IC spend; our position in that -- in the semi business is highly differentiated, and we continue to track the node sizes from 7 to 5, and now a new activity is starting for 3 nanometers; so we're highly differentiated there. And I'll hand it off to Mark to make some comments on forward-looking demand.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, I'd certainly expect any margin impact from a migration towards manufacturing to be more or less undetectable at the Keysight level when you think about $4.5 billion of revenue and the progress we're making generally, as a company around software and services and other areas. So, not something that we're concerned about.
Ron Nersesian: Rick, this is Ron. Just one other comment, this is Ron. Just one other comment, we talked about the backlog build in FY 2020. You may want to also go back and look at the backlog build in FY 2019, because it's been a very steady build that we've had for many quarters beyond FY 2020.
Ron Nersesian: No, I think it's just broad uncertainty, right. Nobody knows exactly what's going to happen, and it's -- the question about seasonality; typically, we see plus or minus a couple of points as we move from quarter to quarter, you can go look at the history and see what that is. And all, I'm -- we're saying two things; one, you've got this -- you know, kind of broad overarching uncertainty around COVID, and then we've got this backlog burn that's going to be happening, and we think those are going to kind of more or less drown out the typical seasonality that we would see in a current year; so we're expecting a much more steady revenue flow over the course of the next several quarters.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. So I'll let Mark comment on that as well. I mean, I think we were a couple of years now into this -- kind of ongoing, back and forth around trade restrictions. And I will tell you that we've weathered it very well, our business in China continues to do very well. And so whether you're talking about the initial tariffs or companies added to the restricted party list or the situations with ZTE and Huawei; we've been through a lot of these things, and our China business continues to grow. We have a very broad portfolio, we have a very broad customer set, the types of things that Keysight does as a company is very well aligned with what's happening in China. And so, I just think that -- and Mark mentioned it, we've been very good at redirecting our own internal sales and other resources to where the market opportunities are. Mark, I don't know if you have anything that you want to add to that.
Ron Nersesian: Thank you, everyone for joining us. I -- we are very, very pleased with the results we delivered despite COVID and despite the trade environments; delivering record orders, record revenue record gross margin, record operating margin and record free cash flow. We really believe and see that we have a very strong market position with very differentiated solutions across the ecosystem. And our solutions incorporate world class hardware, very good and strong software analysis capability, as well as services. Our software content continues to increase, our services business is growing, and both of them together are giving us an even stronger business model with more recurring revenue. But our business model is strong, it was tested during the COVID period of time, and you could see the type of results that we can deliver. And last but not least, I really believe we have the best employees in the world that work very hard to bring our customers the best solutions in the world and support them as they try to innovate across their end-markets. And we are committed to create value as we've done in our first six years for our shareholders, and I really believe the best is yet to come. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, this is Neil, why don't I take the first part of that and then maybe we will have Mark comment on China and some of our expectations there. I think the most important comment with regard to Huawei is, the situation with Huawei is not going to change our expectations as it relates to our long-term growth outlooks for our business or for our markets. We're entering the year in a very strong backlog position and I think that strong backlog position is going to enable us to essentially mitigate the impact of any short-term perturbations that may happen on the order line because of the year-over-year Huawei compares. We have an extraordinarily diverse base of customers around the world driving demand in our end markets and we're looking at that and the strengthening we've seen over the past couple of quarters relative to where we were in Q2 and we're going to keep our foot on the gas relative to those long-term targets.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so let me start with the margin side of that first. So first of all, we're very pleased with the margin performance of the business in the year and we look at this year and some of the challenges of this year as a great test of the operating model that we've been talking about really since the launch of the company. That being said, our operating margin targets, our margin targets in general, they are annual targets, not quarterly targets. We hit 25% this year and we've talked about getting to 26% or 27% operating margin is the target that we outlined at our Analyst Day and we are still working towards that objective. I think we're highly confident in our ability to achieve that and as we look forward to this year, I think you can look to -- obviously, in the second and third quarters, with revenue down and the corresponding expenses down, but you saw in Q4 the margin performance that we can put up with expenses returning to a more normalized level. With regard to how we get back to mid-single digits, I think we are seeing some relative strengthening across the broader markets and of economies, in general. I think a great indicator of that is what we're seeing in general electronics. We saw a strong return in our education business, which is, as I think, indicative of some recovery from the COVID situation. Even looking at businesses like auto, while auto orders were still down on a year-over-year basis, we saw very strong sequential improvement in auto. So things are getting better and I think we're going to look really across the entire portfolio for strength and just broad macro strengthening to help drive us to those levels.
Neil Dougherty: We expect it to be about a 5 point headwind in the first half. That's roughly how we're thinking about it, but again, I think, given the backlog situation that we have coming into the year, I think that's going to be the dominant driver of our business and so I think that's going to give us the ability and give us some time to overcome what might be some short-term perturbations on the order line. We're highly confident going into the year.
Neil Dougherty: No, that's correct and I said as much in my prepared remarks, we clearly have a tough order comp in Q1, but I'd point you back to the backlog situation. We're guiding strong revenue growth in the first quarter and we're going to be in a good position as we migrate through the year. Certainly our revenue comps in Q2 and Q3 get significantly softer, obviously, but the backlog that we built over the last several quarters is going to provide a buffering for us.
Neil Dougherty: Let me take the first part of that and I'll let Satish maybe comment on the second part. We do have some ability to sell some small portions of our portfolio into Huawei going forward that don't include any material U.S. technology, but it is a very small portion of the portfolio. We do not expect Huawei to be a material customer for us going forward.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, we just think -- again, I'm going to bring you back to the backlog situation as we slowly work off the backlog that we built up over the last couple of quarters, we think that is going to essentially mute the impact of what would typically be more demand-driven quarterly seasonality that we've seen in prior years. We expect a much more muted revenue seasonality over the coming quarters, maybe with a slight uptick in Q4, but much more muted revenue seasonality than what is typical.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, I think that the big driver is, obviously, we've talked at length in prior quarters about our variable pay programs and the flexibility of our cost model. That's probably the single biggest driver. Then there are the obvious things that impact many companies, just dramatic reductions in travel, as an example. I would point you to our Q4 expenses. I think we've largely saw our spending return to more normalized levels here in the fourth quarter of the year. Obviously, we'll continue to do administration [ph] and other things, but I think as we look forward, you could look to Q4 as a baseline and then, as we said in the prepared remarks, we do expect Q2 to be higher than the other quarters from an OpEx standpoint in FY 2021.
Neil Dougherty: We have not seen any material and any change in de-booking. There is always some noise level of the de-bookings, but that hasn't changed at all. Obviously, we built a significant amount of backlog just looking at the difference between orders and revenue for the year, it's on the order of $300 million, a portion of which you would consider to be abnormal backlog build given the revenue disruptions or the shipment disruptions in the second and third quarter. So it's that abnormal portion of backlog build that we'll be looking to work off over the course of the next several quarters.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so obviously, Jim, we've been a growing business here for a number of years and we would expect that our backlog would be growing in absolute terms just given the overall growth of the business. I think if you look at -- what you saw in Q4 was pretty much a reduction in the rate of growth of that backlog. We built very significant backlog in Q2 and Q3, as I previously referenced, abnormal levels of backlog because shipments were depressed because of the factory shutdown and re-ramp in Q3, while our book-to-bill was over 1, it was just a tick over 1, right? So we were more or less in a neutral position in the fourth quarter and so, as I think about going into next year, we have this backlog that is particularly focused on the abnormal amount of backlog build where we've got to get product delivered to customers. And I think on a positive note, really when we were in the process of building that backlog in Q2 and Q3, while orders remained strong because our customers' businesses were disrupted, we weren't in a situation where they were really pounding on the door saying in most cases -- we need immediate delivery of this product, and we really saw that tick up in the fourth quarter, which is what drove the revenues north of $1.2 billion and I think it's that dynamic of our customers now looking to take delivery of that backlog that was built in the Q2, Q3 time frame, that is going to be the predominant driver of revenue for the next couple of quarters.
Neil Dougherty: I'd say a couple of things about that. So first of all, obviously, we've made a commitment to at least at a minimum be anti-dilutive with our buyback programs and we will continue to do that. But just as you saw with us in Q4, and frankly, over the course of FY 2020, we will be opportunistic when those approach. And so, we were very pleased to take 4.3 million shares off the market at an average price somewhere around $96 this year bringing the share count down. And so, when we see those windows, we'll certainly do that, but at a bare minimum, you can count on us to keep the share count constant. We did say in our prepared remarks that we expect in FY 2021 our share count to be 188 million shares, which is flat. So that's our base case we're modeling. When I think about capital -- priorities for capital beyond share repurchase, we continue to have an active M&A funnel development process. We continue to look for ways to put money to work through M&A and assets that are accretive to growth, accretive to gross margin, much like the acquisition that we did of Eggplant at the end of last quarter. So, no real change for our capital allocation priorities at this point in time.
Neil Dougherty: Sorry, let me repeat that, because I realized my mic was off. We continue to be very pleased with the progress we're making on gross margin. And really, there is a lot that goes into that. First of all, I'd start with software content, right. During this year, our software business continued to grow -- outgrow the broader company, until we continue to see nice growth in software and we continue to make great progress in the conversion of the way our customers buy software from us towards more time-based purchasing; so we've actually saw our annualized recurring revenue grow in the high-teens during FY '20, so that's helpful. We're making great progress; I talked about this last quarter in our services margin portfolio, that's a below average gross margin business for us. But on the operating mind, we have our services business now north of 20%, which has been a long-term goal, and a lot of that improvement has come on the gross margin line. And then, I would talk about our migration towards selling complete solutions across the entire portfolio, right. As we migrate to those complete solutions, they tend to be more highly differentiated, and we can monetize that differentiation. And so you couple that with the strength that we're seeing -- the strengthening we're seeing in the markets over the last couple of quarters. I mean, I think we're very pleased with the way orders -- the strength of orders really through the entire cycle of this year. But the strengthening in Q4, the broad indications of macro recovery across large portions of our portfolio, and large geographies around the world is -- as I think very favorable as we look into FY '20 -- excuse me, FY '21.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, it's a two-year program. So I'm envisioning, obviously, we're still a year away, but the FY '22 I think will be similar from a CapEx perspective. And we've essentially got some facility up; I would call it just -- kind of resiliency of our supply chain with some facility upgrades we need to do. In other cases, we're looking to get some alternative sourcing sites for some specialized productions for diversification purposes, those types of activities to just make sure that our supply chain is secure.
Mark Wallace: Yes, John, this is Mark. I'll follow-up with that. So the business -- our orders in China in Q4 were strong and steady throughout the quarter despite some decline, obviously, impact from Huawei, that came from strengths in 5G and it is extending across the ecosystem as we scale those solutions. As Satish talked about 400-gig is hot, high-speed digital and optical manufacturing. So it's a very broad industry for us. We've also seen the economic recovery in China. They recovered first and more quickly and we've seen that show up in our automotive order growth and general electronics. And the bottom line is, as Neil mentioned, our business in China is -- we have a very broad footprint, the business is strong. We've been successful and we'll continue to be successful to deploy and redeploy our resources to continue to capture growth in 5G and across the other segments.
Mark Wallace: Yes. What I would add is that the leading demand that Satish talked about is continuing and the length of the process of retooling the fabs is a very long one; so we're involved in relatively long sales cycles that involve both, the process nodes and new technologies like, with extreme ultraviolet lithography and we see those opportunities continuing to drive into next year. We see continued investments in China, as well as other parts around the world, including the United States with the chips program that was announced several months ago. So the bottom line is, we could see some market constraints coming in in the next couple of quarters, but we see continuing demand for our process solutions to support these next-generation technologies.
Mark Wallace: Yes. So Mark, I would just reiterate that we've already pivoted with the most recent regulations. And as a matter of fact, there were earlier ones back in June that was tied to the military and used customers in China and Russia and Venezuela that we also endured, and we made some changes associated with that. So, we're closely monitoring this thing, we'll continue to be 100% compliant as we always are, and we have built a core capability to pivot quickly and go after the additional business that's available to us. And as Neil just pointed out, for many, many quarters, we've been very successful in doing so.
