Ron Nersesian: Thank you, Vijay. I'll make a general comment then I'll pass it over to Neil to talk about the China implications and then I'll let Satish say a couple of things about our overall very strong 5G business. So with regards to China and Huawei in particular we are complying with all U.S. regulations and monitoring and assessing the situation as it evolves. There are certain circumstances during this next 90 days or this 90-day period where we can ship some products to Huawei, but we obviously have other backlog and other business that we typically do get for them that we will not be able to ship. Outside of this regulation our business is firing on all cylinders and we continue to grow and that's why we have guided $1.01 for Q4 in the middle of our range -- for Q3 which is in the middle of our range, despite taking into account all of these effects.
Ron Nersesian: I'll just add one other comment. As Satish had mentioned all of our regions grew triple-digits in 5G and overall, we were very strongly into triple-digits.
Ron Nersesian: I'll just add two more comments with regards to 5G. First I will say that even if you were to take Huawei out of our orders, 5G still grew 198% in the quarter. The second point that I'll add is 5G relative to legacy cellular technologies, our 5G orders have surpassed all of our legacy cellular technologies for the second quarter in a row. So, we have a very high growth component from 5G that is now larger on a dollar basis which will carry a higher weighted average impact to our overall average growth rate.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, hi, this is Ron. China is about 17% to 18% of our total business. We have looked at the indirect China impact on what is going on talking with our sales organization on a daily basis all of that has been included in the guide. Things can change in the future, but we're doing things such as redeploying our sales force from an account that can't sell on into other areas. On top of that Mark Wallace is also expanding the sales force and I'll let him give you a little bit of an update on that which will drive our growth.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Hi. This is Ron. And I will turn it over to Satish in one minute. Obviously, if you look at the growth rates of the other – of the competitors you can see how they're doing. We don't comment specifically on our competitors, but we will tell you a little bit about our strengths. And I'll let Satish fill in some of the holes.
Ron Nersesian: I'll just add a little bit more. We have really focused on operational excellence and we have a program that's in place across all 12,900 employees here at Keysight to improve operational excellence, which is part of our Keysight leadership model. But Neil has really hit the nail on the head. It's our differentiation, when our customers go ahead and they look at total solutions, which is not only the world's best hardware, but the best application and measurement IP and software as well as our services capability across a broad range of products, we bring solutions that cannot be brought to bear by many of our competitors. And this is giving us the ability to not only do a great job of selling our products, but to also capture this differentiated value.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. The first thing that I'll say is with regards to Huawei, if they cannot sell for instance into the U.S. and into some other countries that business will go somewhere else. And again they'll capture some of the business, but other business will go to players such as Samsung or Nokia or Ericsson and we're not here to predict which one will win, but all I can tell you is we've very strong positions in all of them. So some of that business can be displaced into some of their competitors. We do have a competitor in Japan and a competitor in Germany, Anritsu and Rohde & Schwarz but we have been significantly ahead of them and we believe we still will be very well positioned as we go forward in the future.
Ron Nersesian: I would also add on top of that, we are investing in R&D at a higher percentage of revenue than has been done in long period of time, if not ever. And you couple that with the life cycle investment that we expect to see in some of their solutions and we feel like we have some real movement that will happen there.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Thanks John. I will just say this we have a very, very full funnel right now. Obviously all of it has not been released but I'm going to let Mark Wallace tell you a little bit more about the details.
Ron Nersesian: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We really appreciate you staying with us and we really appreciated the chance to share these Q2 results with you. Obviously record Q2 orders for the highest Q2 in history, record revenue, record gross margin, record operating margin and record non-GAAP EPS makes us very happy. The other thing that was very impressive was our strong EPS growth at 47% in Q2 and 60% in the half and our $192 million of free cash flow, which was an 82% conversion. Also we're very glad that we were able to deliver to you a revenue and EPS significantly above the range. But what makes us even more excited is as we look forward, the margin expansion programs that we've been working on for years have paid off and they paid off early and we believe that will generate lots of cash for us as we look to the future and accordingly we have put in place a $500 million share buyback program, thanks to our Board of Directors. But we're very bullish on the future and on our growth initiatives going forward. Of course, you'll have a bump in the road here and there with some competitors but we are growing on so many different vectors, we look forward to reporting to you next quarter. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Vijay if you look specifically at the Huawei impact for Q3 we've reduced our revenue guide for next quarter by about $25 million as a result of the escalating trade situation in China. The impact in the fourth quarter is larger just based on the funnel of opportunities that we had which was more heavily weighted towards Q4 versus Q3 and in the second half of this year. I think to just to echo Ron's point, we'll have to have a bit of a reset for this customer situation that we're going to lose, but the underlying business continues to grow very, very strongly. We're very well positioned in a number of end markets that have -- that are just at the front end of the ramp in terms of automotive and 5G with a strong funnel of opportunities in aerospace defense that we talked about and so we continue to be very optimistic about how Keysight is positioned as we look forward.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, Brandon thanks for the question. I think there's a number of things. Obviously, at Keysight, we are consistently focused on operational excellence and driving improved profitability across the entire platform. I think in Q2 we did see a very favorable mix in our revenue during the quarter, both from software which grew faster than the overall rate of growth of the total business as well as some very favorable mix in some of our solutions platforms that were added into gross margins. So, we put up two consecutive quarters now of record gross margins with Q2 being close to 200 basis point improvement and over the prior record. I think as we look forward we're very encouraged by the gross margin profile that we see. It's not quite as strong as what we saw here in the second quarter, but we're very encouraged by the gross margin profile that we have which is driven by the solutions approach that we're taking to the market.
Neil Dougherty: Yeah. I think you hit most of the items. Obviously, we continue to see our software business outpace the overall growth of Keysight in total. And over the past couple of years that growth has been significantly above our long-term model. And as we've talked about, we have a great ability to drive leverage – profit leverage from growth. I think, if I were to step back big picture and say what's driving our improved gross margins, it's the fact that, we have changed our approach to go-to-market to one that's focused on end industries, and industry segments and bringing complete high-value solutions into the marketplace. And those differentiated solutions are enabling us to increase the gross margins. The other thing that we've talked about repeatedly is our kind of decade long at this point or more than decade-long effort to migrate more of our solution selling into our customers R&D labs, and really target the areas of manufacturing that are higher margin opportunities. And so all of those things in concert are now starting to hit and they layer on top of one another and are starting to have a very measurable impact for the company.
Neil Dougherty: Just what I said over the kind of intermediate term as we look into the second half of this year, the -- our gross margin strength and our funnel and then our backlog is strong, but it's not quite at the level of what we're seeing here in the second quarter. But we continue to see very strong gross margin as we talked about. We believe we've achieved and can sustain the FY '21 gross margin target that we outlined at Investor Day in March of last year.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We definitely see an intermediate to longer-term opportunity. We have a pretty dramatic improvement in Ixia's profitability. I think we're continuing to wait for the 400-gig ramp to hit the Ixia portion of the business. We're seeing that pretty strongly right now in Satish's business on the physical air side, but we know that the protocol layer sides are going to lag. And so we'll look to the back half of this calendar year or early next calendar year for those to hit. Ultimately with the business that has 70-plus percent gross margins the best way to fix the bottom line is to get the business growing again. I do think it's worth noting from a profitability standpoint just reiterating the points that I made on -- in the prepared remarks we have generated $50 million of cost synergies in this business or as a result of this transaction, but 70% of those synergy value is actually being realized within our Communication Solutions business and Electronics Industrial Solutions business. And you can see that in their increased levels of profitability. And so you couple that with the variable pay impact of having -- that comes with our variable pay programs that are based on organic growth and operating margin we're paying out at historically high levels. And the Ixia picture is far better than maybe it would appear if you just look at our segment results.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Hi, Vijay. At the onset I want to start by saying on a global basis despite the recent events we continue to see momentum on the 5G trajectory both for our solutions and the entire ecosystem that's scaling. In the most recent quarter all our regions -- all the four regions showed strong year-over-year growth. We've added 100 new customers in the first half into our 5G platform relative to the previous half. And we continue to see some notable highlights in the most recent quarter which illustrates my point. First, we saw component supply chain enter into 5G and based on the strength of our modular platform. Second the NEMs who have been declaring public contracts have actually been investing in ramping up capacity for base stations which is a positive. And third as 5G scales and deployment scenarios are being played out, the complexity as we've talked about has been high and we've recorded design wins for our deployment tools. Again very early stages, but hopefully paints the runway that we have moving forward.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. There's a lot of possible scenarios that can play out, but I would say if you look at the top drivers that we look at is the number of operators that are actually committing and are deploying 5G. Currently that stands at 20 and it's increasing. If you look at the number of network equipment contracts that people have declared publicly that's been increasing throughout the year. If you look at the number 5G devices that are being put out, it's about 30. So, those are things that we look at to say is the industry dynamic strong and it continues to be strong and healthy. If you look at the standards, I think you point out that the 5G standards are maturing and that's good for Release 15 of the spec. We're actually leading in the - from a global conformance validation perspective in enabling the industry to roll out the technology with interoperability as its core theme. So -- and with standards starting to work on Release 16, the innovation drivers, especially in R&D, continue to be strong and robust. And we see some reports that suggest that as share shifts occur, different players will continue to ramp investments and I think given the strength of our position over the last three years in 5G, we're well-positioned to capitalize under various scenarios.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yeah. Thanks, Ron. I'd say that, the first reason why customers buy from us is the experience that we've gained over the last three years working on 5G. This has been an imperative since the company was formed that Ron has laid out and we're continued to execute, but execute not just on our internal programs, but with our customers. The second reason, we feel good about our runway is because of the – our expansion into the software layers of test, which has gone on well. We've had 31 collaborations just this year that, we've announced with industry partners, which continues to build on some of the collaborations we've had, but also new customers who are entering our platform. And then third, it's all about the end-to-end equation. You hear about these as terms and jargons, but for us it means we cover the whole ecosystem with life cycle solutions. The only reason, we can do that is we have capabilities all the way from Anite to Ixia now that are providing us considerable insights and abilities to be able to execute to key milestones of our customers. So that's in short, our value proposition here.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yeah. I think a good question. To start-off, I'd say clearly, the ecosystem is ramping and it's ramping sort of based on regional needs some parts of the world, starting to deploy sub-6 gig first, and some have started with millimeter wave and the densification play with 5G. The strength of our platform is that, we've designed it to be modular from grounds up. You start-off with sub-6 gigahertz add millimeter wave or you start-off with an SA, which is the stand-alone version and get to NSA and vice versa. Because of this sort of ability to move seamlessly between different implementations, we're able to service the global ecosystem which is why our 5G orders for this quarter ended on a record note and we continue to see that moment build out.
