Ronald Nersesian: When you look at the core growth rate, Patrick, I think, the core growth rate is right, as far as the FX impact, there's no doubt that currency is affecting the growth rates of our business and other players' business going forward. But the good news is, for Keysight, we're hedged, so it doesn't affect our bottom line. You'll see our operating margin percentage creep up because unless revenue due to FX will generate the same profitability and generate a little bit higher operating margin such as why we were at 17.1% this last quarter. 
Ronald Nersesian: Unfortunately, at this point, because of the limited number of prospects that exist in the competitive environment, we're not commenting on what we plan to do in M&A. I will tell you though that our focus, which is all around improving our wireless communications portfolio, improving our modular offering and improving our software capability and extracting above-market growth rates from those 3 areas, would be the areas that are very important to us. Those are the main areas, but we will also look at other opportunities that seem to make sense. As far as leverage ratio, I'll let Neil answer that. 
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. We see the same thing that you see with the same private competitor, and we've noted that and noted that over the last year or almost 2. Fortunately, it's in one sector of the communication area, and that's in the production and test environment. So one of our long-term strategies that we've been talking for years is to move more and more of our portfolio from production test into R&D. The manufacturing environment or production environment is one in which there are more and more competitors, the barriers to entry are lower because the performance needs are lower, and it's all about cost and we've seen some competitive moves that are all just about price. So we continue to focus more and more of our investment in research, in development. And as of now, I'm happy to report that slightly over half of our total business is in R&D. Where, in the past, manufacturing was a bigger percentage for us. But that's a concerted strategy that we have to invest where there is still good opportunities to extract value and produce good returns. And we see that much more in R&D than we do in production. We are opportunistic in certain areas in production, but our primary focus is in R&D. 
Ronald Nersesian: We're starting to see -- right now, we see some very small investments, we're partnering with different players to go ahead and help develop the technology and we're working with folks like China Mobile to move that forward. But you will not see the volume for a period of time. I'm going to let Guy give a little bit of color commentary, but as he will explain to you, it's going to be a while before that really ramps in the P&L. 
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. At this point, what typically happens on the UXM side, in particular, is people will buy those products and they'll buy them for R&D. And they'll buy one, and they'll see how they like it and then they'll start to populate that around the lab. We've seen some good traction in that area, although it's certainly a multi-year rollout, or an effort of ramping. We also add new software capability along the line, but I'll let Guy talk about both of them. 
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Overall, we don't break it down by each one of the subsegments. In industrial, it was roughly flat on a core basis. There was a little bit of currency headwinds, but on a core basis, we were roughly flat on the industrial side. And the computer and semi business, which we report together, was down. But again, that was driven by really the semiconductor market, which had a spectacular year last year and delivered some great growth for us. 
Ronald Nersesian: Sure. Overall, there were no big surprises. Last year, in Q1, we were surprised that the aerospace/defense budget dollars were not passed out as quickly as the end-users and the government told us that they will be placing orders, and they were very frustrated to actually place the -- not get the money to place the orders, so we had a relatively low compare. So we expected that to bounce back. There was nothing that was significantly off from what we'd expected and what we were expecting to happen. The biggest thing is that Russia, we had expected Russia to decline, I had talked about that a couple of quarters ago. It held up a little bit longer than we thought. But now, we're seeing 2 effects: one, we're seeing clearly the fact of the FX or the currency lowering the amount of revenue that we get in U.S. dollars because they -- folks do not have enough buying power. So the bottom line is they can't buy the equipment that they want to buy because the ruble has depreciated so much. And that's probably the, I'd say, the strongest point is that Russia has finally contracted like we thought it would have a couple of quarters ago. 
Ronald Nersesian: Absolutely not. There's no doubt. For instance, we were very happy that we won some nice big contracts, multi-year contracts to basically provide calibration -- on-site calibration services for multiple vendors from some larger aerospace events players. The key thing is we have to ramp up and put some expenses in place to put our folks in. But we expect our profitability in this segment to be back up once that -- once we start receiving the revenue that corresponds with that and once we adjust the drivers properly. But we see the service, the whole service sector, to do 2 things for us: One, it's a good growth opportunity for us in the future; and two, it will be solidly profitable in the upper teens to 20% range. And three, it will be much more stable over time. So it will provide more of a recurring revenue base for us. As you see, in installed base of equipment, if our $3 billion a year worth of equipment lasts 10 years on average and many pieces of our equipment are out for 20 years, that's $30 billion worth of equipment that's out there that needs to be calibrated and repaired on an ongoing basis. So I really am enthused about the ability to move to more of an annuity model that brings in very solid profitability and helps derisk in the volatility that we have. 
Ronald Nersesian: I would just say that our used equipment inventory is low. So that implies that we do not have much equipment in that area and that it's been pulled out. I wouldn't call any dramatic shifts at this point but our used equipment is -- inventory is lower-than-average, due to the sales of that over the last year. 
Ronald Nersesian: Yes, Jim. Deal by deal that obviously, when you're talking about some of the bigger deals, you'll see the share jump around. But we have been very, very, very solid on the component side. So a lot of times, over the past years, everybody's been talking about winning final production test, and talking about that as far as winning major manufacturers. We have stated for years that we really see that our opportunity to create value is further upstream. What we do first with EDA design software, what we do for component test, what we do for validation way before it even gets into production. We're holding our own and doing very nicely. We came out with some new products that Guy has just talked about, that are getting traction. But you see network analyzers that are a big part of that, and we are #1, and we have more -- we sell more network analyzers than everybody else in the world put together. So we feel very good about our share in that area. As far as the cyclicality on the component test, it really is more on when phones are produced. So as you know, there is a component -- that there's a seasonal component to that, but as we see people with the capacity moving up and down, we see different types of purchases. One of the things that you also see on our website or you'll see in a press release from 2 days ago, we introduced a brand-new family of ENAs, which are Economy Network Analyzers that are exceptional for component test, and you'll see roughly 5 or 6 brand-new products that were introduced that are very, very powerful in this space. So not only do we have over 50% share, we just took our game up to a whole -- a whole another level. 
Ronald Nersesian: Well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining the call. I am pleased that Keysight delivered solid results as we guided one quarter ago. As I close, I'll remind you of the key attributes of Keysight. We're the global electronic measurement technology and market leader. Our business model delivers strong margin and ROIC performance and cash flows. And as a $2.9 billion company in a $12 billion market, it is clear that we have opportunities for growth.  Using our unique formula that combines technology leading hardware and software and our global network of experts, we are focused from the front line employees to the executive staff on maintaining strong profitability, while using our innate drive to go ahead increase our growth rate and deliver long-term shareholder value. Thank you very much for joining us today, and have a great day. 
