Ron Nersesian: Sure, thank you very much, John. Well, a couple of comments. The first thing is that we are --we have invested up and down the overall workflow for 5G. So we have solutions that exist in our EDA software early on when people are developing their designs, solutions for validation and verification not only of the hardware but now we have it a habit for the software that is done in R&D. We do have solutions too for manufacturing although that is not the main focus and then at the end of the lifecycle once things go into operations that's where Ixia plays in. So with our Ixia acquisition that bolsters up our overall solutions for the workflow along Anite Solutions that we have earlier in R&D. There is no doubt that our share is much higher than it was in 4G. In 4G, we did not have the funds to invest as heavily as we needed to in order to win in the protocol space. Clearly, as you look at the network space, as well as in many other sub areas. In 5G, we made this decision back in 2013 before we even went public. As soon as we announced the split we decided to go all in for 5G. So you will see that and see dramatic share gains between 5G versus where we are in 4G. I will let Satish also add a couple more --a couple more comments with regards to the overall 5G workflow.
Ron Nersesian: John I'll just add that we --I'll just add that we continue to pick up new customers. We announced four more customers for instance today four large customers and we continue to go ahead and see our business delivered double double-digit growth.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. We're seeing exceptionally strong orders from China right now because we have a broad base of solutions. We have solutions that we're selling for 5G for auto, for 400 gigabit, for A&D below certain performance level. And that has given us very; I would a strong double-digit orders as well as strong double-digit revenue growth for the quarter. There were some pull-ins but then again there were also some push outs and even if you were to factor out the push outs, we still had double-digit growth in China. So we are winning and the end users and the companies really want our products. So we hope to trade situation, gets a little better but it's not an excuse for us at all as we've seen outstanding order and revenue growth in China.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. The Ixia Solutions for 5G or later on downstream, so a product for instance first gets designed and they buy -- our customers by our electronic design automation software. Then they use our products to go ahead and to develop solutions at the physical layer. Once that's done you can start testing all the protocol layers whether it's for the handsets or the user equipment or whether you're talking about four base stations or for the networks in the cloud. So that follows what you typically see in the beginning. So as Satish mentioned, we're at the beginning of this 5G wave. And we will see Ixia accelerate because you can't go ahead and test the protocol until you've actually built out physical devices and then you start putting software layers on top of it. So we will continue to see the Ixia business accelerate in prominence in our business. And we're very excited with it for instance their new solution that we just came out with.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Well, I'll let Neil get a chance to talk a little bit about that. As you know, we've been integrating Ixia and we found areas where we could work together to improve our solutions and our processes for longer term growth and longer term gross margin. We actually had as you saw the record revenue even though was only up slightly from where we were in the past, but it was the highest level since the acquisition. Neil, I don't know if you want to add a couple of comments with regards to modeling on Ixia. 
Ron Nersesian: Yes. And just with regards our free cash flow conversion four years ago, we were in the mid-60% range we stated at our last Analyst Day, we would get it to the 80% to 90% range at this time. This quarter was exceptionally strong at 119% on our conversion. That's obviously above average, but we're very, very pleased with our ability to start taking that to the bottom line.
Ron Nersesian: 6% order growth -- 6% order growth for A&D and the book-to-bill was very, very close to 1. We think money -- as starts to flow, it will change.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. Well, first of all, the first step is component test. And the components are tested when you get to the final, let's say, handset or device that you're trying to test, the components have been rung out. There is very minimal test that is done at the overall device. And that's why we moved away from that. We are very strong in component test; we're the number one player in the products that are used. We have over 50% share in the network analysis business, which does all that component test and that's a very good business for us. The second is in base station test, and we continue to be strong in base station test and we have new solutions and we have, I would just say partnerships that are very good there. The other thing is when you talk about all this and you start moving to 5G, it's not just about getting the signal to the cell tower. You need to go ahead and overhaul the overall network to handle massive amounts of data from 5G as well as IoT in general. And that could be moved to 400-gig. And as we see that, we have a lot of products and solutions that are very, very strong in that area. On the end of device, let's say a phone or an iPad, there isn't much money there. So we are opportunistic, but we capture a lot of revenue and profit in components in base stations and in the network area.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. It's worthwhile to note that if you combine Q1 and Q2 as we mentioned last year, it normalizes out the fire impact where we had less shipments in Q1 and more in Q2. So as Neil had mentioned we have a very strong funnel going into the quarter. And if you combine Q1 and Q2 our guidance at the midpoint is 14% core revenue growth for the half and 41% earnings growth for the half without effectively neutralizing out fire seasonality. End of Q&A
Satish Dhanasekaran: Well, thank you, Ron. Just maybe a few points a strong 5G quarter for us extending our lead on the double-digit, triple digit growth that way of experiencing to 13th consecutive quarter. And when I look at the distribution of orders very pleased that we're seeing success across the ecosystem chipset companies, device companies, network equipment manufacturers, operators. And for the first time test labs even that are starting to invest in early 5G. And then when you look at the global spread, all regions participated in this reflecting the strength of our solution portfolio. There are no doubt the early R&D investments, some of them in the prototyping phase played itself out up to now, but if I reflect on this industry and look at the state of what's coming next, it's that --it's a scaling and it's still early days, but it's scaling for commercialization that's going to play out. And operator's interest is speaking as they vie to establish network leadership. And that's what's playing out and Ron referenced a few key design wins we had with lead operators in all regions in his narrative. But I would just want to end by saying it's still early days for the technology. We see that at scale the technology becomes relevant for consumers by at 2022 timeframe, plenty of innovation yet to come both from a standards point of view and from prioritization point of view. And from our plans, just this year we have a number of solutions that we will be launching. We just announced as a matter of fact the solution working closely with our Ixia Solutions Group just today.  So number of solutions that will launch this year and we're also planning for more as the industry scales. Thank you.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, I will do, Ron. So as we have talked about before with 5G there's the --there's a non standalone version which requires a lot of the 4G capabilities. So there is still continued innovation in 4G, but there's no doubt that the 4G and if you expand that question a little bit further legacy communications will continue to be down as 5G starts to scale. And in particular it's all about the way you characterize platforms too because increasingly as we roll new products and capabilities out, they will have some aspect of legacy comps built into them, but they get --they tend to be lumped in under our 4G orders. But, overall, you'll see between all our communications technology evolution focus is resulting in double-digit growth for the quarter. And we continue to see the funnel pretty strong for our business across the globe.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Well, thank you, Ron. I think as I mentioned before, Vijay, it's very clear that we're contributing broadly across the ecosystem of customers and across the globe. No doubt the countries that Ron referenced are building their local capabilities and many of our customers in those regions Korea, Japan, China and the Americas are dominating but definitely we continue to see broad participation for orders across the globe. In fact if you will attend Mobile World Congress, we look forward to hosting a number of investors, I know Jason Kary and Clay have put a schedule together and you will see on display a pretty broad diversity of customers who are actually applying Keysight technology to really showcase their pioneering innovation and 5G readiness. I hope you get a chance to see it live.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So we continue to see a very high level of demand for continued innovation investment across multiple platforms within Keysight. As we've talked about, we've talked about driving a 400 basis point improvement on our operating margins from 2017 levels. So I've got to get us into the 22% -23% operating margin ranges by 2021. And so we remain focused on that. You'll see as we look to achieve that we're really not looking to get leverage on the R&D line because of exactly what I've talked about the demand that we're seeing for customers for continued development were from Keysight. But you'll continue to see gross margin improvement from us as well as leveraging our general administrative functions to drive increased profitability over that horizon.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Jim maybe just a couple of comments. I think the specific quarter or a period of time when these businesses will transition to from physical to protocol layers is difficult to call. That being said, we're encouraged by the 400 gigabit growth we've seen in classic Keysight and Satish's Communications business over the past several quarters. And we think that bodes well for future growth and Ixia on the protocol layers. I guess if I was just going to summarize that we think relative to where we were in 2018 and where we are today, there's upside from Ixia both in terms of increased growth and increased profitability that will be net added at the Keysight going forward.
Neil Dougherty: Vijay, there is a problem with your phone. We can't -- it's very garbled. We can't understand --it's unclear. We have no idea what you're saying. Why don't we put-- operator, if we could put VJ back into the queue and let's move to the next caller and we'll come back to VJ at the end.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Ron I'll take this. Just to keep it simple we've essentially model a softness in semi through FY 2019 and we don't have detailed models going beyond that, but at least through the remainder of this fiscal year for us we're expecting semi to be relatively soft.
Neil Dougherty: No. We don't expect any immediate change to our cash deployment efforts. As we stated when we announced the share buyback program the initial intent would be to remain anti-dilutive and we expect to continue along that track. Obviously, we saw a pretty significant increase in cash flow generation this quarter. We do want to maintain some excess cash on the balance sheet so that we can maintain the flexibility needed to invest in the business. And as that cash balance grows, we'll continue to look at appropriate ways to deploy it. But we continue to have active M&A funnels continue to buyback shares and we'll continue -- no immediate changes to our cash deployment plans.
Neil Dougherty: Let me add to that if I could. So we grew 3% -- the revenue line grew 3% in total, but one of the two divestitures we completed within the last 12 months was specific to aerospace defense. So just for that, we don't typically talk about core growth at the segment level, but aerospace defense grew 7% on a core basis on the revenue line. So it was immaterial in total, but quite material to aerospace defense. And then as Mark said, we saw pretty good order strength in both China and the U.S. offset by weakness in Europe as -- from Russia which is what Ron talked about.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So I think we're, obviously, not satisfied with the 9% operating margin. We'll continue to drive that first into the mid-teens, and ultimately we expect to get operating margins in this business I can go ahead and start with the two as the first digit. I think the primary driver of that profit improvement will come from revenue growth given the high gross margins in this business. That's not to say there aren't other opportunities for us to do things but the primary driver that we're looking for is through the top line.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, we were very pleased with the performance that we delivered in Q1. We talked about it being a record for our first quarter. As we look forward to Q2, we have a very strong funnel of opportunities entering the second quarter. So, I think that bodes well. If you think about it from a seasonality perspective, we do typically see our strongest order quarters being in Q2 and Q4. And that's partially linked the way we pay our salesforce. We essentially have two quarter periods one for the first half one for the second half. So it tends to be a big push at the end of each of those which then leads to a little bit lower orders and correspondingly revenue in Q1 and Q3. So, that's how we typically think about the business but we have a great funnel of opportunities. We see broad adoption of our solutions across a number of ecosystems. Most notably the ones we've been talking about 5G, automotive, aerospace, defense; really had a great quarter for our software solutions here in Q1. So we're seeing continued increased penetration of software and that increasing as a mix of our overall order and revenue base.
