Ron Nersesian: Okay. Very good. The biggest surprise was Ixia. Ixia performed extremely well with 12% order growth and 15% revenue growth, and profitability that was at 9%, not including about seven points of benefit that gets a portion effectively to the other groups due to synergies that are represented in other P&Ls. So, we were very pleased with that and it was great to see not only network visibility but also network test turn on with the acceleration of 400 gigabit Ethernet solutions, which we have talked about in the past. We had mentioned in the past that it would take a little longer for that to turn on. So that was one. The other thing was 5G continues to be exceptionally strong. We had very high double digit growth there for the quarter and we had triple digit order growth there for the year, so we still see very strong momentum in 5G. The semiconductor business had a very good order pick up, not so much on the revenue side, yet you will see that flow later, but that was also very encouraging to see semiconductors turn on as we look at people investing more for 7-nanometer and 5-nanometer solutions where we played very strongly. Also aerospace defense was very solid. And we saw double digit order growth in aerospace defense in the quarter, and that's just the start.
Ron Nersesian: Unfortunately, we are not going to be sharing the details beyond Q1 at this point. But I am going to announce that we will be doing an Investor and Analyst Day in New York City in March where we will get a chance to talk about our model and our model going forward. As you have seen some of our results, we have pretty much blown through all of the commitments we made. For instance, 4% to 5% core growth on revenue. We have delivered 11% the last five years. When you look at gross margin, we said in 2018 we would get to 61% to 63% by 2021. We are here in 2019. We already hit 63% operating margin. We said 21% to 22%, and we delivered 24% for the year. Again, that's above what we had committed to two years ahead of schedule. And the same thing with EPS growth. We have delivered 17% EPS growth versus our commitment of greater than 10%, and we did the same thing in free cash flow conversion. So we will get a chance at the Analyst Day to give you more details on the model going forward, but we are very pleased to have exceeded those commitments and we see more opportunity in front of us.
Ron Nersesian: Tim, I am going to turn the first question on 5G over to Satish who runs that business and then have Mark, who is the Head of Sales, talk about talk about China and the Huawei impact.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. Toshiya, thanks for the question. So first of all, let's start at the highest level where we are approaching 60% of R&D and other pre-deployment types of solutions with manufacturing being close to 40%. So that's roughly the split. We haven't given that split for other businesses but certainly in commercial comms which is being driven by 5G, that is probably more heavily skewed towards R&D at this point than the overall business. So I think we can say that very clearly. But you can think of it about as a 60-40 split for the company in total.
Ron Nersesian: As we think about that situation where broadly obviously we have got the Huawei situation specifically, you have got trade more broadly, you have got things like the election and general manufacturing headwinds that have us a little bit more cautious going into FY2020. I think as we look at it though, we continue to believe that our end-markets grow in the low to mid single digits and that we are well-positioned as a result of our portfolio of solutions to continue to outgrow the market even in light of those headwinds and even with the Huawei situation that we are facing here in 2020 heavily weighted obviously towards the first half.
Ron Nersesian: Well, first of all, a lot of the bookings that we received in Q4 will flow out in Q1 not Q2. But the guide that we gave you encompasses that.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. So I will make a couple of comments about that. If you remember, this business was a $400 million business for many, many years. And if you actually went back to our very first Analyst Day after the launch of Keysight, we talked about growing this business to being a $600 million business and being able to do that by 2020. We are not going to hit that target on the revenue line next year, but we would expect that we would be able to come very close to delivering $600 million in orders in 2020. So on a very nice trajectory and continue to see great growth in that business. And it's an important part of our overall solutions offering.
Ron Nersesian: If you break it down, there are three main parts. One is our design software or EDA design software. The second is application software that gives customers answers versus just lots of numbers. And the third is platforms. And platforms such as PathWave will help tie everything together throughout the complete workflow. On top of that, we provide all types of software updates and that's why we are very pleased to see our over $850 million worth of software. You couple that with our services business, our ARR or recurring revenue continues to increase, which is the one of the strategies of our company. And just we had mentioned earlier, software orders were up 19% for the year and revenue was double digits at a lower level, but that's only because it gets recognized over time.
Ron Nersesian: And Rick, back to your original question with regards to Huawei and HiSilicon, let me just step back a little bit and talk about China. We were successful this last quarter of crossing the $1 billion mark in orders into China. And the reason I bring that up is we have a very broad portfolio across many end-markets and that is something that is a strength and continues to grow very well.
Ron Nersesian: Yes. To put it simply, I think some of the order strength that we saw was successful adoption of our electronic warfare or threat simulation platforms that Neil referenced to cyber and electromagnetic activities. And we are now embedded with all the major labs in the U.S. and some in Europe for that solution. And since it's a solution, it has a longer gestation period between orders and revenue. Now with regard to the outlook, at least for Q1, we continue to see order strength and funnel is very strong for our offerings. Obviously, we monitor the budget situation in the United States as that process evolves.
Ron Nersesian: And given our position with the government, not only is it a solution play, which makes it longer but also through the overall buying cycle is longer. So there is a bit of hysteresis in that process, which provides more stability in the business.
Ron Nersesian: Let me take the second part of that first and then we will let Satish handle the first part. So as we said on the order line, we saw a $40 million impact from Huawei within the quarter. So that's four points, roughly 4 points at the Keysight level, but a much greater level at either the CSG or commercial communications level, which is where that business is very heavily skewed. So we definitely are seeing an impact. But we are offsetting that and making it up via the strength of our portfolio and the broad set of customers that we have that are adopting those commercial communications solutions.
Ron Nersesian: I will just add one other comment that I made a comment earlier that our China orders were over $1 billion, I was referring to Greater China and Greater China obviously includes Taiwan and Hong Kong as well as Mainland China and that's how we look at the business. But just for clarification.
Ron Nersesian: Typically we talk about having a softer Q1 given the strong year end that we typically have as the way we finished our year from a sales perspective and we have people on year-end compensation. So we tend to start out slow in Q1. We do salary administration for the whole company in the first quarter of the year, which can put some downward pressure on operating margins for that first quarter. I think as we think about the whole fiscal year, I would guide you back to the kind of the macro level statements we have made in the past. Market growth in the 3% to 5%, us looking to outpace the markets even in the face of the headwinds that we have talked about. When we grow mid single digits or better, we can deliver a 40% incremental to the bottom line. So there is room for increased profitability even from where we are today. Obviously, we did a much better than that incremental this year, but we have come very far, very fast. And I don't think we are going to sustain the 90%-plus incremental that we have put up this year. But you can definitely think about that 40% incremental as a good way to model our business going forward.
Ron Nersesian: I will just add a comment that Europe is only 15% of our business or was 15% of our business as we looked at the last quarter. And in addition to the GEMS business or the general electronics business and Scienlab that Mark talked about, we also saw network test grow in Ixia.
Ron Nersesian: I would just add on software. Just to step back, when we launched the company, we had roughly $370 million worth of software orders and software revenue. And we finished this year with $853 million. So we have dramatically grown our software portfolio. And as Neil mentioned, we have much more opportunity in front of us.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Brandon, and then you asked a question about Huawei. The actual impact of Huawei on the revenue line was relatively small. Where we saw a bigger impact was in the order line. On a year-over-year basis, in Q4 orders directly to Huawei were down about $40 million and that includes approximately $20 million of orders which we took off the books due to just no direct path to be able to ship them in the immediate future. And so, we have debooked about $20 million in the quarter from that perspective as well.
Neil Dougherty: Nothing specific. The one thing that I would say is that we do continue to model internally 16% of revenue going towards R&D spend. We were a little bit under that in the back half of 2019. But as we move into 2020, we continue to be anchored on 16% of revenue going into R&D.
Neil Dougherty: No. We consider HiSilicon to be part of Huawei. And so we have a pretty significant headwind as it relates to that combination of customers. Roughly 2% total for the year, but pretty heavily skewed towards the first half with a 5% headwind in Q1 and a 3% revenue headwind in Q2. So it's definitely down from that set of customers over the [indiscernible].
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean I definitely think we have continued opportunity to grow software as an overall percentage of the portfolio as we continue this migration from just selling essentially test and design tools to selling complete solutions for our customers. Those solutions have much higher software and services content and that's definitely a trend that has a lot of runway in front of it. I think as you look forward, the big opportunities, I continue to point at 5G. We have very high software content in some of our cutting edge 5G solutions. So that's a big driver of growth, but it's also a big opportunity for us as we look forward, given that we are still in the very early stages of 5G deployment. Ron talked about our EDA tools. We already have very high market share in EDA. And so we are kind of growing with the market more than anything else in the EDA space. And then we are very excited about our PathWave platform, right, where we announced it a while back, but we are going to be designing tools into our PathWave platform for many years to come. And we are really just getting started in terms of connecting the workflow for our customers. And so I think there is a big opportunity for us as it relates to PathWave. And then the last thing that I would just comment on is another big opportunity that we see is the opportunity to take more and more of our software and convert it from kind of one-time sales to more time-based sales. I would say, we are a little bit behind industry norms as it relates to that, but that creates a big opportunity for us as we look forward.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Tim, first to the aspect of differentiation. The breadth of our portfolio combined with the leadership that we continue to maintain is clearly evident across the ecosystem. The extensibility of our platform, the experience we have gained through all the early collaborations and now with ISG or Ixia capabilities, we are layering on additional capability to help our customers scale and navigate through the challenges of 5G. Through the quarter, as Ron mentioned, very strong quarter for 5G orders. All regions grew from an order perspective. And our commercial communications group grew double digits in revenue, if you exclude the impact of the one customer that we just referenced. Very strong strength in orders from a device ecosystem, particularly the Tier 1, Tier 2 players. The test labs, the operators around the world are embracing our platform. So I would say, both for the quarter and for the year, very strong performance in 5G from traditional customers. But we also saw some 5G orders starting to appear from automotive customers as an example as 5G starts to scale. So when we look forward to 2020, I continue to believe given the massive commercialization that's occurring around the world, the runway that's there with millimeter wave adoption where customers are investing early for that, we think 2020 will be a big year for 5G adoption and we are very well-positioned because of the strength of our portfolio, as I mentioned before. And I will hand it off to Mark to make some comments on China.
Satish Dhanasekaran: I would take it. Yes. hi. I would say that we are very pleased, as Ron mentioned, with the recovery in the test business in Q4 maybe slightly ahead of our expectations. But I would attribute it to two factors. One is a slightly improving market dynamic associated with 400 gig where customers or new customers are entering that ecosystem and trying to innovate to address the technology challenges and help scale the technology. And the second one is really the differentiation of our platform and our solution AresONE that we announced last year in October that continued to build strength through the year. So to a large degree, you could say that most of the applications currently AresONE is going into is in the R&D/ early, very early validation phase where people are using it for more automated testing. The rest of our 400 gig portfolio continues to be strong as well in the physical layer including in production test where we had a pretty significant manufacturing test win this quarter. But our sort of outlook for 400 gig is a very steady sort of demand through the year at this point.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. It's a really good question. I would say that you are very insightful in that a lot of activity that you see that is an a public domain is related to Asia and some of the ramps are happening there in the sub-six gigahertz band. But what we see is also capability building out for a potential millimeter wave ramp 2021, 2022 where customers are buying ahead of it. The strength of our platform, I touched upon the extensibility of it. It allows customers to move from sib-six gigahertz to millimeter wave SA and NSA seamlessly. And that really gives us a strong portfolio and competitive differentiation that we are benefiting from. The other angle that I will probably highlight is the complexity with 5G even though there are some early 60 operators have deployed some sort of commercial service with 5G. As we start to learn from those deployments, the complexities informing greater investment in R&D driven by some of the dynamics such as over 2,000 band combinations.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Across the ecosystem and in particular in Q4 we saw strength from the top service providers who are embracing our platform.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. This is a good question. We have secured some early design wins this year that positions us well for the production ramps in 5G. So if you look at it in aggregate, we will maintain or gain position, especially as new forms of base stations, such as millimeter-wave and CPE devices become proliferate across the ecosystem. So we are well-positioned by the products and solutions that we have already had design wins with. And we are also layering in additional capability with PathWave that Ron just referenced where we have been working with Nokia to further accelerate some of the testing needs for base station manufacturers. And I just want to add also that this quarter and for the whole year as well, we had significant uptick for our modular vector network analyzers which are largely used for base station filter manufacturing. We have high share historically and we continue to do well in that market.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. With regard to your first question, it's a pretty dynamic situation. We monitor this carefully. Some of the announcements on licensing as we read it applies to very low-end technology capabilities, if at that. So it does not apply to some of the capabilities that we offer. At this time now, again, we monitor the situation and remain compliant with U.S. DOC norms. Thank you.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Thanks Satish. So Tim, we have talked about China in the past and it really hasn't changed. It's a very important market for us. We are deeply engaged with all the industry-leading customers, all of our customers over there. In Q4, our business in China was just above the historical average of 17% to 18% with strong growth across virtually every segment from general electronics to automotive to semiconductor and commercial comms. So the one customer that we are talking about is certainly a part of that but we have a very, very broad business, broad set of industries, broad set of solutions around the world and China is no different. And as I look forward, the automotive element continues to grow. Satish mentioned this. It has a tie-in to 5G and our solutions are really providing a lot of value to our customers around the world and including China. So we are very close to the situation. We will keep a close eye on it and continue to monitor the situation closely.
Mark Wallace: So this is Mark. I will answer that. It is related to the restrictions that are preventing us from shipping some products during the first quarter. So the demand is continuing but the products that we are able to ship is limited.
Mark Wallace: Yes. David, this is Mark Wallace. I will take that. So software is an ever-increasing part of our overall solution as we are delivering complete solutions to our customers. So that's a piece of it. We have also been very successful in implementing our software business model and our go-to-market strategy. So when we are selling software that's got a perpetual license, we sell support with that. We are now being successful with growing new business model offerings with time-based licenses. And we are always adding new features and capabilities, as an example that Ron talked about with PathWave 2020. So it's a combination of all those things.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Adam, this is Mark. It's a mixed bag in Europe. We did see some lower investments from some of the network equipment manufacturers, some of the chipset companies. There were some mixed results in aerospace, defense with some of the Western European primes. Russia was down. What's really showing though is that our general electronics business is up with growth from the broad portfolio of solutions that we have. We have invested in IoT-based solutions for a number of companies into education and research and we continue to grow that business and new customers across Western Europe. Another bright spot is the expansion of our Scienlab solutions to many customers around the world as well as across Europe. So it was mixed and those are the headlines.
