Neil Dougherty: Yes, so Rick, first of all, I checked your – I don’t know if we misstated something or if your math is wrong, we have core orders up 4% in the quarter, not 14%. Obviously, we saw strength in 5G, we saw strength in modular, we saw great strength in automotive, semi were the strong points, we saw weakness in 4G while aerospace, defense was significantly better than it was in Q1, it was below our average growth rate for Q2 orders as well. 
Neil Dougherty: Okay, I'm with you, I got you. So if you look sequentially, one of the big drivers of sequential growth then was aerospace, defense, we've seen a 20% decline in aerospace defense orders in Q1 of last year. Now it’s year over year, right? Year over year Q1 aerospace, defense was down 20%, whereas in Q2, the numbers were closer to flat, it was actually very slightly up on a year over year basis and so the sequential improvement in aerospace defense was the significant driver of the increase. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, that's correct. Obviously we saw really strong orders and revenue from our semi business, and that does tend to have a favorable mix impact in terms of the margin incrementals that we can deliver. So you are absolutely correct about that. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, that's fair. That is their historical gross margin level, and that is the level that we would expect to see from them going forward. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, hi Toshi, this is Neil. So obviously we don't provide specific guidance for each in the individual segments but I can touch briefly on kind of what some of the puts and takes are from a market perspective. We obviously continue to see investment in next generation technologies, 5G and automotive being two primary areas we would expect to continue to see strong growth as we move through the remainder of the fiscal year. As we touched on, we've had a very strong first half of the year in our semiconductor businesses, as not only do you see move to more advanced process nodes with the semiconductor build-out in China. We are expecting some moderation of that build-out here in the second half. Aerospace, defense could be a business that’s a bit difficult to call at this point.  On the positive side we did see the budget get passed in April, it did include incremental dollars for aerospace, defense but we know from historical data point that it does take a while to go from the passage of a budget to the actual time at which dollars start to flow. So I would expect aerospace defense to be soft again here in Q3 potentially starting to ramp in Q4 and some of those dollars will continue to get -- the dollars in the current budget will continue to get spent even as we migrate into FY’18. So that's kind of the puts and takes.  On the Ixia side, obviously the visibility business I would also mention is another high growth area. And so we’d expect to continue to see a strong growth in the visibility portion from Ixia as well in the second half of this year. I think it is important to note too that if you start to think about the second half of the year and what's included in our guidance obviously we'll be adding the Ixia expense portfolio particularly their R&D, we're continuing to invest heavily in 5G. And as we look forward we expect that our R&D investment as a company now will be close to 15.5% going forward.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so we provide in our IR materials that are posted on our website a breakdown of our revenue across the business groups. And we do provide some level of visibility to the aerospace, defense and commercial communications breakdown. We don't provide a further breakdown of the electronic industrial business to its sub-segments. I'm just flipping pages here real quick to get it in front of me here. But you can find that data on our web. So if you look at commercial communications for Q2 it was about 34% of the total; aerospace defense was 22% of the total. Our electronic industrial business which includes general electronics, semiconductor and automotive together was 29% of the total. Ixia obviously with only thirteen days was a very small sliver at 2%, and services made up the balance of 13% of total revenue.
Neil Dougherty: No, we haven't shared this number specifically, we did in our proxy statement disclose our 5G revenue – excuse me, our 5G orders for last fiscal year. And so you could use that as a basis point from which to model. And that’s really for competitive reasons obviously these are highly competitive markets that are moving quickly and we don't want to share too much information. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So obviously we don't guide the individual line items. But let me make a couple of comments, that might help you. So first of all, you're correct. Obviously we're going to benefit from adding -- on the gross margin line we're going to benefit from the addition of Ixia. You are right, you're adding on an annualized basis approximately $500 million of incremental revenue that has gross margin in the very high 70s in terms of where Ixia operates. So that's going to be a net-adder to the Keysight who has traditionally operated in the high 50s.  Now within Keysight’s portfolio we have a wide range of margins generally speaking. Our sales into R&D -- our customers R&D labs come with a higher gross margin than sales into manufacturing. Certain product lines, we talked about semi today having a favorable mix benefit from a gross margin perspective. But I think if you look historically at Keysight’s results we've operated in a pretty tight band, two to three percentage point band and Ixia has been operating in a similarly type band albeit roughly 20 points higher in total. And so I think your math is more or less correct and it's the type of thing you should expect from us as we move forward.
Ron Nersesian: Well, as Neil had mentioned, we saw about a 20% decline in the first quarter, and in Q2 orders were up about 1%. So, although it didn't flush through on revenue where in Q2 revenue was down because of the Q1 orders, we did see the Q2 orders flatten out and that's nice. It’s a little hard to tell what is going to happen in the budget cycle, but we look at the number of wins that we get in our position in the aerospace defense market, and we are positioned very strongly in that space and we're very confident with where we -- how we will turn out on a competitive basis.  As far as when the budget will jump up to the next level, it's hard to say. We did say there are three ways in which the budget or we could say that orders and revenue could increase, one was to get rid of the continuing resolution; the second was an increase in the overall aerospace and defense spending where Trump was talking about $54 billion at one point but it’s up any amount, and the third was by mix being more slated towards high technology which we strongly believe will be the case due to a little bit more of a slowdown of new programs over the past eight years. So we still look forward to those three upsides, but as far as the timing it is a little unsure, but we're ready for it as soon as the government starts spending.
Ron Nersesian: I’ll add just another comment – just a comment to what Mike has said. First of all, what we have won here in 5G on the protocol solution, we did not win in 4G. So this is pure incremental growth to us and Keysight being focused. The way in which we did that was we wanted to bring together the capability of Keysight with the capability of Anite and the capability at AT4. Obviously we made those two acquisitions over the last few years and the solution that we put together was by joining the best of hardware and software into a complete solution from those three companies. And that's what really made us to stand out that puts us ahead of the competition. So we're very very pleased with the progress and with the contributions that those two previous acquisitions have made.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, so let me just make a really quick comment and then I'll hand off to Mark Wallace here to add on. Obviously one of the themes that's been going on for several quarters in a row and an accelerated ramp up of investment of our customers in 5G and a ramp down of 4G spending that was happening faster than we had previously modelled, but I will let Mark to make some more specific comments. 
Ron Nersesian: Yes, so let me just make a couple of comments and then I'll hand off to Mike and potentially Bethany for some follow-on comments. So first of all, the Qualcomm opportunity was a legacy opportunity. I think as you think about -- as you think about 5G moving forward, the nice thing about our portfolio is we really participate in the 5G ecosystem at multiple points, right all the way from pre-R&D with our ESOP tools as people are developing the chips and devices that they're going to operate in 5G -- chip components, chipset devices, base stations and then all of that is ultimately going to drive a dramatic increase in data traffic back through the data centers. And so there's an opportunity for not only our data center business and the core Keysight, but Ixia to benefit from the 5G transformation. So Mike, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.
Ron Nersesian: Stan, again I'll make some initial comments and then hand it off to Mike. Again we think of these cycles as far longer than two or three years given that we really come in on the front end, as we sell into R&D solutions and that's more true today in 5G than it even was in prior generations. And so right now here we are, we still don't even have 5G standards developed yet and we have a very strong engagement in 5G. And so we do view these as far longer cycles than that. Certainly there's going to be a ramp as you start to look towards standards deployment either in – or standard definition either in ’18 or early ‘19 and then commercial rollout in the early 2010 timeframe. But Mike, I will leave it to you to add any additional commentary. 
Ron Nersesian: Yes, so obviously we did put up triple digit growth here again in 5G and we saw a very strong growth in 5G last fiscal year as well. As for the sustainability, obviously we're benefiting somewhat, that we’re at the very early stages of a ramp and so the numbers are still relatively small. But we certainly expect that 5G is going to continue to ramp aggressively. Now the growth rates are going to come down over time as the base goes up, but we're still at the very front end of a 5G ramp with -- still in a stage prior to standards developments, or standard definition. And so there is an awful lot of 5G runway that is out there.  As you said, the 4G business is falling off and it's resulted in a commercial communication segment for us that has been more or less flat last quarter anyway from an orders perspective. And so what you're really seeing is 5G, the next generation data center technology is offsetting the roll-off in 4G spending. Mike, I don’t know if you have any further comments on that as well.
Ron Nersesian: This is Ron. Just another comment along those lines, we’ve worked with Datong [ph] and they are the ones that sit on the standards bodies in China where that standards body for instance have to be -- you have to be from China to be on it. But it’s more an advisory member to them and we've been working with them for a while on 5G. Another one is Spreadtrum there about a month ago, and we've opened up a joint innovation lab that really helps out and helps the direction of 5G. Another one I was just visiting was SMIC, we have a partnership with SMIC and we put together a memo of understanding for collaborating which will move into 5G also. So we are working at the highest levels with the market makers in China to influence the standards and to be the solution provider of choice.
Ron Nersesian: So it is a great question. I appreciate the opportunity to provide more details. So obviously the acquisition has been closed for a little over a month at this point, and that's a month that we've spent really working hard to solidify and define the integration plan that we're going to be putting in place over the course of the next nine to twelve months, and to make sure that the assumptions that we had made about where we could get cost synergies from the combination of the two companies that those assumptions were correct, and making sure that we still had line of sight to the $60 million. So again six weeks or seven weeks post close of the acquisition, very confident in our ability to ultimately get to that $60 million and as you noted we're pulling forward the timeline on how quickly we're going to be able to get the first $40 million. We're not at this point ready to commit to upside but we do have a direct line of sight to that first $40 million and are working on a plan to get that out over the first twelve months.  If you look at where that's coming from, it's a combination of supply chain efficiencies as well as operating expense efficiencies primarily as we look to bring the two IT environments together. So those are the number one things that we will be working on here. The costs are coming out of -- from both sides of the equations. We're leveraging the best of both companies as we bring them together and are very pleased at what we have found as far as opportunities this far into our integration planning. 
Mike Gasparian: Sure. Well, you could probably get the highlights from the release. They've selected us for their new 5G network emulation, the solution is going to help them validate all of their RF workflows as well as the higher layers of their protocol for 5G. We've got a great scalable solution that we announced earlier in the months going from sub-six gigahertz up to 28, 39 gigahertz and we will do a great job of transitioning our customers from pre-5G to 5G NR to whatever the final standards are.  This is a pretty significant win for us from a number of perspective. First of all, the dollars associated with the win will grow as the 5G program grows at Qualcomm and expands. Secondly, they are a big time leader in chipsets and that part of the ecosystem really plays the role of early adopter and frequently serves as a reference solution for device makers in other parts of the ecosystem. So I think we're going to get some downstream leverage. And perhaps most importantly, I think this is a really big milestone. It was about three years ago where Ron declared the growth initiatives for Keysight and one of which was we want to win in 5G. And I think this win at Qualcomm is tangible proof that we're on the right path. And I think we've established ourselves in a leadership position where we have been and we will continue to -- investing aggressively to win. We've got collaborations all around the world with the market makers that we're leveraging, and we're really well positioned to help our customers accelerate the commercialization of 5G. So it's a really exciting story that’s starting to unfold for us now.
Mike Gasparian: Yeah, hi Vijay, I'm not sure exactly where you wanted to go with this question. I’ll make some general comments about 5G and then maybe a little bit of insight about how we manage it internally. From a 5G perspective, we continue to see acceleration of the 5G standard. Most recently the 3GPP committee pulling up 5G NR by about six months, I'm sure you know about that. That has been kind of -- in turn it's got all the global operators and it’s gearing up for large scale trials. Depending on where you are around the world, different spectrum is being utilized below six gigahertz, sometimes 28 gigahertz, maybe 39 gigahertz. So there's a lot of pressure on the chipset and the device companies from a manufacturing standpoint to be able to meet these new aggressive schedules. So that's why we've been working closely with our customers with all these collaborations and came up with this new 5G protocol R&D solution, it's scalable, cover all the global spectrum that's out there, requirements, and it's flexible enough to help people transition from wherever they're entering, this technology way, they could be pre-5G, 5G NR or eventually what the final specs will be. The other thing I'll just comment on, because the way we're structured is with the industry solution team, so Soon Chai really has a great handle on the automotive industry and energy industry. And buried within the Keysight structure we have centers of excellence. So we have -- I manage a center of excellence for high frequency measurements. I also manage one for digital and photonics. But for example, in the high frequency measurement area, that group will have expertise in millimeter wave technology, over the air testing techniques, and those centers of excellence as well as our technology leadership organization, our Keysight labs we will be able to apply that and basically provide that technology to any industry. So Soon Chai can draw on the centers of excellence from all around the company. A great example might be 77 gigahertz in automotive radar. The radar technology is primarily sitting in our high frequency measurement COE but it's accessible to and we work closely with Soon Chai’s industry group focused on automotive.
Mike Gasparian: I’ll just make a really quick comment. Even though the Qualcomm example that we've been talking about today is in fact legacy. As Ron pointed out earlier in the call, this was not a business opportunity we were able to pursue historically when 4G occurred. It was really the confluence of the Anite acquisition and the AT4 acquisition, they're bringing the protocol expertise into Keysight combined with our RF expertise has allowed us to have more of an end-to-end solution. With that I'll turn it over to Bethany to see if she's got any comments about Ixia.
Mike Gasparian: Well, no, I just think it's obvious that at some point in time in the future 5G is going to eclipse 4G. I mean that's not too hard to imagine. So we definitely think that's going to happen. Exactly when, I don't -- I can't -- I don't think it's completely modeled out nor would we share it at this point in time. But what I can say is our 4G sales I think feel like they're stabilizing. And also I don't think we’re going to see dramatic fall off from this run rate. And the 5G number continues to grow. So it's kind of a foregone conclusion that 5G will eclipse 4G going forward.
Mark Wallace: No, Mike, that's very accurate. We do work with the test houses and have actively worked with them through our relationships over the last several years. This is another area that Anite has brought a lot of strengths to us and we're going to continue to leverage that going forward. But as you say it begins at different points across the ecosystem. So as we're working early upstream with some of the chipset providers as well as the automobile manufacturers and some of the component suppliers that leverage gets propagated across the entire ecosystem, including the test houses that you're referring to.
Mark Wallace: Yeah, that's right. So in Q2 we saw this occur, especially in Europe we saw the decline in some of the year on year business as you compared to last year for 4G dropped off substantially, that's in both the test houses, conformance test as well as some of the 4G base station build-out. So that was seen there, and we saw in other regions as well a little bit in Japan, although we did see a little bit of a recovery toward the end of the quarter with some of the components supply chain part of the business. So it's definitely a transition, it's not going to zero but it's down quite a bit.
Mark Wallace: Mike, I would just add to just build on what you just said, unlike 4G and certainly 3G, there's just such a larger breadth of opportunities that 5G is playing into. From the things that you mentioned to low power low latency IoT applications, medical applications, we talked about automotive and how these industries are colliding, it affects the backhaul of data centers. So it's more than just pushing more through a wireless pipe, it's more than just streaming Netflix. It's about a whole number of different use models that are first of all completely global, this is happening everywhere in the world. And it's touching all these different areas where Keysight is participating and being dominant. So it's definitely more than a couple three years. If you think back from 2G to 3G to 4G, that occurred over a 20, 30 year period. So I expect this to be longer than just that couple of years.
Mark Wallace: Yeah, I'll take that. This is Mark. So progress in China is great. And part of this has to do with some decisions that we made as a company seven years ago in China as we started to see the changing landscape there, which is shifting from a manufacturing focus to an R&D focus. So we've been engaging with local indigenous companies in China, multinational companies in China. There's a lot of leadership coming out of China today with a number of companies and we're very well positioned. The collaborations that Mike talked about before, the example that we provided today with Qualcomm is representative of a lot of the work that we're doing around the world. And China is high in place for that. Also, as we mentioned before with the investments being made in developing local semiconductor capabilities and the foundries that feed into these industries, we’re also very well prepared there as well. So it's going quite well.
