Ron Nersesian: Yes, John. So, it's a couple of comments. So, first of all, as it relates to Q3, we ended up shipping about a little, you know approximately $10 million more to Huawei than we had originally drawn up when we were issuing the guidance three months ago. I think as we look forward, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we do see a muting, if you will, of the risk in Q4 because we are able to ship a portion of our portfolio into Huawei. And so that impact is more muted than we had originally anticipated and we've reflected that in the guidance that we’ve provided to you for the fourth quarter. I think as we look forward, as we've mentioned, Huawei has historically been a 3% customer, approximately a 3% customer for us. They were significantly larger than that in the first half of last year and with 2020 hindsight, it's pretty clear that they were buying ahead in anticipation of trade tensions. I think – so they'll need to work through whatever incremental inventory they've built up. And so, I think as we look to next year, we would expect Huawei to be maybe a 1% or a 2% customer for us, therefore, resulting into 3-point to 4-point headwind for us in the first half of next year.
Ron Nersesian: Tim, this is Ron, and I’ll take the second question and then pass it over to Mark Wallace. So, with regards to ISG, there are two different businesses there. One is network visibility and the second is network test. Network test sits right in the communications workflow and is very much connected to what happens in CSG. Network visibility is a little bit further down the line and therefore is able to get going without the integration directly. So, in network visibility, we had 9% revenue growth and we had 17% revenue growth year-to-date. So, we feel that we've integrated that business, stabilized that business, and we have turned that around and that is growing and doing well. The network test business, which is in a tough market right now really needs to play out in our next phase of our original vision. Our original vision was to provide solutions across the total communications ecosystem end-to-end and up and down the stack. And this next step in our evolution where we're combining it with the rest of CXG is something that myself and others had envisioned right from the start. And the reason is two-fold. One is product synergy and then in the product synergy area, for instance, they have introduced a 400-gig solution for AresONE, and we use part of the stack that was developed in Ixia network test in our BERTs are bit error rate testers. And there is much more opportunities on the product synergy area as we go forward. The second area is the sales synergy. I'll let Mark talk to that. But the key reason is, by pulling this together, we're finding more and more areas to drive product synergy and therefore, revenue synergy.
Ron Nersesian: And I'll just add one other comment that you may be wondering about. We had talked about at an earlier Investor Day of doubling our sales force from approximately 500 people to a 1,000. We are right on track with that. And that does not include the additional people that will move over from the Ixia sales force. So, that will be incremental of about 100 people on top of that.
Ron Nersesian: Well, on your first question, yes, it is impacting 5G in China. It is accelerating our growth in that area. Our order growth was very, very strong in China in the quarter. And again, with the races on where countries are competing for 5G growth, and we saw that also in China. So, we're very pleased with the overall results in that area.
Ron Nersesian: And John, just getting back to the second half of your question, I believe you asked about whether or not in China, there were other competitors that may gain from the trade wars. We don't see that obviously for other U.S. competitors. But for competitors out of Germany and out of Japan, they can get, let's just say a more consideration, but we're very comfortable with our overall differentiation, which will enable us to drive our growth throughout the world.
Ron Nersesian: I'm going to let Neil take this. Obviously, we only guide one quarter out, but Neil will be able to give you a little bit of color.
Ron Nersesian: Thanks. Why don't I take the first part of that and I'll let Satish talk? It's a small acquisition. It's substantially less than 2% of company revenue. We have a strong – as always, we have a strong funnel development process, but I think we set a high bar in terms of the types of assets that we're looking to bring into Keysight in the types of returns that we – that we like to grapple. We're always looking to reinvest, to drive growth and value expansion for our investors.
Ron Nersesian: And Brandon, this is Ron. A good way to think about Prisma is very similar to Anite, where it has capability to help us move forward in the software layers to leverage our overall 5G and communication solutions. And as far as utilization of our cash with regards to other M&A, as you can see, we're generating very strong free cash flow. We have $1.4 billion of cash right now. But if you take a look at our return on invested capital over the last 12 months, it's been roughly 26%. So, we have a high threshold. As Neil had mentioned, as far as our utilization of cash and we're going to make sure that anything we buy will always generate an ROIC above our WACC. And we've done about nine acquisitions and eight of them are in really good shape. And one of them we've got about halfway there.
Ron Nersesian: We are early. And 5G development continues for a while even if after manufacturing starts. We also mentioned that we do have some manufacturing solutions, but we're very selective there. We're only going to go after opportunities that give us very good returns. But we see a decade long evolution, at least in this 5G market and we're very happy with where we're at. I'll let Satish also make a couple of comments.
Ron Nersesian: Sure. I'll just say this. With regard to understanding what products we can ship and where they are, that was a moving target and it changed a couple of times. And we've sorted that out and we're very confident in what – not only what we did do, but in what we believe we can do if the regulations stay as they are. The new list that was just put out mentioning new entities, we've also looked at that and that's also in our guidance. So, I'll let Mark talk about that.
Ron Nersesian: The volume is not high. It's more or less prototype lines and an early start. So, we haven't come close to near the curve there of what we expect to see.
Mark Wallace: Yes, John. This is Mark Wallace. I'll take that question. So, we had mixed results in Europe. During the quarter, we saw growth in 5G, as we did in every single region across the world. We saw a growth in automotive. We saw growth in education and in the general broad customer base, including research. The two areas we saw some softness that offset it was in semiconductor, which we had a pretty tough compare to this time last year, to Q3 of last year due to some acceleration of business with one of our customers there, and we saw some general softness in aerospace, defense. So, I would say it's a mixed set of markets that we experienced during the quarter as opposed to anything broader.
Mark Wallace: Yes. And Tim, this is Mark. I'll just add to what Ron just said. This product synergy is going to be amplified by the changes that we're making to reorganization and sales, which is a continuation of the transformation that we've been doing for the last three years, further scaling our footprint across all of our global markets. Leveraging these really deep account relationships and access that we've built over years and decades into some of the same customer base. And then, as Ron has mentioned and we've talked about before, really enabling us to bring the complete set of end-to-end solutions to our customers. So, I think this really ties it all together.
Mark Wallace: And Jim, this is Mark. I just want to add one thing to the 5G discussion. And that is that we're seeing a strong demand and growth for our services. As a part of this business and overall, we saw double-digit order growth in services in Q3. And if you think about the expansive nature of these solutions and the complexity associated with them, we're selling more and more professional services. And now that we're into the second and soon to be the third year of deploying some of these network equipment emulation solutions, I'm really excited to see some of the opportunities grow for us to sell continuing services to help our customers to be successful.
Mark Wallace: Yes, Rick. It's a fluid situation. It's changing, as you just pointed out, most recently in the last few days. So, we're focusing on this. We're complying fully with all of the export regulations. And as we pointed out in following those, we were able to ship some products and some more products than we originally had thought when we guided Q3. But I don't want to lose sight of the broader China situation. We have a very strong and broad business in China. And it's a very important market for us. The prior headwinds beyond the export control issues with semiconductor and some of the RPL customers that we've been talking about for a year now, they still remain and yet we had very strong double-digit order growth in the quarter in 5G, in automotive, in aerospace defense, in the broad industries, in semiconductor. And so, we've got a very strong position there. Matter of fact, when you exclude Huawei during Q3, we still deliver double-digit order growth for the quarter. So, yes, Huawei is built into our assumptions. We're looking at it very closely, but there is a broader story there that's very strong.
Mark Wallace: Yes, Brian. This is Mark. I'll take that. So, there's a lot of competitors in China, and we are continuing to focus on delivering value as we've just been speaking about. So, when it comes to the highly differentiated solutions and our global connection across these ecosystems, we have a very clear differentiation. So, I think we're winning a lot of that business. There is some lower-end commoditized business, including some companies that are based in China, that we're seeing an increased activity level as you might imagine because of the trade situation. And with the ongoing growth of all the industries that we've talked about in China, there is always going to be competition. We take that competition very seriously. But we're going to continue to focus on our strengths and differentiating at being first to market with the products that we're bringing to our customers. And then globally, it's kind of hard to tell. It's hard to speak to that in a general sense. But I think, again, what we're doing today with our focus on solutions and being first to our – first to market with customer solutions is a differentiator that we're driving across all the regions and we continue to be very successful.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I'll just take the first question. This is Satish. With regard to 5G, so we continue to have strong momentum in 5G this quarter yet again and our strength is pretty broad as Mark Wallace referenced. And it's really a reflection of our portfolio, which is intended to be broad and applicable to the entire ecosystem end-to-end and across all the regions where we saw customers adopt our solutions. A particular driver that if I may highlight amongst everything is, the GSA reported that well over 100 devices have been announced for 5G most recently through the year and the number of subscribers who will have access to 5G-ready devices next year would be north of $60 million to $70 million. That's a pretty big number. And we saw that reflected in some of the R&D spend that was coming from the Tier 1 and Tier 2 players in the smartphone space. So, it continues to be strong and our differentiation holds and because of our lead in the 5G standards, we continue to do well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you. As you know, a big part of our success and expansion in 5G has been in the software layers of test where we have made this a strategic priority. And we've made some acquisitions of Anite and continue to invest for the position we have. We believe we have a leadership position here. But having said that, as 5G evolves, we see opportunities in new areas, like with RAN disaggregating and virtualization, and other areas where our collaboration with customers has been very close. And as you saw from the press release that we had with Nokia as an example. To continue to build on this trend, we're always looking for great talent, teams with credibility, and Prisma Telecom Testing has had over two decades of experience, specifically focused on helping base station designers overcome the software layers challenges. And it's a great team and a great add, and while the revenue today is a smaller fraction of Keysight, I know it will add and strengthen our 5G platform and build on the runway we currently have.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, we agree. I think with 5G, obviously, the first used case is the enhanced mobile broadband of the smartphone used case and that's playing out. And even there, we're still very early days, with the first device is just being announced. So, that will play out over next few years. And then we believe with Release 16, a new use case is coming online, the runway is there. And obviously, for Keysight having being with all the leading vendors, very early on in their design phase, continues to give us the strategic advantage. The other point I want to highlight is we've always believed in this thesis and we've talked about it, that 5G because of the technology changes, the presence and upgrade cycle for testing – design and testing, you can start to see that in our numbers and you're starting to hear that on other conference calls as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Okay. Well, thank you. I think the first thing is our – our 5G momentum continues, as we have said before. Our commercial communications, you can look at the – the segment growth rates have been double digit as Ron has mentioned. And we continue to do well across the – across the entire ecosystem in 5G and it's still very early days. With regard to the upgrade question that you had, for most of the test tools that we are talking about, 5G represents a complete change, higher frequencies, wider bandwidth, which means the physical equipment is different. And then even in the protocol stack, the diversity between the non-stand-alone and stand-alone that we talked about also represents a pretty big opportunity for us, not only for a test equipment replacement, but also a continuous software mix changes and you'll start to see our – that reflected in our margin profile as software becomes a bigger part of our business. So, that's the other piece. With regard to Prisma, we're very pleased with the acquisition because we have been engaging very closely with a number of the base stations and small cell equipment designers, especially in the software layers of test and Prisma brings the expertise and the installed base with that customer set that allows us to build on the strength of our 5G platform. And I'll let Neil make some comments on the materiality of Prisma.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. For – in the broader sense, it is still very early days for manufacturing at the 5G ecosystem level, but our solutions have gained a good penetration with all the major players.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, we do have some seasonally higher expenses that we're expecting here in the coming quarter that we think will impact profitability a little bit this quarter. Obviously, we've, over the long term talked about an operating model, which delivers a 40% incremental on revenue growth and we've been over the past couple of quarters really exceeding that by a very, very large degree. So, we have some pent-up demand for expenses and some seasonality around year-end sales commissions and other things that will impact our profitability in the fourth quarter. But we're comfortable with the long term, and we're pleased that we were able to raise both our revenue and earnings estimates this quarter.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Obviously, Brandon, it's a little bit of a difficult question, given some of the macro uncertainty that exists today. I think what we would focus on is that we're very confident in the strength and differentiation that exists in our portfolio and we're very confident in our ability to outgrow the market and our competitors regardless of what set of economic circumstances take place. I think we still see strong secular trends in some of these big growth areas. As we talked about, the 5G ramp is accelerating and China is kind of leading that today, but we expect other countries will soon follow. Auto is the other one that obviously where we would see – expect to see a little bit of an arms race going on, as folks across the globe will look to get out with the EV and increased levels of autonomous vehicles out into the marketplace. We'd also expect aerospace defense to have a good year next year. So, as you know, we operate in a diverse set of end markets, both from a market standpoint, from a geographical standpoint, with the broadest portfolio in the industry, which is very well-positioned and so we're pretty confident going into next year.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I mean, I'd focus – start on the gross margin line. We did talk about in the second quarter having some really favorable mix that kind of drove that to be rounding to 64%. I think we're comfortable in the 63% range as we look out over foreseeable horizon. Moving down through the P&L, continue to see a tremendous amount of demand for research and development activities coming from our customers. So, if anything I see upward pressure on the R&D line, particularly relative to the past couple of quarters, right. We're running close to 16% year-to-date, but we're close to the 15% for the last two quarters and so. You could see that trending back up toward 16% next year, given some of the demand that we see in the marketplace. But overall, we feel like we're very well positioned and are pleased with both the profit and cash flow that we've been generating.
Neil Dougherty: Let me do that. So Prisma, as I said is substantially less than 2% of revenue, think of it as closer to 1%. We're obviously baking into our forecast that level of revenue. So, it's a relatively small impact. It's a profitable business. But we're excited for what they bring both in terms of the talent of the people that we brought onboard and being able to bring on a technology that's additive to our 5G portfolio.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We definitely are seeing as part of our 5G portfolio a significantly higher software content than in prior generations. You took the words out of my mouth. If you're going to point to a single driver, that is the biggest driver of the margin improvement. You coupled that with the fact that we have a highly differentiated portfolio and an early lead to see the advantage of being a first mover in the marketplace, but certainly, that the software – the software component or the software portion of 5G is higher. And we do believe this is sustainable over time.
