Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Satish, and hello, everyone. Our performance this quarter once again demonstrated the resilience of our business. We delivered on our commitments and exceeded expectations as we powered through multiple challenges and new headwinds in the quarter. In the second quarter of 2022, we delivered revenue of $1,351 million, which was above the high end of our guidance range and grew 11% or 12% on a core basis. We generated $1,458 million in orders, up 9% or 11% on a core basis. During the quarter, we suspended our operations in Russia and canceled our entire backlog of Russian orders. Core growth adjusted for Russia was 13%. Demand again outpaced supply, and we ended the quarter with over $2.4 billion in backlog. Turning to our operational results for Q2. We reported gross margin of 65% and operating expenses of $489 million, resulting in an operating margin of 29%. The strength of our results highlights the resiliency of our business and our team's ability to execute despite significant supply, cost and currency headwinds within the quarter. We achieved net income of $334 million and delivered $1.83 in earnings per share, which was above the high end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 183 million shares. Moving to the performance of our segments. Our Communications Solutions Group generated record revenue of $963 million, up 10% or 11% on a core basis. CSG delivered gross margin of 66% and operating margin of 28%. Within CSG, commercial communications generated revenue of $672 million, up 11% with double-digit revenue growth in the Americas, driven by strong demand for 5G device and component development as well as network test, O-RAN and terabit R&D. Aerospace, defense and government revenue of $291 million grew 7%. Our backlog for this end market remains strong, and we reported solid growth in the Americas and Europe. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group generated second quarter revenue of $388 million, up 13% or 15% on a core basis, driven by strong revenue growth in automotive and semiconductor. EISG reported gross margin of 62% and operating margin of 30%. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the second quarter with $1.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents, generating cash flow from operations of $298 million and free cash flow of $245 million or 18% of revenue. Share repurchases this quarter totaled 1.9 million shares at an average price per share of $153.78, for a total consideration of $289 million. Year-to-date, we have purchased approximately 3 million shares for a total consideration of $495 million. Now, turning to our outlook and guidance. The demand environment remains strong for Keysight solutions. As in recent quarters, our revenues continue to be constrained by tight supply conditions. However, we have demonstrated our ability to effectively navigate through this environment, and we remain confident in our ability to execute and deliver on our commitments. We expect third quarter 2022 revenue to be in the range of $1,330 million to $1,350 million and Q3 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.74 to $1.80, based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 181 million shares. We now expect full year revenue growth to approach 8%, which given the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar now includes a 2-point year-over-year headwind from currency. We're also raising our earnings growth expectation to 14% to 15%. Despite quarter-to-quarter dynamics being difficult to predict, we have confidence in our raised expectations for the year. In closing, we have a strong track record of execution. Our backlog is at an all-time high, and we are well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities across our diverse set of end markets. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Obviously, we saw in a situation where -- this is Neil, by the way, where demand is outpacing supply. And so, we have not at this started to pull lead times back down. I would call our lead times generally stable. I'd say, they're slightly creeping north at this point with demand continuing to outpace supply. But by and large, on average, we see a lot of stability in lead times currently with the goal to work them down over time as the supply chain situation ultimately starts to loosen.
Neil Dougherty: I'll take the first part of that, the question about the guide. As we've already stated, our revenue situation is still highly constrained by the supply environment. And we had significant outperformance in Q2 as we navigated the tight supply environment and did better than we expected. And so, -- but what you can read into that is that a significant portion of our Q2 outperformance was shipment of orders that we had originally or going into the quarter had scheduled to be in Q3. And so, that's great news, and we're pleased with that. But that -- on a quarter-over-quarter basis, that can be a significant impact. I would say that the guidance reflects our best estimate as we see it at this point in time. This quarter-to-quarter perturbations can be very difficult to call in this environment. We certainly have the backlog to do better if -- depending on how incoming supply works. And I think the point that we want everybody to focus on is that we are taking up the full year guidance significantly from 6% to 7% growth to approaching 8%. And that 8% growth, as you noted, has kind of new and significant FX headwinds. We saw a very significant strengthening of the dollar within our fiscal second quarter. We now have a 2-point year-over-year headwind in the second half that we're baking into account. And on the full year basis, we have a 1.5-point relative of FX. Just from November, when we put out the 6% to 7% guide to where we are today, saying approaching 8%, there's a new 1.5% FX headwind baked into that. And so, we feel very good about the situation as it currently sits and are pleased to be raising estimates for the year.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So, I think you need to take a close look at our Q4 performance in FY21, which was a bit of an outlier at 31% operating margin, a full almost 4 points higher than the prior -- the sequential quarters leading up to that. And so, I think as you -- and the other -- one of the big drivers within the fourth quarter of last year, if you look at it, we had a sequential decrease in R&D investment that was quite substantial going from Q3 to Q4. And that is atypical. And so, we would expect increasing investments on a sequential basis as we move from Q2 to Q3 and then again as we move from Q3 to Q4 as we invest in the future and the future growth of our business. And so, again, we remain optimistic about our business. And some of these quarter-to-quarter perturbations can be difficult to call, but we are raising our both, revenue and EPS guidance for the year quite substantially and are focused on executing.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So, in prior quarters, we've talked about an expectation or thinking that we would see some material improvement in the supply chain situation in the second half of this year. To this point, we have not seen that. And in fact, I think if you look broader across the tech industry, there's an argument that things got incrementally worse in Q2, are more challenging, driven by the Russia-Ukraine conflict as well as the COVID shutdowns in China, even though those COVID shutdowns don't impact us directly. I think for us, we look at the items that we can control, our own capacity both for finished goods as well as for the subcomponents that come out of our fab and technology centers that feed our instrumentation. We look at our relationships with our suppliers, some of the engineering efforts that we have to quantify -- or to qualify new parts or secondary sources to open up new sources of supply. Those things are paying dividends for us and have contributed to the revenue performance that we've been able to deliver. And so, -- but as we look forward, and you asked specifically about the guide for the second half, we are still very much supply chain-constrained. And so, what that really bakes in is kind of our direct line of sight to delivery of the piece parts that we need to get products out the door and into the hands of our customers. It's a situation that's being very actively managed, but I think we're doing a good job of getting product into the hands of our customers on a time line that is acceptable to them.
Neil Dougherty: I'll take the first part of that, and then we'll let Satish or Mark address the silicon photonics part of the question. So, yes, with regard to the OpEx spending and the return of T&E and facilities costs, we didn't -- honest answer is, we did not see a lot of that in Q2, right? The Omicron spike, if you will, was kind of right in the middle of our second quarter, and we did not see any meaningful kind of return to -- of travel, entertainment and return to office. We have recently, more at the beginning of Q3, started to bring our employees back to our physical sites in . We are starting to see travel and entertainment not return to normal, but starting to reramp here more of a -- as more of a third quarter event. As regard to inflation, we're seeing cost of inflation in a number of different places across the P&L. And I think our action -- or our challenges with managing that is to capitalize on the differentiation that exists in our portfolio and look to monetize that where we can and continue to bring differentiated high software content solutions to the marketplace so that we can continue to manage that. I think if you look at the margin performance of the business, we're doing a good job to date managing those inflationary increases across the P&L.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Well, first, you're absolutely right. We do not expect that we're going to reduce backlog at all this year. In fact, we would estimate in the current supply environment, which we expect to be challenging through the remainder of our fiscal year that we're going to continue to add to backlog. I think, how the backlog eventually winds its way from where -- from its current elevated levels to a more normalized level is really a function of how the broader supply chain situation resolves itself, right? And it's only educated guesses at this point because the honest answer is we don't know what that's going to look like. But I'm not expecting that there's going to be a step-function improvement across the supply chain that allows us to flush backlog over a one- or two-quarter period. I think it's going to be much more a function of us slowly bringing our quote and lead times on products down and slowly working that -- the backlog down to more normalized levels.
Neil Dougherty: And then, the second part of your question was have we accounted for FX in the guide. To the extent that FX has moved to date, yes, that's all baked into our guide. I had mentioned that it's about a 2 percentage-point headwind on a year-over-year basis in the second half. And relative to when we put out our original full year guide of 6% to 7% growth, there's an additional 1.5 points of unfavorable currency. So, we're raising from 6% to 7% all the  8%,  but there's an additional unfavorable 1.5 points of currency baked into that, again, based on rates as at today.
Neil Dougherty: I mean, the backlog -- the biggest issue there is the backlog does create a little bit of a delay between the time at which we might impact a price increase and the time at which that price increase would be recognized in revenue, whereas it seems like on the input cost side, the cost increases are much more real time, particularly if you want to secure delivery of product. And so, that mismatch is something we're very actively managing, but it can cause some quarter-to-quarter perturbations if the timing gets off. But I think, generally speaking, we're doing a good job of managing in this inflationary environment and protecting margins.
Neil Dougherty: Not a lot yet. Obviously, we've seen the market pullbacks, but seller expectations still seem to be kind of linked to prior valuations. So, we're watching that closely and very actively managing our funnel, staying disciplined with regard to our return hurdles and hoping that we get the opportunity to act on some of these targets. But right now, there does seem to be a little bit of a mismatch there.
Neil Dougherty: We -- it's about 2 points. So, core order growth within the quarter was 11. Adjusted for Russia, it was 13. We canceled low-$20 million kind of backlog for Russia. It has historically been a 1% business for us.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Hi, David. Thanks for the question. As you saw from our results this quarter, we had a very strong quarter from a revenue perspective. We're very pleased with the strong execution progress of the team. And the five-point program we've been running around strengthening our relationships with suppliers, finding alternate sourcing, being nimble in this environment has really paid rich dividends, along with some of the other initiatives we have. And while the supplier environment remains, in our view, pretty challenging, but we have found a way to find more upside. I would say that the demand from our customers is robust. And our customers want the products as quickly as we can make them, and we're shipping them as quickly as we can. So, the supply situation does remain challenging to the point you made, but we've been able to find a way around it. Thank you.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Thank you. I think, the auto business is very exciting for us for more than one reason, I would say. First, very strong quarter, obviously, building on many quarters where we've seen a very strong uptick in the business, primarily driven by this decade-plus long trends of electrification, autonomous driving. And we're actually feeding a number of these engineering labs with our tools and capabilities and solutions designed for this end market. We're engaging with the OEMs globally. We've had some successes, as I reported, in this quarter. And we're also working with the entire ecosystem with the Tier 1, Tier 2 suppliers, the semiconductor houses that feed the auto and the test labs that are just growing across the world. So, it's a growing ecosystem. We're expanding our portfolio into EV, particularly around battery test, charging test, in-vehicle network testing as an example. And in AV, we're very excited by the new solution that we have offered for autonomous drive emulation, which is enabling in-loop, real-time, synchronized sensor evaluations, and this is a build on our 5G platform and capability. So, we're very pleased with the progress we're making, and we know that we have a long runway ahead with automotive.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Thank you, Samik. Of course, aerospace and defense business has been historically, as we have talked about, a GDP-plus business for us. It's very broad with 50% of the business tied to the U.S. or North America. And we're excited by the number of new areas that we're applying our technology to, space and satellite being one of them. And 5G and 6G adoption into this sector is a new opportunity for us. So, independent of the budgets, we're pleased with the traction we're making in applying our technology to offer new solutions. The budget is obviously a huge stability. I think the fact that you have bipartisan support for the defense budget growth in RDT&E line item for this year and then subsequent growth also projected for 2023, we view as a favorable sign. I think these geopolitical tensions tend to provide more stability not only in the U.S., but we're also expecting a similar uptick in Europe, and therefore, technology spend. But as we know, this business is an average over the long term, and we have been doing better than GDP, and our intent is to continue to do that and offer new solutions. With regard to the quote activity, I'll let Mark make a few comments.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Samik, this is Satish. Just to add on to what Neil mentioned. We have a very solid backlog position, over $2.4 billion. The demand continues to outpace supply. We know the challenges out there, but we feel very confident, and we're very prudent in our guide to ensure that we execute flawlessly. And we are continuing to be nimble and agile. And as Neil mentioned and I mentioned earlier, to execute to our commitments, we take it very seriously.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Meta, I think if you look at the entire customer base of Keysight, the amount of inputs that we're getting for strong collaborations is at a record high. Customers deeper engagement with us, and they are -- very often are engaging us much earlier in the design cycle. So, we are very well positioned, given the strength of our relationships to be able to act on some of your inputs where it matches our strategy and continue to progress it. If I look at the semiconductor activity all the way from new silicon wafer starts to the cloud, there is a tremendous amount of designs that are occurring both from traditional players moving up the stack and from system players that want to verticalize and own the IP and well positioned to be working with all these customers across the wireless, wireline and even the fab to progress some of their strategies and enable them to be successful. And we're very pleased. I mean, the silicon photonic solution is very unique, it's an industry first, and we're very pleased with the design win we're getting because with each of these wins is a deeper collaboration to understand where the future is going and define it. Silicon photonics is one of the technologies that is seen as a possible solution to the high-throughput demands of a data center and cloud environment. So, it's another area where Keysight is opening up a new franchise, which will continue to position us for future growth.
Satish Dhanasekaran: And we also view this as a favorable long-term trend for our business to enter a given quarter and having higher confidence in -- with the backlog. And as we think about the growing solutions that we're engaging with customers -- and these are deeper, longer-term relationships and they tend to give us very good visibility into our business. And we're pretty bullish by the growth prospects across the wireless, the wireline ecosystem, our industrial business. We have multiple vectors of growth around these big mega trends that is driving some of this backlog as well.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think at the simplistic level, we're tethered to the R&D spend that's occurring. And if you look at it, the entire ecosystem is spending to continually innovate on range autonomous capabilities. And it's a long-term driver. And if you look at the organic R&D investments being made by automakers, it's only poised to increase with time. So, I think that would be the closest external dynamic I would point to. I would also say, if you look back even a few years ago, the number of in-house labs to  and own generation of R&D from automakers was fairly sketchy, but we're starting to see more investment there across the world as more and more cars have more of these EV features driven by the bigger ESG goals and environment concerns around the world.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Mehdi, thank you for the question. Absolutely. I mean, you look at our focus around offering total solutions to customers, this has been our strategy since then, and that is really separating ourself. Our strategy is very clear. We look at some of the most tougher challenges in the industry that we serve, and we offer solutions. And by definition, it has higher software content. And over time, we've layered in services, which allows us to work with customers through their life cycle needs. All of that is favorable to our ability to continue to grow margins in the business and help offset some of the inflationary pricing pressures that we face.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Thank you, Mehdi. I think as you heard, multiple end-market exposures we have. And as you stated, towards many critical -- mission-critical applications, we're really bullish on the long-term opportunity at Keysight to create value. And so, congruent with that, we continue to be committed to this disciplined, balanced approach for capital allocation. First priority is obviously to invest for organic growth and differentiation, and we're seeing a lot of opportunities as we engage with our customers. Second, we are disciplined with M&A and -- but we're continuing to look for opportunities. We have a strong funnel, but we remain patient to make sure that it fits our hurdle as we have done in the past. And of course, it has to make sense for our strategy. And lastly, where we see opportunities, like the current situation, we believe that we will be more aggressive and take advantage of the return of capital through share buybacks as we have done this quarter. And we'll continue to remain on it. We have $600 million of previously authorized share buyback that we can still deploy, and we'll continue to deploy it as we see opportunities at these levels.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Thank you, Jim. As we stated, as we are starting to go beyond the core products and that engineering teams use, which is lab instruments into more solutions, they have a higher weighted average of software and then greater ability to monetize through services. So, we're still very early innings in deploying those things. The latest ADE offering that we have, we're building it on top of our 5G platform, which is rich with software. But also as we expand into the application layer, as we bring more real-world challenges in the auto industry into the lab, we'll continue to see the opportunity be bigger over time, and we're investing to realize that.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. It's a great question. I'll have Mark answer the first part of it as to how we're doing with orders. But I'll say you're right. I mean, as we have -- when we started the company and when we thought about general electronics business had a bigger correlation to manufacturing customer base. And over time, we've been adding more R&D applications and focus to the team as it has been able to bring in some newer end-market applications, such as digital health and IoT. And it continues to move up the value chain with our customers. So, over time, we would expect it to continue to be more in that direction. Another area of focus for that group is also around advanced research. As I noted, we had some announcements with the Singapore -- with a university in Singapore around quantum. We also had a major win in terahertz research associated with that business. So, we continue to ensure that we're seeking more value-added, sustainable, durable opportunities in that business, but that business historically has had a little bit more manufacturing exposure than the rest. So, I'll just hand over to Mark to speak about...
Mark Wallace: And Matt, hi. This is Mark. I'll address your second question on the kind of customer dynamics in Europe and Asia. So, in Asia Pac, we had double-digit order growth again as well as in China, where, as you noted, we had the COVID protocol restrictions and lockdowns. And it’s really a continuation of our ability to dynamically pivot and work with customers while both, in a face-to-face as well as a virtual remote nature. So, it's a testament to the broad strength and demand of our business across multiple industries and segments. In Asia, in particular, we saw strong continued demand and growth in automotive and semi, 400 gig, 800 gig, terabit, all of those things. So, very stable there. In Europe, we did see an impact, obviously, from the Russia cancellations. So, we had double-digit order growth in all regions except for Europe. But again, the demand continues. We saw a robust demand for our semiconductor solutions, again, automotive, our commercial comms across the European region. So, the broad interactions and dynamics with our customers so far remain pretty much unchanged.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Samik, this is Mark. I think just to add to Satish, the budget in the U.S. was approved. It was increased. And as we've been watching our customers, both the direct government and the prime contractors, we expect some of that funding to start flowing to new program starts here in our second half. So, we look forward to that. And as you probably know, as many of the programs nowadays are multiyear, this will flow into the fiscal year '23 and beyond. And you've been following what's going on in Western Europe as well with increased spend from the NATO nations, we'll see how that flows through. We expect that to be favorable as well. And then, I think the last thing I'll just mention is there are other aspects of this industry segment that are representing new growth opportunities for us around space. Commercial space in particular is a very hot area for us we continue to focus on. And then, the continuing modernization that we've been talking about for many quarters or years is a long-term trend that we're very excited about. We see a strong funnel of opportunities going into the future.
Mark Wallace: Hey Chris, this is Mark. I'll just add one thing to what Satish just said, and that's -- it makes it harder to track for you and for everyone. But there's so many different elements of what's happening with this transformation within the whole mobility space, whether it's the electrification of the drivetrain; the connectivity to the external network or communications within the vehicle, which we just announced some solutions to, to the charging infrastructure, which is being funded heavily by multiple nations as part of this transformation, to the millimeter wave and high-frequency technology around the sensors. It's just remarkable, the computational capabilities. And that's why this is such an important space to us is it intersects with all these areas of strength. And we continue to innovate with the industry leaders around all of the global ecosystems, as we said earlier. So, it's a long, long runway with all kinds of different elements of innovation.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Thanks, Satish. Yes. Rob, we saw some moderating order growth during the quarter, mainly because of some softness in education. With some of the delays to the government spending and some of the other priorities that have come upon the funding, we did see some softness there. But we saw a lot of new customers in growth from R&D solutions for digital healthcare. We've added nearly 500 new customers again in the quarter, which helps to diversify our base and represents this broad base of industries across multiple segments and so forth. We saw strong demand continue across Asia with several new wins around the R&D solutions. And as Satish just mentioned, there have been some real bright spots around advanced research with our university. So, GDP markets are affected more or less with some of the activities in the geopolitical situation, which I think translates to some of the moderating growth we saw. But all in all, we see a continued demand for some of our advanced R&D solutions.
