Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron and hello everyone. As Ron mentioned, the Keysight team delivered another outstanding quarter and better-than-expected results as robust demand for our differentiated solutions and continued macro recovery resulted in strong growth across all regions. Second quarter revenue of $1.22 billion was above the high end of our guidance range and grew 36% or 33% on a core basis versus a soft compare due to COVID-related disruption. Q2 revenue growth was driven by broad strength across all markets and geographies as the Keysight team navigated macro dynamics and supply chain constraints. We achieved second quarter orders of $1.332 billion, up 22% or 19% on a core basis. Turning to our operational results for Q2, we reported gross margin of 64%, which increased 170 basis points. Operating expenses of $467 million were well managed, resulting in operating margin of 26%. As discussed last quarter, variable pay expense increased approximately $30 million sequentially as a result of higher revenue growth and operating margin. We achieved net income of $270 million and delivered $1.44 in earnings per share, which was above the high end of our guidance. Our weighted average share count for the quarter was 187 million shares. Moving to the performance of our segments, our Communications Solutions Group achieved second quarter revenue of $877 million, up 34% while delivering gross margin of 65% and operating margin of 25%. Commercial Communications orders and revenue in the second quarter were all-time highs. Revenue of $606 million increased 30%, driven by continued investment across the 5G lifecycle. Aerospace, defense and government revenue of $271 million grew 46%, resulting from strong demand across all regions, primarily in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific, followed by a strong recovery in Europe. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group generated record revenue of $344 million, up 42% or 37% on a core basis. Order and revenue strength was notable across all regions, particularly in Asia-Pacific. Semiconductor, general electronics measurement and automotive solutions orders and revenue all grew strong double digit. EISG reported gross margin of 64% and operating margin of 28%. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended our second quarter with approximately $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and reported cash flow from operations of $402 million and free cash flow of $369 million or 30% of revenue. Our capital allocation priorities are unchanged and are focused on investments in organic growth, value-creating acquisitions and share repurchases. Under our share repurchase authorization during the quarter, we acquired 1.59 million shares on the open market at an average price of $138.36 for a total consideration of $220 million. Now turning to our outlook and guidance, we expect third quarter 2021 revenue to be in the range of $1.205 billion to $1.225 billion, which represents 20% revenue growth at the midpoint. We expect Q3 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.39 to $1.45 based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 187 million shares. In closing, we are entering the second half of the year with strong momentum. We are pleased with our operational execution and remain confident in our ability to drive growth and deliver on our commitments. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: Yes, Mehdi. Hey, thanks for the question. So yes, you are correct. And as I had indicated last quarter, we were expecting a very sizable sequential increase in our variable pay expense in Q2 relative to Q1. Given that one of the primary drivers of that payout is organic revenue growth and we had the soft revenue comp a year ago because of the COVID disruption. So, we saw about a $30 million sequential increase in variable pay as a result of that. And then I will hand it over to Satish and he can address your millimeter wave question.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So, I mean this quarter wasn’t unusual. Obviously, we delivered 36% revenue growth. That’s the total. There was – some of that was, it was inorganic. But with those high levels of revenue growth, it drives our variable compensation towards the high-end of the – of what is possible. I think as you look forward next quarter, we still have a reasonably soft comp. We are guiding into the kind of low 20% range, which is still quite aggressive growth and it’s going to see variable comp high again in Q3, not quite as high as Q2, but still quite elevated. And then we start to get to more normalized comps during the quarter and a little bit more of a return to normalized levels.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. Mark, I don’t have a specific update for you to that prior number. But obviously, we exceeded the high end of our guidance range here in the second quarter. And you’ve seen our guide for Q3. So, I think at the margin, things are trending a little bit better than they were when we made that statement 3 months ago. But I don’t have a specific update for you at this point in time.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. We did a modification to our pension schemes in the Netherlands and had some settlement expense as a result as we transferred those liabilities to an insurance company.
Neil Dougherty: And David, if I could just add on. I like your characterization of the vertically integrated supply chain potentially making us a little bit less susceptible to some of the supply constraints than maybe others are facing. As I sit and look at it, the challenges with regard to movement control and social distancing do make it a challenge to add capacity during these times. And so I’ve talked about in the past, our seasonality being more muted at least through the first part of the year. I think those things are going to really serve to keep that kind of muted seasonality in place really through the end of this fiscal year.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. I think the most important thing at this point, we feel like we are doing a good – I am sorry, I didn’t have my microphone on. Sorry about that. I said I think the most important factor at this point is that we feel like we’re doing a good job meeting the needs of our customers and getting them the product that they need in the time lines at which they need it. And while we’re not immune to some of the supply chain constraints that are out there, I think we’re doing a good job managing them. We’re benefiting from having to vertically integrated supply chain. And we are making investments to add capacity. Obviously, our revenues are going to be up substantially year-over-year, but not just because of the soft comps, very substantially over 2019 levels as well, and we will continue to make the investments necessary that – to get products into the hands of customers.
Neil Dougherty: I think you’ve seen a pretty balanced use of capital from us. As we mentioned in our prepared comments, we generated $1 billion of cash over the last four quarters. We spent $500 million on M&A, just under $500 million on share repurchase. And I would expect you continue to see balance as we look to invest in the future growth of our business. I think specifically as it relates to share repurchase, we’ve committed to at least being anti-dilutive with our buyback program. But we’ve proven, with significant buybacks both in Q4 of last year as well as in Q2 of this year, that when appropriate, we will step up and be more aggressive.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So let me take those questions. First of all, with regard to our free cash, obviously, we’re very, very pleased with the cash generation of the business. Cash penetration was unusually strong here in the second quarter. I think there are a couple of drivers of that. One is the increasing deferred revenue balance as a result of our push into software and services and building recurring revenue. So that’s a great long-term trend. And there is one significant timing difference, which we’ve already talked about. And that has to do with the variable pay. Obviously, we’ve recruited that variable pay based on what was earned here in the second quarter, but that will not hit the paychecks of our employees until Q3. And so there’ll be a bit of reversal of that over the course of a couple of quarters, because we expect accruals to be high here in the third quarter as well. As it looks to gross margin, we are seeing, in some cases, some increasing input costs. But as we’ve said, most of our highly differentiated ICs are manufactured in-house. I think that helps shield us. I think long-term, if you look at our business, the push that we have, again towards increasing software content, increasing recurring revenue, the migration of business into selling into our customers’ R&D labs, the move towards complete solutions that are more highly differentiated, all of those things are helping to drive the gross margin performance that you’ve seen in this business over a number of years, right? At the time of our spin, we were in the mid to upper 50s, and now we’re in the mid-60s. And so I think we’ve got a lot of great momentum in that space. And as we continue to build software in our solutions portfolio, I think there is still room for further improvement.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. Hi, Mehdi. As we have said before, millimeter wave is a long-term opportunity for Keysight. We are already seeing a pretty steady business for millimeter wave offerings from our customers for the past few years. So, we expect it to continue to grow. Again, we are on the front-end of something that’s going to play out over the next decade because of the progression in millimeter wave spectrum from 20 to 40 to 70 to 90 gigahertz. And then with 6G coming in with terahertz, so there is a big long-term roadmap that’s playing out. Specific to your question on 5G, maybe I can offer a data point. If you think of the certification being a critical parameter for 5G devices, about 150 devices are being certified right now. About 30% of them have millimeter wave in it. So that paints the picture hopefully. And the total number of 5G devices right now that are being released is about 700. So, it sort of gives you maybe a framing on where we are. It’s still very early days.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, John, it’s a good question. With regard to the deployment scenarios globally, as we all know, China started to lead the 5G deployments. And with the C-band auction coming in, the major announcements from the U.S. operator referencing a roadmap to deploy more 5G in the country, we view it as a positive. We saw an uptick of our – in our business in the U.S., specifically for capabilities in the C-band this quarter, and we view the funnel and pipeline to be strong there. But again, not to get too siloed on one spectrum, because at the end of the day, our customers are looking to test for creating devices and products that cater to the global marketplace. And right now, we have 9,000 different band combinations that our customers have to test for eventually. And today, they are testing 2,000. So – and we are enabling all our customers who are staying in the lead and we feel good about our position there.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. So the commercial comps front, again, was broad. It covered both the wireless and wireline, so it’s 5G on the wireless side and 400 gig on the wireline side as well. We also saw some recovery in our network visibility business as enterprises are planning for return to work and thinking about what that IT infrastructure spend looks like. So those all looked favorable, so generally, a very positive dynamic. Specific to the application layer, we identified a few areas around the different end market verticals and new applications to focus on about a year ago, and that’s paying rich dividends. On the new application front, it’s the Open RAN, where it’s an open virtualized network, bringing in new customers and more players into the ecosystem. So we had strong demand for our solutions that we launched in Q1 and – Quarter one. And on the new vertical side, we gained traction with a lot of the aerospace and defense companies that are looking to invest in the DoD’s 5G program. So both those are going very well. And when we look forward, and look at the funnel for both these opportunities, they are very healthy, and they are very rich with customer – strong customer collaborations that are building.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. I think it’s band combinations. But you’re right that the more frequency spectrum in a heterogeneous manner that gets deployed, the test intensity goes up. And if you think of a typical device maker or companies in the O-RAN space that are putting radio and CU components together and they have to do the testing, the amount of time they have to do the testing doesn’t go up. And so essentially, some of the COVID restrictions, of social distancing and all that, essentially means that customers have – are looking at ramping up capacity for the future. But it’s a steady demand that gives us confidence in our long-term outlook for the business. That’s just one dimension of capacity. The other ones being all of the complexity associated with Release 15 deployments and now with Release 16 ramping up, we have new capabilities to offer such as what you saw with our press release with MediaTek this quarter.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. One more point to Mark. The Biden administration has just released their first pass-through budget for ‘22, and it actually points to a higher number. That combined with any other potential technology spend from the administration, we view as a favorable dynamic.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes. The automotive market had a very solid quarter in quarter two and is driven by some return to normalcy for manufacturing. And I know that as the automotive end market production is projected to increase in the second half that should be a favorable dynamic for the business. But consistent with what we saw even through last year, the demand for R&D offerings in auto continues to be steady. We actually saw an uptick in that, especially around EV and AV. And our funnel for the automotive EV offerings that we have is very strong looking into the second half. We just launched solutions to solidify our EV portfolio in charging test, and we continue to see a long runway for those offerings.
Ron Nersesian: Hi, this is Ron. As you know, in the last quarter, we exceeded our revenue guidance. And you have seen our guide for the next quarter, very pleased with the performance and how we have been able to deliver the revenue despite what’s going on in the world. Of course, we see some COVID manufacturing decreases in capacity as well as some supply chain components shortages. However, we planned ahead. We fought for those. And the most important part is that when you look at custom ICs, which have a very, very long lead time for many folks in the industry we have an onsite fab that creates and produces all of our custom ICs. So that enables us to basically have complete control of that supply chain for the critical custom parts. We are very confident in the guide that we have. But there is no doubt that we have built backlog and our order book is strong. So, as the world situation unravels, we could increase revenue even more and more in the future.
Ron Nersesian: Thanks very much, John. And please note that the comp that we are talking about, the variable comp is for all employees in Keysight and that is paid. One big factor is revenue growth, and you saw our revenue growth number, which is driving that near the extreme limit.
Ron Nersesian: No, our manufacturing is very well distributed. We have the largest test and measurement factory in the world in Penang, Malaysia, but we also have facilities that do development, early production runs as well as produce certain products in Europe as well as in the U.S., but the bulk of it is overseas. We don’t manufacture anything of scale in China. So, that’s not an issue to us. And Penang seems to be in a very good position to capitalize on any type of regional shift.
Ron Nersesian: No. We actually saw strong order results and order growth as well as revenue growth. Mark will tell you a little bit more about it. We did have about 3 points of headwinds from Huawei, where this is really the second to last quarter that we expect to have that. But despite that, we had very strong order and revenue growth. And I will let Mark, our Head of Sales give you a little more color.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, John, I’d just like to point out the fact that Xiaomi was effectively – the trade restrictions were loosened, is a positive sign for us. Not so much the account of Xiaomi, but the fact that there is some progress that is being made.
Ron Nersesian: Hi, Rick, this is Ron. Our assumption is that our book-to-bill will be about 1. And we have strong backlog, and we expect to exit Q3 with strong backlog.
Ron Nersesian: It’s also worthwhile to note that if you look at software and you look at services, not only do they both have great double-digit order and double-digit revenue growth. We’ve seen more and more ARR, which is going to go into the backlog and let’s put it this way, slow a little bit how that peels off, but it will provide a great consistency of earnings as we go forward.
Mark Wallace: Yes. Thank you, Ron. John, it is another quarter where we have mitigated the impact from the headwinds, as Ron said, about 3 points during the second quarter. And we pivot to other opportunities and other customers. It really exemplifies the breadth and strength of our business as well as the investments we’ve made in our direct sales organization there. And we’re seeing strong opportunities and growth across China in semiconductor, 5G commercial space. Automotive is really starting to pick up, and then general electronics as well. So, I’m very pleased with what we’ve seen. We’ve got one more quarter in Q3 with some headwinds, but the bottom line is our business in China is strong with this broad footprint of customers.
Mark Wallace: Yes, this is Mark. No, we really didn’t see any evidence of that. What we saw was some – a little bit of pent-up demand from the impact of COVID last year, which we kind of expected it to somewhat offset the trade headwinds that we talked about earlier. We watch cancellations very closely. They were at a record low for the quarter, and we’re seeing, again, this steady, broad demand. So we have no signs thus far that there is any material pull-in of orders.
Mark Wallace: Yes, Jim, this is Mark. As I said earlier, we do watch for this, and there is really no evidence. Our funnel is very strong now for many months as we continue to supply our solutions. The results, as you’ve seen, are very broad-based. And unlike other industries, as you point out, oftentimes, the planning associated with customers procuring some of our systems and solutions can go out many months. So, it really doesn’t lend itself to that sort of double booking, if you will. If you look at semiconductors, one of our stronger segments, we see activities that are a year or more out in preparation for outfitting a new fab or growing capacity. So it makes it very difficult to see any sort of hedging or double booking. And as I said before, we really aren’t seeing that occur thus far.
Mark Wallace: Yes, Brandon, this is Mark. As we’ve said, we’ve had an ongoing focus on aerospace defense and aerospace defense, both in the U.S. and around the world. The orders that we saw during the quarter were very strong across Western Europe as we saw increased program funding. Business in Asia was up. We had several strategic wins as was mentioned earlier for 5G. So the long-term growth drivers are really remaining in place around the whole defense modernization with space and satellite with the addition of 5G. And we are continuing to see our funnels continue to grow as these investments continue, so, growth across multiple regions and strengths in the next-generation technologies as they are going to be deployed over, really many years.
