Ronald S. Nersesian: Patrick, one other point that I'll add is that, when 4G was being rolled out, we were organized around product divisions. And we were behind the competition. We are focused for 3.5 years ever since we made the decision to split off from Agilent in the last two-plus years since we've been a public company on making sure that we win in these spaces, especially in R&D, which is the first place where you would see revenue flow. We now, as you know, have a new organization and we have a group that is focused on commercial communications that reports in to Mike, as well as aerospace defense, but in commercial communications, what they do is, they bring all the hardware products, software products and, in total, a complete solution to the customer. So, when I had mentioned earlier about NarrowBand-IoT solutions and other, we have the organization setup so they can pull all the pieces that are necessary and bring them to the customer. And what we're finding is a much, much higher win rate than we found in the past. So, the timing for 5G, we've talked about that in the past and that hasn't changed that much, except the race is on and people are accelerating their overall programs, but the key thing is our competitiveness is much stronger than it used to be.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Hi, Brandon. This is Ron. When we look at the total spend, there's two things that we would like to do as we've really tried to make sure that we grow faster. One is to make sure that our R&D development engine is working on the right products and working more quickly so we have more mass behind them in order to be successful. And then the second goal is to make sure that we beef up our sales organization, and in particular our direct sales organization so that we can win, and also win where we compete and that we can also go ahead and have more broad coverage. So, both of those things are where we're putting more and more of a percentage of our revenue, and the other areas we're looking to continuously pare back and become more efficient. Some of them as we grow, we will not expand and other ones we're looking for basically cost savings to fund that area. When you look at the field sales organization, there are people that are out that are doing direct selling and then we have folks that are doing support. We're trying to become much more efficient in our sales support, so that we can go ahead and put a higher percentage of our sales cost or sales investment towards direct selling efforts to accelerate growth. I'm going turn it over to Mark Wallace, who is the Head of our Sales Organization, to give you a little more detail.
Ronald S. Nersesian: ...that wasn't mentioned when we talk about the overall mix. Our Services business continues to do very well with 11% order growth in Q1 and 5% revenue growth, but we're really starting to see some good traction there, and that is part of our long-term model.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Sure, Richard. Well, first of all, in the future, we're not planning to be talking about modular, and the reason is this. We've shifted the way we're focusing for growth as opposed to focusing on particular products and talking about what are the customer sets we're dealing with and how do we grow each of the customer sets around the Communications Solutions Group or the Electronic Industrial set or the Services customers. And that way, we're really making sure that we optimize the overall growth and not trying to just push on particular products whether or not they need it, customers need it. So, that's why we've shifted all of our growth initiatives along these vectors and we're not talking about module. I will say, though, that last quarter just to give you the last data point, we grew roughly 20% in modular and certainly the Communications businesses is a good part of that.
Ronald S. Nersesian: The organizations are going ahead and before they would always start with the feature-rich box and then talk about down deploying at the modular, now we're seeing in certain cases, certain products and solutions are coming first in modular, because of the ability and the time to market to get there. But of course, in a lot of cases that's not the best solution for the customer. So, it does come out in feature-rich boxes, but Neil has hit it right on the head. We feel very comfortable with the way that we are focusing on Solutions including software, modular, feature-rich boxes, services and that's really becoming a differentiator for us, especially with the well-established leadership companies.
Ronald S. Nersesian: Well, first of all, there's two areas in particular that we're focusing on and that is on automotive and power. And both of those markets, we saw really nice order growth in that area or in those areas during the last quarter on the order side. The third area is semiconductor. And semiconductor, when we look at parametric test, we have very high market share and we do a real good job of working on the leading-edge node technologies. Those technologies though when we look at semiconductor, sometimes it's fair and build out, sometimes it's not. But the automotive and the power side are the two areas where we're focusing and seeing some leadership. I'm going to turn it over to Gooi Soon Chai, who is the President of that group.
Ronald S. Nersesian: I just want to circle back to one comment that or one question that Patrick asked. He asked the question with regard to Ixia financing, it's a good idea, I think, to give you one another comment. Since we announced the deal two weeks ago, myself and some of the key leaders from Keysight have had a chance to spend time talking with the employees down in Calabasas, approximately 400. And then also traveling to Austin, Texas to another site with roughly a couple hundred Ixia employees and sharing with them, what our plans are and how we plan to make a stronger company together and I'm even more excited now than I was before. The response from the employees has been very positive. And then on top of that, I've had one-on-one with the top 10 executives in the company to talk about themselves and their roles as we go forward. But things look very exciting. We are very happy with what we see. The other question that comes up at times, we have revenue synergies and cost synergies. I would like to say that we're very confident in the revenue synergies and what we have shared. We have bottoms-up plans that are much greater than that, but we think when we look at the overall street plan for Ixia and then did our analysis with our financial advisor and then added the revenue and the cost synergies that we paid, a very fair price that can create enormous value for Keysight shareholders. But I'll throw out one other data point for you. Even if the revenue synergies were zero when we just achieved the cost synergies, we would be above our whack. Now that's not our goal, but it just gives you an idea of how excited we are.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. We haven't provided any further details on our financing plan. As we indicated we had put a bridge financing in place, there's no financing contingency for the Ixia transaction. We will determine the ultimate take out of that bridge in the coming months. We'd obviously like to do that in advance of the close of the transaction, but the specific mix has not been determinant at this point in time. In terms of parameters, as I said, and when we made the Ixia announcement, we're very much focused on maintaining our investment grade credit ratings. We're working with the agencies to understand what limits that puts us on in terms of our ability to add further leverage. Suffice it to say that the vast majority of the purchase price will be made up from incremental debt funding and current cash on the balance sheet. And if there is any equity component, it will be a minority share.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. So, the specific part that you're trying to get with the financial impact of the change. So, as Ron indicated, we're trying to focus on our investment on areas we'll drive growth with it while staying within the overall operating models. You're seeing a shift from other expense lines and in COGS into R&D and into the field at a macro level. I think the other impact, specific impact of the field compensation change is, you potentially see a more dramatic seasonality from costs lower in Q1 and Q3, and higher in Q2 and Q4. And there's really two things that are driving that. Obviously, we've increased the variability of our field compensation structures and our orders tend to be higher in those two quarters. But our fields are paid essentially on a quota performance for half. And so, as they move through the half, they can get essentially higher and higher commission rates as they get closer to or eventually above their quota. And so, they're earning at lower rates in Q1 and Q3, earning at higher rates in Q2 and Q4, and then you have the impact of the absolute – with typical seasonality would be for higher levels of orders in Q2 and Q4 versus Q1 and Q3.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. So, maybe I'll make the first comment with regard to Chinese New Year. Obviously, Chinese New Year was something that we have forecasted. We obviously know the timing and we forecasted. We generally think of it is having an impact of somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million impact on revenue. And I think the expectation or the result this year were in line with our expectation. With regard to the guide for next quarter, obviously we don't breakdown the growth rate by specific segments. As I said, we do expect aerospace and defense to continue to be softer at least the next couple of quarters given the dynamics that are happening here around the change of administration in the U.S. as well as kind of the uncertainty that Mike mentioned around China and Russia.
Neil P. Dougherty: The only other point that I would add and further on reason for the change is the modular strategy, the software strategy are now fully integrated into the way our businesses think about winning in their marketplaces. And when we first started adopting modular as the strategy, we had to drive it through the organization. It now has critical math, it has critical mind share across the organization. So, it's not something that we're having to drive specific focus on as an organization.
Neil P. Dougherty: Yeah. Not dramatically. Obviously, the overall absolute level of revenues being down as a result of having lower aerospace defense puts pressure on margins relative to absolute higher levels of margin, but we do not notice a materially different gross margin profile in aerospace defense versus commercial comms.
