Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello everyone. Before I get started, I will note that all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis unless specifically noted otherwise. As Ron mentioned, we delivered an exceptional quarter as we continue to execute on the strong demand we see in core areas of our business, additionally our continued focus, execution and commitment to operational discipline is delivering record results for Keysight. For the third quarter of 2018, we delivered record non-GAAP revenue of $1 billion, which was well above our guidance of $942 million to $972 million. In Q3, we also delivered $1 billion in orders, which were up 15% with core orders growing 12%, enabling us to exit the quarter in a solid backlog position. Looking at our operational results for Q3, we reported gross margin of 61.2% and operating expenses of $402 million resulting an operating margin of 21.3%, which is the highest level in Keysight's history. We also achieved record net income of $170 million and delivered $0.89 and earnings per share, which was up 45%. Our weighted average diluted share count for the quarter was 191 million shares. Moving to the performance of our segments. Our Communications Solutions Group, or CSG, generated total revenue of $515 million, up 23% while delivering gross margin of 61.7% and operating margin of 22.2%. In Q3, Commercial Communications delivered revenue of $314 million, up 23%, driven by increased 5G R&D demand across the wireless ecosystem and growth in datacenter next generation 400 gig and high-speed digital tests. Aerospace, defense and government grew 22% and generated revenue of $201 million. As Ron mentioned, aerospace, defense and government growth was robust with strong demand across the aerospace, defense supply chain including space, satellite, radar and electronic warfare applications. Our Electronic Industrial Group, or EISG, generated third quarter revenue of $258 million, up 19%, driven by strength across all of its markets, automotive and energy, semiconductor and general electronics. EISG reported gross margin of 63.1% and operating margin of 28.5%. Our Ixia Solutions Group, or ISG, reported Q3 revenue of $119 million, gross margin of 75.6% and operating margin of 8.1%. We were pleased with ISG's improved revenue performance after extensive integration activities last quarter. We continue to focus on optimizing processes in several key areas and are confident in our ability to grow the business and increase profitability. Lastly, Services Solutions Group, or SSG, revenue grew 9% in Q3 to reach $116 million, was lowering 40.1% gross margin and operating margin of 15.0%. Q3 services revenue was driven by growth for calibration, remarketed solutions and repair. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended our third quarter with $742 million in cash and cash equivalents and reported cash flow from operations of $38 million and free cash flow of negative $2 million. This includes accelerated funding of our U.S. pension plan and we now have $85 million in order to secure tax deductibility at the current corporate rate prior to the new tax legislation taking effect. Excluding this accelerated payment, free cash flow was $83 million, which represents 8% of revenue. Under our existing share repurchase authorization during the quarter, we acquired approximately 668,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $59.81 for a total consideration of $40 million. Before moving to our guidance, I would like to make a few additional comments about the potential impact on our business from trade tensions between the U.S. and China. We currently estimate that the expense impact from the announced tariffs is still relatively immaterial. We are also closely monitoring the potential impact of these tensions on our aerospace and defense business in China, which we currently estimate $10 to $15 million per quarter. As Ron mentioned, we believe this will be offset by the strong demand trends we are seeing in the rest of the world aerospace defense market. Now turning to our outlook and guidance. We expect fourth quarter revenue to be in the range of $1 billion to $1.20 billion, and Q4 earnings per share to be in the range of $0.85 to $0.91, based on a weighted diluted share count of approximately 191 million shares. At the midpoint, this brings our earnings growth for 2018 to 23% and total revenue growth to approximately 19% or 11% on a core basis, which is an increase from our prior estimate of 7% to 8%. Additionally for the year, we expect to deliver a year-over-year core operating margin incremental at or above our 40% target. With that, I will now turn it back to Jason, for the Q&A.
Neil Dougherty: So my point to our business model where we have overtime worked very hard to increase the flexibility and the portion of our dollars that are discretionary. And it's our job to manage that. And as we mentioned on the call, we expect to deliver the 40% operating margin incremental for this year, and feel like we are well positioned from that standpoint going forward. And just to wrap-up, at our Analyst Day in March, obviously, we put our targets for 2021 where we're looking to increase the overall level of profitability in the business to 23% by that period of time. So we do have work to do to drive that incremental level of profitability, but those actions are well underway.
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So this is Neil. I mean, obviously, the biggest driver of that was the topline trade within the ISG. The R&D investments within EISG are lower than in some of our other businesses. But we're seeing broad based strength across auto and energy, general electronics, semiconductor measurement, and so we are able to get a high a degree of leverage in that business when it is growing at these levels.
Neil Dougherty: You know, as we've discussed about this business in the past, our original thought was we're going to be able to make some significant acquisitions, smaller ones, but a number of them in this business to increase the growth rate. We have sense pivoted to a more organic growth strategy, which does require investment. You're starting to see that hit the top line over the past several quarters, and we are confident in our ability to increase the profitability in this business. So likely into the -- to the upper teens is where we think it ultimately settles. It will likely have a profit level that is below the company average, but certainly in that upper teen ranges where we would expect it to settle.
Satish Dhanasekaran: This is Satish. I’ll take that. We continue to see more activity in R&D both in the U.S. and rest of the world. Manufacturing -- early manufacturing is starting, but at this point we believe that most of the big manufacturers of RANs are out in the 2019 timeframe. Thanks.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, the 5G growth numbers, we are reporting, are only the 5G revenues that reflect within the Communication Solutions Group. And they do not reflect any services business at this point in time.
Satish Dhanasekaran: Yes, so we've talked about our big integration efforts last quarter, obviously, moving them into our ERP, shifting them from their legacy contract manufacturing into Keysight's contract manufacturing environment. The heavy lifting on those things is done. We have been working first to stabilize and revamp the business and we're very pleased with the results that we got this quarter. Obviously, we saw approximately $30 million increase sequentially in revenue. We saw 16 percentage point improvement in operating margins. But we're not satisfied with the overall level of profitability in that business. We're continuing to work on that. We have additional profit improvement plan for this quarter as we continue to make progress, and in the -- optimizing the operation of that business within the Keysight environment.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, that's running at roughly the same ratios where the equipment that's used for 5G is repaired and calibrated just as all the other equipment we sell for 3G or 4G or other technologies. So it's a pretty standard ratio at this point.
Ron Nersesian: Thank you, Vijay. Let me take this question. I think you know our -- we've shared our strategy to really work with the entire ecosystem all the way from chipsets to datacenters, and that's kind of the flow that we've been following. And what we see that's really resulting in these results is, number one, very strong industry acceleration, not only from the operator that you've referenced but multiple leader operators globally, so that's the first sort of driver. Second, with the standards just finalizing the Release 15 version of it, we've seen unleashing of about 673 entries of new features and over 866 band combinations. You combine these things together, we're going to be in R&D phase for long time to come, okay? Now I'll answer the question you just mentioned. There are some early sort of signs of manufacturing, in fact in this quarter, we had our first design win in manufacturing also to simpler some of the trial initiatives of our key customers.
Ron Nersesian: As we look through our budgeting process, we just don't go ahead and layer on what our topline revenue growth is and then add more expenses, we go through a process that we're in the middle of right now, we call zero-base budgeting, where we started the floor and we say, okay, what are the most important things to move the needle from where we are today to where we want to get to in the future. And that I prioritizes our expenses making sure that we have a good ROI at either being defensive or being offensive, which is our top priority. So by doing that we're able to go ahead and continually improve the operating model and hit the 2021 targets.
Ron Nersesian: And we're not just taking a look at the advancements in the U.S. in their actual budgets going forward, and picking up obviously growth on that front. But even in China, what we're doing is we're redeploying some of our sales force to focus where there is business. So we dynamically allocate our resources to optimize our overall China business inside and outside of aerospace, defense, and we're capitalizing on the U.S. and our friendly neighbors that are increasing the aerospace, defense budgets. And as Mark mentioned, not only do we expect to see a traditionally seasonally high September or end of this fiscal year, the budget has already in place for 2019, which we haven't seen in decades.
Ron Nersesian: Sure, well I think it's a mix. The first thing that we did when we were reforming the company even before we went public was to identify where are the growth opportunities and what's the resources, where there is strength in the markets. And accordingly we focused on 5G, we focused on automotive and energy, we also focused on building out our services business and the list goes on. So I think we done a good job of picking the markets that actually have a higher secular growth rate relative to the other broader electronic measurement markets. On top of that, from what we can see, we believe very strongly that we are gaining share with our 11% organic revenue growth this year and much, much higher when you look at our total revenue growth. So we also, if you take a look at the core growth that we've reported versus some of the other players, I think our core growth really shows the underlying strength of the business. So Brandan, it is a mix of the two. The markets are strong, but we have taken Keysight to a point where we are outgrowing the market without a doubt compared to a time when we were with adjuvant where we were not. And the investments that we put in place are providing great returns all the way to the bottom line.
Ron Nersesian: Yes, Brandan, it's a great question. Obviously we're very pleased with the high level of growth that we put up this year, 11% core growth for the year. And as you mentioned, that is going to approve present some stronger comps for us as we go into in FY '19. As we look at that though, we are still seeing continued strength in many of our end markets, 5G, automotive services, software, are all areas that continue to put up strong numbers. We've mentioned some of the areas that we're monitoring, being the China trade situation, the continued strength in SEMI that feels like it has to cool off at some point. We're not seeing that as of where we are today. I think as we look forward to -- as we look forward to FY '19, I do feel like we are in a stretch with the market help where there's opportunity as for some upside to that 4% to 5% long term model.
Ron Nersesian: We don't report orders, so we don't guide orders going forward. You could take a look at what we guided for revenue that we believe is pretty strong. As you noticed, this quarter, our book-to-bill was approximately 1.00 or we delivered that $0.89 EPS, and that revenue growth without even eating into our backlog. So we're very, very pleased with where we are now. We haven't seen our order rate slowdown relative to our revenue growth rate. There is a slight difference in numbers, so you get a slight different percentage. But overall, we've been running basically with orders in revenues equal to one.
Ron Nersesian: What I will add that, if you look at the three markets that we break down, which is auto and energy, the general electronics and semiconductors, all three of them had double digit revenue growth. So that's very strong and when we have very, very solid management of that P&L as we do in the other businesses, and therefore we can certainly drive it to the bottom line. The semiconductor business has higher margins and that was one of the three businesses that had higher -- high revenue growth in double digits.
Ron Nersesian: I'm going to let Mark Wallace to make a couple of comments, but you're exactly right, Rick. We have -- the integration has stabilized that business. There was a lot of work at moving contract manufacturers of getting these whole sales channels integrated so they worked with Mark Wallace Broader channel and we're very pleased with where that is right now. Our funnel is very strong. And we did see an increase in the actual conversion rate of our funnel from Q2 to Q3. And we're expecting that to continue and to improve more, but I'll let Mark make a couple of more comments.
Ron Nersesian: Peer volume, you're exactly right Rick is really the issue. If you take a look at this, we've had very high gross margins, and we have fixed amount of expenses. So once we start ramping the revenue, the fixed expenses will stay relatively fixed. And you'll be able to see that flow through right to the bottom line and get great incrementals.
Ron Nersesian: Well, there is no doubt that software is used more and more in many of the applications that we address. We got ahead and we acquire signals, but then you have to analyze them. And now with our most recent oscilloscope that we have launched, we literally make a trillion measurements per second or we sample at a trillion measurements a second or 256 billion precision measurements a second tons for channels. So as that data comes off, software is the only way to analyze that. We do some of that software within chips or in firmware or in pure software. But if I take a look at the overall business, in FY'17, it was over $500 million in software. Now as we look in this year, this quarter we're running, obviously, significantly above that. And that's even without Ixia. And when we add Ixia software in and we're going to be doing -- adding that to our total number, but we just want to make sure that we breakout the products that are -- let's say, half hardware and half software and do that correctly. You'll see that number go up and up. But there is no doubt 5G drives software as well as many of our other applications. That business is growing and we like that not only for increased margins, but we also like that for potential recurring revenue for the long term.
Ron Nersesian: Well, obviously, the China situation is changing every day. And so we have pretty good visibility into our end customers and have an open dialogue with them on a regular basis. And from working with our management team, we're able to assess what some of those pressures are that we're seeing in the market. I'll let Mark see if he has any additional comments, but that's how we sized it at the moment. We're monitoring it constantly. And we'll see how things evolve as we move forward.
Ron Nersesian: We've also gone down and looked at something which China calls or the U.S. government calls the restricted party list companies that you're not allowed to sell through, and we comb through that list. We know exactly what's in the funnel, what customers buy. So any changes that have occurred in the U.S. policy on where we can sell, we've already quantified that and included that in that overall number.
Mark Wallace: So, yes, I'll take that. This is Mark Wallace. So just to reiterate a couple of the points that were made at the -- in the prepared statements from Ron and Neil. So far, as we've looked at the tariffs that have been announced, the impacts are very small, immaterial. And separate from that, the trade tensions are -- and the restrictions are principally affecting our aerospace defense business in China. And as Neil mentioned, based on the current situation, we estimate that impact to be $10 million to $15 million per quarter. Now, if you take a step back, and I think Ron mentioned this as well, the strength of our aerospace, defense business globally is very strong, and we feel like the rest of the world will offset this impact to China. This is our fourth quarter in a row of double-digit order growth and we continue to see increased investments around the world, especially in the U.S. As Ron mentioned, the U.S. DoD bill, the Defense Appropriations bill has been signed before the beginning of the new fiscal year. I think this is the first time that's happened in more than 20 years. And our overall business in aerospace, defense remains very broad from satellite to MilCom radio test to electronic warfare and radar test. So it's a very large market and it’s a growing market that we're playing a big role in. And then finally back to China, just for a moment, we continue to actively monitor the situation and despite the trade tensions, our business in China continues to be strong and broad. We delivered solid double digit revenue and order growth in Q3, and we're continuing win in China with our differentiated solutions for 5G, for automotive, for semiconductor, et cetera.
Mark Wallace: Sure. Thanks Ron. Hi, Rick. Ron covered a lot of it. We've made great progress since we spoke last in the business and optimizing our whole sales operational process. We were very pleased with the increase in the funnel conversion during Q3, and we expect to see that continue even further in Q4. We had some really important wins. One of which was mentioned in the prepared statements with NTT DOCOMO. We introduced some new products around 400 gigabit Ethernet test, which -- one of which we won Best in Show at Interop in Tokyo. And our funnel is stronger than it's been in many, many quarters. So the outlook is good. We continue to see strong demand for 400g, like the wireless business 5G is a big opportunity for us in the future. And again, I'm very excited about where we are with the optimization of our integration and sales and the very healthy funnel as we go into Q4.
Mark Wallace: Yes, this is Mark. The only thing I'd add to that is as the team is monitoring the situation with the trade tensions, we're obviously also paying close attention to all of our customers, and I can tell you that the overall tone remains positive. We're working with all of our customers, if anything; they're interested in working further with us. And as I mentioned before, our business is very broad in China with 5G, automotive, semiconductor and aerospace defense. So we're looking at both sides of the equation and so far the effects not wide reaching.
