Neil Dougherty: Thank you, Ron, and hello, everyone. Before I review the details of our second quarter, please note that my comments refer to non-GAAP results. You can find reconciliations to the nearest GAAP figures on our Investors Relations website. Turning to our results for Q2. Second quarter revenue of $740 million was flat year-over-year, or up 3% on a core basis, which excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions. The impact of acquisitions was immaterial, though currency accounted for the full 3 percentage point headwind versus Q2 of FY '14. Operating margin for the quarter was 20.3%, down 80 basis points versus the same period last year, as a result of our incremental investment in R&D. The regional breakdown of our revenue was in line with prior periods, with 38% of revenues coming from the Americas, 17% from Europe and 45% from Asia. On a core basis, revenue grew 19% in the Americas, 4% in Europe and 13% in Japan. Asia, excluding Japan, declined 14%. Lower revenue from Russia continued to be a drag on growth. Russia orders and revenue were both down significantly, and we do not expect any improvement in the near term. Moving to the income statement. Currency movements had no material impact on our Q2 operating profit as the unfavorable impact on revenue was offset by favorability in expenses. Gross margins improved 50 basis points versus last year on a similar revenue base due to a higher mix of revenue from R&D versus manufacturing applications and lower warranty expense. Expenses were well controlled, and we continue to invest in R&D at a rate of 13% of revenue. As mentioned, non-GAAP operating margins were just over 20% for the quarter at 20.3% of revenue. After applying our 17% non-GAAP tax rate, we generated non-GAAP net income of $120 million or $0.70 per share. Now turning to cash flow. In Q2, Keysight generated cash from operations of $68 million and invested $16 million in capital expenditures, resulting in 15 -- $52 million of free cash flow. With cash and cash equivalents of $894 million and total debt of $1.1 billion, we finished the quarter in a net debt position of $205 million. Moving to the results of our 2 operating segments. Measurement Solutions generated revenue of $638 million with an operating margin of 20.7% in the second quarter. Segment revenue grew 3% on a core basis, while operating margin improved 20 basis points year-over-year. The Customer Support and Services segment generated revenue of $102 million, a core increase of 3%. After adjusting for the impact of the March 2013 change to our standard warranty period from 1 to 3 years, segment revenue grew 11%. Second quarter operating margin for the Customer Support and Services segment was 17.7%, a sequential improvement of 400 basis points. We are already seeing the benefit of the incremental investments in technology and capacity that we began last quarter. Now turning to our outlook for the third quarter. You should note that Q2 and Q4 are typically stronger quarters for the business, while Q1 and Q3 are seasonally softer.  Last year, revenue did grow sequentially from Q2 to Q3, but that deviation from historical norms was the result of a weak first half and an increase in Aerospace & Defense spending post sequestration. We expect to return to our typical seasonality this year, and given our Q2 orders, we are guiding revenues in the range of $635 million to $675 million. This represents a core decline of 10% at the midpoint. We expect third quarter non-GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.37 to $0.51. Our guidance assumes the exchange rates as of April 30 and the share count of 172 million shares. Our revenue guidance does represent a lower point in our operating model, however, the flexibility of our cost structure will enable us to maintain Q3 operating margin in the mid-teens. In addition to the flexible spending reductions already made, and which are fundamental to our operating model, we have also initiated programs to generate $25 million in structural savings over the next 24 months. These programs will improve our operational efficiency and accelerate the transformation of our company. Two examples of structural actions we have taken include the announcement of a voluntary retirement program and the closure of our U.S.-defined benefit plan to new entrants. These cost-reduction initiatives, in conjunction with our operating model discipline, will enable us to continue making the investments necessary for Keysight to return to market growth while delivering strong profitability and cash flow across the cycle.  As a final note, we will be discussing our longer-term strategy and market outlook at our upcoming Investor Day, which is planned for September 1 in New York.  With that, I will now turn it back to Jason for the Q&A. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So I mean, let me touch on that. So first of all, there's kind of 2 efforts that are underway. The short term with the flexibility of our cost structure where we've already began executing our playbook around the short-term flexibility in Q2 when we saw the incoming order rate, and we're accounting on real savings in Q3 to allow us to maintain the profitability in FY '13 -- excuse me, in Q3, in the mid-teens. And so that's a combination of structural things like the fact that a large portion of our -- or significant portion of our sales go through a flexible indirect channel. That we outsource portions of our -- significant portions of our supply chain. And that 100% of our employee base has a portion of their pay that fluctuates with the overall business performance. In addition to that, we are reducing discretionary spending essentially up and down the P&L, with the exception of 2 areas, R& D and field spending, where we're essentially keeping the foot on the gas to make sure we continue to generate orders in the short term and drive growth over the longer term. So that's -- those are the immediate efforts that are going underway. Then in addition to that, we've taken some actions to drive more structural cost savings. Again, we quantified it at $25 million. We do believe it'll take us $24 million -- 24 months to realize the full $25 million in savings. And really, what you're looking at is a number of different programs that will all be running in parallel that will generate savings over time. So I've mentioned 2 of them. One is a voluntary early retirement program. We have a significant portion of our population that's retirement eligible. Obviously, these are employees that have been with us for a long time. They have a lot of institutional knowledge, and what we really want to be able to do is to plan our workforce transition better. And so we will provide them with a bonus to commit to a retirement date, that it will allow us to do some knowledge transfer and then ultimately result in some savings. But it's not the type of thing that turns on overnight, because, again, a big component of that is to understand when they are going to retire and do that knowledge transfer. I also mentioned the termination of our defined benefit plan in the U.S. to new entrants. That will provide savings over the long term, but relatively limited savings in the first year because you need to get a critical mass of people that are on the new program to generate material savings. Another big area of focus is in when you look at what we've essentially just been through as a company, we just spun out from Agilent and, by and large, the process that was followed was to replicate Agilent's processes for Keysight. As Ron has mentioned, we have completed that separation process during the second quarter, and now we're changing our focus towards optimization of those processes. So we now need to look at those processes that were replicated and reengineer them, and that requires some investment, and will take some time for us to realize the savings. So it's going to be a series of different programs that will result in that $25 million savings, and some of it will be realized sooner, and -- but will take us the full 24 months to get it all. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, so we essentially have a $28 million per year headwind that goes from essentially the bleeding off of this deferred revenues that was associated with the extended warranty sales. That ends in Q1 -- will materially end in Q1 of FY '16, at which point -- so right now, we're kind of -- we need to generate that $20 million of growth just to tread water, basically. Beginning in FY '16, the compares will essentially get easier, but it will take a year before you start to see meaningful growth because of the bleed off of that deferred revenue. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes. So -- well, as you know, the decremental is tough. This is really a reset year for Keysight, given the -- essentially that the business is fundamentally different as an independent company than it was as part of Agilent. So you need to layer in the synergies, which are material. You need to layer in the incremental investment in R&D that we are making. And so there -- it's really hard to do those year-over-year incremental/decremental compares given fundamental changes that we've been through. 
Neil Dougherty: Are you looking at -- I'm sorry, I always do my incremental/decrementals year-over-year, so I haven't even done that sequential incremental/decremental look. Obviously, we see a big drop off in revenue. Our ability to -- we are taking action to reduce discretionary spending and minimize the impact. But the actual variable cost of sales on the lost dollar of revenue in the very short run is very significant. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, could you repeat the first part of your question about the July outlook? I'm sorry, I missed the first part of that. 
Neil Dougherty: Yes, in terms of the drivers of gross margin, as Ron has mentioned, we're working to transition more and more of our business to R&D versus manufacturing. That tends to drive gross margins, obviously, as we are on the higher end of technology, gross margins tend to be higher at the cutting edge of technology versus products that are older. And as the technology evolves, what you tend to see is pricing falls and gross margin falls on older products and you get replaced with newer products at the cutting edge of technology that drives gross margin. 
Neil Dougherty: For next quarter, the biggest -- I mean, the biggest driver is volume, right? Obviously, we're going to see a significant drop off in volume sequentially. And given the product, given the fixed cost infrastructure, that's going to be the biggest driver sequentially. 
Ronald Nersesian: And the second issue, there's no doubt -- we haven't seen it from Japan, but there's no doubt that we're very competitive with Rohde & Schwarz, our #1 competitor in the RF and microwave wireless world, and we expect there to be some pretty aggressive actions from the competition on the pricing side. That's why we've been working all the cost improvement programs that we work on a continuous basis in the order fulfillment organization, and that's built into our guidance. 
Ronald Nersesian: I think, right now, I don't see any instantaneous inflections in the business. There is no doubt that there is still more 4G build out to happen. Obviously, there was a big push last year, and there's a little bit of a pause now. But that will continue for years to come. And we're at the early stages of 5G investment, where we're starting to see that in early R&D and everybody to be concerned, so that will help. But there is continuous cost pressure, and we have had -- we have seen margins erode in manufacturing. And that's why we're so determined to shift a higher percentage of our resources in R&D towards winning in our -- our resources to winning in R&D versus winning in production where the margins are much stronger. 
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. Well, it was down. There were some large manufacturing builds last year. Matter fact, I think our growth last year was 11% in Q2. And accordingly, we had some big wins as people put in near-field communication. We also saw some people shift their semiconductor providers in another sector, and that created some large buys last year. Both of these are to the tune of almost 2 $30 million orders that didn't repeat. So that was $60 million of the decline alone were those 2 orders, which make up almost 8 points of core growth. But we'll continue to see pressure in that area, but that's why we continue to shift towards more software and more R&D solutions as we move forward. 
Ronald Nersesian: I'll just make some 3 general comments, or give you 3 different insights as far as what drives it in general. One is, we have a material cost-savings program that we continuously work on to get. The second is the logistic savings. We've been driving those costs down. And the third point is mix. So for instance, when you have a large $30 million order, you can imagine the discount rate on that would be very high. So when you do a comparative, and you don't get that order to repeat, you can imagine the gross margin going up when you're not giving that large discount on a weighted-average basis. And that is one example basically on the mix of large orders versus small orders. But it also happens by different product lines, since we have hundreds and hundreds of product lines that are substantial to our revenue line. 
Ronald Nersesian: Yes. Our first objective, as you can see, I mean, our ROIC this quarter was 39%. You see where our operating model is and what type of returns we provide. But if you really step back and look at Keysight as an independent entity, what we've done in the past is generate a lot of cash, but use that cash to help the Life Sciences business of Agilent grow. And we really need to focus on growth and make sure that we grow and increase our lead as the #1 test and measurement provider. So growth is our first priority. That's why we've talked about increasing our revenue to 13%, still a little bit below industry average, but making a small move there. And we did adjust it, obviously, with the top line being down, so it's 13% of the new number. But we're also looking inorganically at what place makes sense. We do want to make sure that we get a good return above the cost of capital and that it fits strategically within our business. So growth will be our first priority, while providing investors a return on an ROIC above the cost of capital. After that, if we do not have any other good ideas, we will look to returning capital to our shareholders. But at this point, as you look at the history over the last 10-plus years for Keysight as an entity within Agilent, growth is the issue that we think will generate the best long-term shareholder value. Longer term, down the road, we're going to be -- we will be looking at share buybacks and dividends as part of our mix. There is no doubt. 
Ronald Nersesian: Thank you, all, for joining our call. I'm pleased that Keysight delivered another quarter of solid earnings. In addition, we initiated actions to reduce our cost structure by $25 million to adjust to the current dynamics of the industry, to deliver current -- to deliver double-digit profits through the cycle and to maintain our momentum in developing industry-leading solutions. In closing, I'll remind you that our unique formula of combining technology-leading hardware and software and our global network of experts, we are committed to maintaining the discipline of our operating model while investing to grow and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you very much, and have a nice day. 
