Leslie Moonves: Jessica, we obviously spend a lot of time talking about this, and there are a lot of new platforms out there, and it's a topic of conversation among many companies, and different companies have different attitudes towards it. Advertising on our network is our number one priority, and secondary is the syndication valuable domestic and internationally, which are all in the numbers of billions of dollars. We are looking at some of these platforms, and we're determining what will augment those two forms of revenue, first and foremost, without in any way hurting what we're doing. Our syndication operation is at full tilt, and obviously, with this kind of upfront, as well as scatter marketplace, the numbers that are coming into the network are truly remarkable. So we're not going to do anything to damage that. At the same token, we have the largest television library in the world. So we have many assets and many ways of looking at things. So what's great about these assets, we're still selling I Love Lucy along with CSI. So we're looking at these new platforms, and on a case-by-case basis, we're judging what will help us and what won't hurt the core business and what won't hurt the family jewels. The great news is all these platforms want and need our content, and they're offering us phenomenal deals and we will make some of these deals.
Leslie Moonves: I'll take the first half, and I'll give the second half to Joe. Yes, we changed the formats in 25 Radio stations. In 23 of them, their ratings are up at least double digits. So Dan Mason and his team have done a remarkable job of changing it. We've straightened out the cost structure. We've restructured our Radio groups, and they're just performing at a remarkable rate, and as you said, they've outperformed the marketplace, and that's partially from programming and partially because of efficiency.
Leslie Moonves: In addition, once again, content remains so important, and the big events are so important. So you look across the landscape, every network that had the NFL did extraordinarily well. Those numbers were way up. Every major event over the last year, the Academy Awards, the Grammys, et cetera, have all done exceedingly better than the previous year. American Idol is not dying, as people predicted it would. Network Television is still unbelievably strong, it never went away. All the doomsayers about, "Oh, the new media's going to take away." New media's great. It augments broadcast, but broadcast is still the place where you can reach 111 million people.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it's very small. Obviously, the segment just for the quarter's total revenue is $2 billion. So network, we said network advertising was up 8% and the total revenue for this segment was up 11%. So that gives you a sense of the size, and obviously, we've been reporting historically the Interactive revenue for a full year basis in the $600 million range on a full year basis. So again, it's not driving it. It's certainly growing faster, but network advertising is by far driving the shift.
Leslie Moonves: Doug, without patting ourselves on the back, our ratings are the highest, and we haven't done one make good this entire season. The scatter is coming in. Our sales department calls us every day asking us to yank promos and put the ads in there. So the marketplace was extremely strong in fourth quarter, as we said in mid-30s. It's higher in the first quarter. We view strength all the way along. When you look at 40% higher than only six months ago, that's a pretty significant number.
Leslie Moonves: My sales department gets mad at me when I predict numbers in May, so I'm not going to do it in February.
Leslie Moonves: We feel pretty good. Obviously, I'd love to have better longer-term visibility, but the other bullish sign you can take away from this is advertisers are booking earlier, so we're getting a little bit more visibility. So we feel pretty good about that range.
Leslie Moonves: And in terms of cable, yes. As we move down into next year, the cost of the movies definitely goes down. It's not to say that we're not in very good shape because we have deals with the Weinstein Company. So last year, we had the Academy Award winner Hurt Locker. And this year, we have what looks like it's got a good shot to win, King's Speech, plus we have all the Spielberg movies at DreamWorks and the DreamWorks deal, as well as the Summit movies, so we have the Twilight. So we have made better deals for less money. We've put more money into original content, but the cost of the product definitely be going down as our subs go up. So it's a good profit profile.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, just to expand on that. TV Stations, obviously, that margin has room to grow and we're still not where we were or even up to some of our competitors in terms of that. We are definitely growing there. Cable, the Showtime margins will expand. And as the network -- great news is our cost structure, despite the fact that we have hits, has remained stable, what we spent for programming over the last three or four years, and that will continue onwards. So as advertising increases, that margin will increase. So those are three of our largest businesses we have. The margin is expanding, and that's why we're looking at '11 and '12 with great relish.
Leslie Moonves: Revenue's down, but profits are going to be up considerably. It is a question of going from a deal that was losing us a considerable amount of money to a deal that's going to be profitable right away.
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, economically, there was a huge advantage for us going forward to do this deal. Our risk profile is a lot less than it was before, and as we've said many times, it is a very profitable contract for us versus the other way. In the early rounds, there will be four games. When there are four games on simultaneously, they will be on four different channels. We generally look at the game that we want in the first rounds, and for those people in local marketplaces, they will get the game that they want. At the same time, there will be highlights shown on our network of the other three games and vice versa. As you get down to the final rounds, we have the final four for the first four years of the deal, so that will be significant. Those are significant games. And in the regional games, there's sort of alternating games. Obviously, occasionally, there'll be two games going on simultaneously, so you'll be able to watch the one that you want. So as Joe said, revenue goes down, but cost goes down a lot, and probably for our viewer, they will be very happy because they will get whatever game they want to see. So for us, it's a major win in terms of economic things, and by and large, we're getting the games that we want, and the relationship with Turner is terrific. Both teams are selling, and as we said earlier, the sales are going extremely well. They're selling into a very strong sports marketplace, so I think everybody comes out a winner of it. The fans, CBS, Turner and the NCAA.
Leslie Moonves: It's a good question. Number one, schedules aren't necessarily that less important than it used to be. You still can launch NCIS L.A. after NCIS and it holds on to 90-someodd percent. You could launch Mike & Molly after Two and a Half Men, and it's the highest-rated new comedy on the air. It's also a good show, but it's helped by following the number one rated comedy on the air. What happens is, yes, it's a tough problem here at CBS. We tell the people that are out there, "Look, you'd better be really good to make it on our schedule, but if you do make it on our schedule, the chances of succeeding are higher because you will generally be put in a position where you're launched by a successful television show." We also have the advantage of removing shows a year early rather than a year late, and I give you what we did with Without a Trace a year ago where it was a successful show. It had run through its eighth year. We pulled off the show. Their license fee was, at that point, since it was in its eighth year, almost $4 million an episode, replaced it with a show called The Good Wife, which cost about less than half that amount. We also owned 100% of The Good Wife. The ratings were just as good. As a matter of fact, it won some Emmy Awards, and we took it off early and helped our schedule. A similar thing, if you look throughout our schedule, we don't let shows age and just hang around because that's all we got. We don't have to do that, and I think success propels further success, and I think we'll continue to do that.
Leslie Moonves: Well, it's absolutely a meaningful profit source on all our shows. Obviously, action-adventure plays a little bit better. In other words, a show like Hawaii Five-0 got an extraordinary amount of money overseas as did the NCIS'. The Good Wife doesn't do quite as well, but yet it does extraordinarily well when you compare it to what a show like that would've done years ago. So once again, as we said earlier, every single one of our new shows was profitable from day one because of the international marketplace, and that keeps growing in leaps and bounds because there are new channels all over the world and new markets opening up. So the international marketplace has never been hotter, and it's a reason we're glad we own most of our content.
Leslie Moonves: All right, the first question I'm not going to give you a number for '11. All I've said is that by the end of '12, we'll get $250 million. We're still on target for that. That is our anticipated number for them, and that is not including reverse compensation from our affiliates, which will also be another number that's beginning to kick in now, will be stronger in '11 and by '12 also will be a significant number. Regarding the NFL lockout, obviously, it's something that we're all hoping does not happen. We hope they come to an agreement. We obviously have an agreement with the NFL where we do give them some money, but that the contract would be extended to a certain extent if there were any games that we missed. So ultimately, at the end of the day, we do not anticipate losing any revenue. We think we will get the games back in some way, shape or form. So they will be an immediate hit, and I'm guardedly optimistic that Mr. Goodell will come to an agreement with the players before the season starts and we'll be back playing.
Leslie Moonves: I don't know. I guess that's possible. There's a certain amount that the companies designate for football. Anheuser-Busch spends an awful lot in Prime, but they also spend a lot in football. Could the marketplace get tighter in Prime? Probably. That probably would happen, but not necessarily.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, and Jessica, it's Joe. The top 10 are definitely leading the way in terms of the revenue growth. So again, total group was up 14%, so you should just assume the top 10 performed better than that.
Joseph Ianniello: Anthony, it's Joe. Look, it's probably a combination of both. Clearly, obviously, there was a recession a couple of years ago, so I think the total pie is growing. But I do think there is a share shift in the Television category, whether it's coming from print and other kind of advertising category. So that section is growing, and we're taking share within that category. So again, its content that's performing is growing and they're getting the incremental dollars and you're seeing that. So I think there's truth to both of that.
Joseph Ianniello: Look, the syndication, what we sold with the second cycle sale of CSI. As Les said, we have a vast library, so from every single quarter, we're out there looking at what we're going to sell, what we're not going to sell, so there may not be first cycle available. But because of the size of the library, we're going to continue to look at second cycle sales. And in some of these instances, when we do these things non-exclusively, we can sell them kind of more than once. So we feel pretty good about that. So it's hard to predict, Mike, what we're going to do in 2011, but realize we have an inventory list of our assets and we're looking at it all the time, and if it feels right, we're going to execute it.
Joseph Ianniello: And just to add, Mike, we did say in our prepared remarks that the margin, we expect the margin to expand further at Showtime from the full year 39%.
Joseph Ianniello: The answer is it depends on the deal, and obviously, for the CSI, it's obviously the margin flow-through will be different when we own 50% or 100% of flow-through to EBITDA. So each deal is different.
Joseph Ianniello: I'll start with the first, Laura. I think again, if you look peak and peak defined is pre-recession in the '06, '07 kind of cycle, it's kind of the low 20s, and I think again, for the last two quarters we've been at 20, and we said we expect to expand them in 2011. So I think you're right in that all of the incremental advertising and affiliate revenues had such high margin that you really see the flow-through, and again, as we maintain our cost structure, you really get that kind of flow-through at a really significant high rate. So we're very bullish. We can do it probably a lot sooner than a lot of people predicted.
Joseph Ianniello: I think we should be thinking about it, it's opportunistic. We're looking at that, Laura, all the time. I think again, certainly, there is some appeal currently right now given where interest rates are and where we borrow and the tax advantage funding of the pension. Again, in the fourth quarter, we pre-funded $167 million, so clearly we get a tax deduction on that gross number. So we're looking at that all the time, and again, we'll continue to be opportunistic, but we will always focus on returning value to our shareholders as well.
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, we're not going to break that down specifically. Just know that we've minimized our exposure as of year end and we stopped shipping product to them again at the end of December. So we don't want to quantify exactly that, but we're adequately reserved.
Joseph Ianniello: That is not our exposure, Mike, at the end of the year. That is definitely not our exposure at the end of the year, not even close.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, as far as the Super Bowl, I think it was definitely widely reported, estimates of what that is. I mean, again, it's fair to say it's probably a couple of $100 million, just to give you a sense of the size of what that is. And obviously most of that, the vast majority of that would hit the Entertainment segment, and the other piece would obviously hit Local Broadcasting. So that's the size of that kind of magnitude. The NCAA, it's hard to say because we haven't aired the tournament yet. But basically, the premise for the transaction was we were going to expand the overall revenue pie between us and Turner, and we'd get better economics. So we have a lot of protection on the downside and unlimited upside, but again, a little too early to predict exactly what that's going to be because we haven't aired the tournament.
Joseph Ianniello: We don't give guidance, Michael, as you know, and stuff like that. But again, we try to guide you. We think revenue for this contract will be down quarter-over-quarter to give you a sense of what that is. So again, we're not really giving -- we don't give guidance on quarterly or annual forward numbers.
