Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So to the questions on free cash flow in 2023 and what to expect there. I'd note a few things. I mean, first of all, in terms of the broad trends that are influencing free cash flow. It's really about the ramp in production and marketing investments related to streaming. And then, obviously, some of the macro impacts on the advertising marketplace, offset by improvements that we're making both with respect to the cost side of the equation, as well as improvements that we're seeing in working capital. And that's an important point because we are very focused on ultimately driving improvements in both earnings and free cash flow. And I think what you'll see in 2022 and both in 2023 is that the changes in OIBDA don't necessarily reflect the changes in free cash flow, which is to say the changes in free cash flow are better or lower than the changes in OIBDA because we have made improvements from a working capital perspective. So while it's premature to put any specific numbers on that for 2023, I would note that we are still focused on peak D2C losses next year and continuing to apply that formula of improved working capital and realizing the benefit of the cost reductions that we noted, all of which should put us in a position to ultimately improve cash flow and OIBDA trajectory.
Naveen Chopra: And I'll jump in on the ARPU side of that question. I think simply put, we are very bullish about the ability to continue to grow ARPU in the streaming business, particularly around Paramount+. As we've spoken about before, there are a number of elements to that, some of which you're already seeing and some of which you'll see in the future. So for example, as I noted in my remarks, we are already seeing the benefit of continued expansion in higher ARPU markets on an international basis, and that's already benefiting ARPU. And as we go forward, we see continued ARPU growth through the combination of both expansion and ad monetization and pricing on the subscription side. And the ad monetization piece, while in the short-term is impacted by the marketplace, the fundamental engagement metrics that we see there give us great confidence that increasing consumer engagement will ultimately drive improvements in ARPU as the market returns. And then on the subscription pricing side of it, we definitely see opportunities to increase price on Paramount+, and you will see us do that in the future. I think it's fair to say that pricing is moving higher across the industry, you see that with a number of competing services. And we think that, that means we have room to increase price and ultimately drive ARPU while preserving our value position relative to others. And I think that's true both in the US and in key international markets. That of course will be smart about how and when we raise price because we'll be looking to do it in ways that minimize any negative churn impact. And that means we'll definitely take advantage of our dual tier offering, which allows us to adjust pricing on each tier independently and means that the essential tier can continue to serve price sensitive users while still generating compelling levels of ARPU through ad monetization. And we'll also think about pricing in conjunction with how it interacts with our content slate. So we're, as I said, confident we can raise price and that's one part of the bigger ARPU equation that includes continued growth in ad monetization and sub-growth in high-value markets.
Naveen Chopra: Sure. So on expectations for Q4 cash flow, I'd mention a few things. Again, just going back a little bit to what's driving cash flow in Q3, which as I noted earlier, is really about the ramp in production spend and marketing and international launches. And I think of those as sort of negative working capital drivers. Q4 will obviously improve relative to that, because we'll get past some of those needs. Now some of that improvement, I expect will be offset by the macroeconomic factors affecting Q4 OIBDA as some of that obviously will flow to cash flow. And therefore, I think it's probably most helpful to think about free cash flow on a full year basis. And when you look at it through that lens, as I said earlier, you'll see that the year-over-year change in free cash flow will be significantly smaller than the year-over-year change in OIBDA, which again reflects the progress that we're making in improving working capital, which is very important to us. We're highly focused on the importance of generating free cash flow, while we continue to invest in growth. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of sense of how to think about the full year.
Naveen Chopra: And Doug, with respect to ad monetization, a few comments. First of all, I would say the main drivers of ad monetization from sort of an ARPU perspective, I mean, obviously, on the top line subscriber growth plays into it. But from an ARPU perspective, for us, it's really engagement driven. And I would say that we're really just getting started despite a lot of the great metrics that we're already pointing to in terms of consumption, both on P+ and Pluto and all of those trends moving up very positively. And churn continuing to come down. I think we have a lot of headroom to continue to drive engagement, which will ultimately result in higher levels of advertising monetization. Second thing I would note is that, with respect to CPMs and you asked about how realistic some of the expectations may be out there, I would note that we've been in this business for a long period of time. We're in it at scale. Our D2C businesses today are at $1.5 billion advertising run rate, and what that means is that we have been very focused on what is the largest part of that market. We're not necessarily going for the very premium CPMs. We don't think that's where the biggest pool of dollars exist. And that means that we are focused on two things; number one, continuing to drive scale and we price our advertising in order to achieve that; and number two, we're focused on packaging. And that's one of the big differentiators that we bring to the equation is the ability to package multiple types of D2C inventory, streaming inventory along with the full spectrum of both cable and broadcast inventory, which is ultimately, I think, the answer that advertisers are looking for.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hey Ben, it's Naveen. I'll start on the cost side and then turn it over to Bob to take the advertising side of that question. So I guess, first, just to the specifics, and then I'll talk a little bigger picture on what we're doing from a cost perspective. As I said, the benefit of the moves that we're making on the cost side will mostly manifest in 2023. I do think that there's a potential for a restructuring charge in Q4. We'll see depending on exactly the timing of finalizing some of these decisions. I'm not going to put any specific numbers on those cost savings, but I would say that -- these are meaningful and sizable. They are things that we think not only have an economic benefit to us, but frankly, help put us where we want to be strategically in terms of both how we want to operate and where we want to focus our resources. And we shared some of the examples of what that looks like. It includes both labor and non-labor expenses. It spans a lot of different parts of the business. And I'd point out that incremental to the ongoing work that we've spoken about previously that helps drive efficiencies on the linear side of the business. So it is meaningful, and I think it can be a helpful contributor to 2023, particularly in light of some of the macroeconomic challenges that exist right now.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hi John, thanks for the question. I'd start by saying that with respect to the affiliate and subscription side of the business, particularly in TV Media, I actually don't think that the Q3 rate of change is a particularly helpful indicator of what we expect to see longer term. And the reason for that is that there are a number of non-organic factors that affect the year-over-year comps, it includes the suspension of our linear channels in Russia. There's a fairly sizable FX impact. There's differences in the number of pay-per-view events in the comp quarters. And as I mentioned, there's ongoing restructuring of primarily international affiliate deals that moves revenue from TV Media segment into the direct-to-consumer segment. I'm not going to size each of those independently, but I can tell you that if you adjust for that group of inorganic items, TV Media affiliate revenue would have been down 3% in the quarter versus the 5% reported. And I think that 3% is probably a better indicator of the underlying trend that we see on the linear affiliate side. That being said, I think the real important takeaway here is that the better number to focus on is total company affiliate and subscription revenue, which as we noted in our remarks, grew 8% in the quarter. That's an important number because it demonstrates that the growth we're seeing in streaming is more than offsetting the declines that we're seeing in the linear ecosystem. And we expect that, that trend will continue.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Brian. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we really have a decades-long relationship with Walmart. It's a relationship that's rooted in consumer products and home video. And yes, we have an office in Bentonville, and so when they were looking to add a video offering, we were really thrilled that they saw Paramount+ as the right choice. And part of the reason there, as they really described to us was that, they see both brands, i.e., Walmart and Paramount, as representing all audiences. The coast, the center of the country, young, old, you name it. And yet again, I think that's confirmation of the power of our broad positioning built on popular content. So we launched our Walmart+-Paramount+ partnership in September, and just for the room, any Walmart+ customer can choose to opt into Paramount+, and that gives them access to the Paramount+ Essential’s product at no incremental cost. Once they opt in, they become a Paramount+ subscriber, and we get paid. Partnership is off to an excellent start. We really -- I have not seen a more collaborative relationship between two big companies than what we have here right now, and that's phenomenal. And we are exceeding our early objectives in terms of number of subscribers that have joined through Walmart+. I think the more important point is, the partnership has a long multi-year road ahead of it. To date, we've only done limited marketing, really leveraging some e-mail lists they have and some of our media the full in-store Paramount+ presence, for example, which will reach, I believe it's $140 million-ish customers visiting a Walmart store in the US every week has yet to kick off. And by the way, their 1.5 million employees also get access for the ability to opt into Paramount+. And so, we look for this partnership to be driving not only Paramount+ subscribers, but importantly, Walmart+ subscribers as well, as they get access to this great benefit for quite some time. I'd note that we also plan to execute on a multi-platform basis around our IP, and that's things like in-store activations around -- I don't know, PAW Patrol and Turtles next year and many other great franchises. So this is a super powerful example of our belief in partnership. And again, we're thrilled with the early results.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, Rich. Look, I actually think we and others have talked about this a number of times over the year because it's really -- in a way, it's the arms dealer question embedded in it. And I think it's fair to say people's view on that topic has moved around over time. So as you know, we have two objectives; producing cash flow and margins from traditional media; and simultaneously building scale in the most important growth sector in media, which is streaming, really the network for the 21st Century. So our strategy around film, to the first part of your question, which is really theatrical leading to streaming. It's absolutely the right call in general, and it certainly worked for those titles, TGM and Smile, because both titles really benefited significantly from the theatrical window, and that's both financially and from a marketing franchise building perspective. And as you know, both are coming to Paramount+ this year, and I'm confident they will be significant drivers, which will really continue our momentum as we scale streaming. So that goes to your second point. If we're going to build and scale streaming assets, which, as you know, we believe is fundamental in the long run. As I said, streaming is the network for the 21st century, and networks always had incremental economics to studio, and they will again. So if we're going to do that, we obviously need to leverage great content. So titles like 1883 and Halo, frankly, they need to be on Paramount+. And by the way, they've both proven very effective on the platform in terms of subscriber acquisition and engagement. So they are working. In that case, the objective is not about maximum reach. They're key to creating asset value in streaming. And again, we believe that's the superior strategy from a long-term shareholder value perspective versus being a studio-only operation. And that's really the studio only operation is the path you be on if you started moving those to other places. So bottom line, we remain committed to traditional, including theatrical and streaming, including through titles like 1883 and for that matter, our films. And we believe that's one of our advantages in the pursuit of shareholder value.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. And as to your second question on subscriber growth, et cetera, start at the high level. We have absolute confidence in our subscriber growth potential and really the length of the runway here. And it's not just an opinion. It's really informed by data. Remember, we led the US in 2022 in subscriber additions as we simultaneously expanded globally, notably this year to Western Europe. And with respect to the streaming opportunity, we really have a double benefit. Start with the market is large and it is still growing. And then add to that, we're clearly taking share. You see that in 2022 unquestionably through the numbers. I'd also point out, it's not just about sub growth for us. We see real ARPU growth, and Naveen commented on that a bit already. So in general, we feel good. Now when you unpack it and you look at streaming and you look at the drivers, and you start to think about 2023 and beyond, it's really -- and it sounds simplistic, but it's content, what's your slate doing? What are you doing in terms of market expansion and then how you think about partnerships? So our content slate continues to build. It's killer in Q4. We could talk about that some, if you want, and that's going to run right into 2023, and that's not just in the US, that's on a global basis. So we feel very good about that. And obviously, we have a longer term content plan where we continue to build series, Paramount movies, et cetera. If you look at market expansion, we're ending 2023 with the completion really of Western Europe, which means that's going to drive -- we're ending 2022, sorry, with the completion of Western Europe, and that's going to drive 2023. We're going to do some stuff in terms of additional market expansion in 2023, and we haven't talked about that yet. So put a pin in it. But I also want to point out that just because you launched in a market, that doesn't mean you get all the subs right away. Take the UK as an example. Sure, we launched with Sky in hard bundle, and that's performing very well. We're happy, our partners happy, et cetera. We've also launched in channel stores and direct D2C. And then now today, we announced that Virgin is going to put Paramount+ on Virgin TV. So these markets will build over time. So it's not just about the entry point. It's about deepening your participation market-by-market. And by the way, including in the US benefiting from both your content slate and incremental partners. So again, big picture, we feel very good about the size of this market. We feel very good about our ability to take share. We're doing that today. And we feel very good about the road ahead. This is going to be one of the cornerstone services for the world's consumers, and we are most certainly on that path.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. So, look, as I said in my remarks, a difficult macroeconomic environment is certainly impacting ad sales in the quarter. It is a function of what we're seeing in the scatter market, where there is softness, more so on the digital side versus television. Worth noting that, as you know, TV has the additional benefit of a large upfront base. And our audience share growth or the performance of our brands, notably CBS in the broadcast year allowed us to take more dollar volume in the upfront, something I'm very happy about sitting here today. In terms of categories, we're seeing travel is good, Electronics are good. Auto still hasn't moved. But I would point out, auto is a very interesting study, because they've been building all the cars, they're just missing the last chip or maybe a couple of chips. And once those chips show up, there are zillions of cars out there that are going to have to move. So I don't know when that's going to happen, but when it does, it's going to be very good for the ad market, which goes to the broader point. And look, I'm not an economist, but I think history can be instructive here. If you look back, we've had three down out ad cycles since 2000, right? We had one coming out of 9/11, one in 2008 and then one more recently in COVID in 2020, and they're all different, but the similarity is, they all lasted a few quarters. It was all when there was negative GDP growth and each of those cycles led to a number of quarters with particularly robust ad growth coming out. So, yes, we do have some macro-driven softness and all the people are talking about it, but as it always does, this market will turn. And that's when you'll see real benefit from our positioning as a market leader with the number one broadcaster, cable group that includes leaders in young and diverse audiences, the number one fast service in the US, Pluto; rapidly scaling streaming service, Paramount+. It's all wrapped around compelling content that people want to be associated with and available more so than ever with what we're doing right now through a single point of access for the hold-cos and clients with best-in-industry creative support and ad tech. So it's powerful positioning. It will really show itself again as this market turns, which it inevitably will.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And Ben, on the ad market, you're right, the TV side has held up better than the digital side. I think there are a variety -- a couple of reasons for that. One is, yes, upfront base. And remember, our strategy in the upfront, because we didn't know what the market was going to be like, but we had some concerns that things could soften -- and we were in a place where we had taken, I think, 18 points of broadcast share year-to-year. So we decided to have a volume upfront versus a price upfront. And we did business at high singles, but we took significant volume, and that was a good thing, and that's certainly helping TV for us. Second, and somewhat related to that, you always have a place where TV has limited supply. Broadcast, obviously, the most limited supply than cable. But effectively, those vehicles are sold out, and that supply pool is not getting any bigger, let's say, -- and add to that, you've got proven effectiveness. If you're an advertiser with either product or servicing, certainly in the United States and you want to make an impact on a national level there really is no better demonstrated media than television and people know that. So when they have to make choices, TV still is relatively well positioned in that. More broadly speaking, the market at the moment is a bit demand constrained. And that definitely works against the digital side. That's kind of the flip side of the television. There is digital supply out there. When you have strong demand market, you can really benefit, and you've seen us benefit. But when there's demand constraint, that tends to be rougher. I would point out that based on the numbers I've seen reported, our D2C number of plus 4 actually compares quite favorably with some other large digital guys and what they've put on the table. So at least that's good, and we're happy about that. But at the moment, there's definitely some demand constraints we're working through. As to your question on Netflix, I'd say two things. I'd say, I'd start with the fact that new entrants going into the ad sports streaming, it's really validates again what we've long believed that adds our critical component of a broad streaming model. We see that as -- as you know, we have a totally free product in Pluto, and we have a lower priced product in Paramount+ Essentials. Those are enabled by ad sales, and they broaden consumer access and consumers make choices. Some pay more, some pay less, and ad helps you do that. So again, validation of our strategy. When you talk to advertisers, they really care about the content, and they want to be wrapped around popular content, but they want to also get the right mix of reach and frequency. It's not just reach, it's also frequency. And we have an integrated server that lets us deal with that. That's part of what Naveen was talking about when he said the value ultimately of our multi-platform strategy. People like our diverse collection of content, entertainment, sports, news. They like our track record in working with clients, integrated advertising. We're doing a lot in the advanced space. In fact, the fourth quarter is the first quarter ever where all the holding companies had at least one piece of business on non-Nielsen guarantees. So we're working with them on that. And we're dependable. We have a long track record of partnership. So yeah, there's new entrants. The ad market has always been competitive. We feel great about our position. We've been there for decades. We have an industry unique portfolio. No one else has broadcast network, fast and a high growth subscription streaming service, all wrapped around really the suite of content we have. So it's not about a new entrant. I think in the near-term, it's really about the state of the market that's going to -- the whole thing is going to pivot on. But we're not surprised they're joining the market, and we're happy to compete with them.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Look, I'd just like to close by saying I understand there are concerns about the macro environment impacting the financials. But again, they're cyclical, they will inevitably turn. And more importantly, our world-class content engine is driving unquestionable momentum across our platforms. By that, I mean streaming, television and theatrical. We're really putting points on the board in all of them, and we're going to continue to lean into this momentum as we execute our differentiated strategy. We continue to feel this is the best path to value creation. Of course, we'll always look at any option, but we will continue to do that as we execute and we look forward to getting the dialogue with all of you as we do. Thank you for your support. Have a great day.
