Robert M. Bakish: Sure. Yeah, thanks Mike. A nice meaty two part to open here. So in terms of your first question, we are super excited about what we're seeing with Paramount+ and I'd say, it started with the overwhelming learning from what we've seen is that our content strategy is working. There's no question that consumers are embracing a service spanning live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. We can see that in the sub numbers. As we mentioned, we added 6 million pay subs in the quarter globally, but the overwhelming piece of that was from peak Paramount+ domestic. And importantly that includes adding younger subs with an average age of new subs down six years. Second point is Paramount+ is showing great lines in terms of engagement. In fact, the percent of our daily subs, which are active, actually the percent of our total subs I should say, which are active on a daily basis is up sequentially and up year-over-year. And we see strong double-digit growth in hours per active user. In fact, that's up about 17% in March versus the prior year.  When you look under that in terms of content, which is obviously the key driver, we continue to see the power of what worked before. That includes sports, where we obviously benefited from the Super Bowl, the NCAA, Golf, and WAFA as we said. It includes originals, including The Stand, Star Trek and others, and includes CBS content. Live content is strong as our shows like MCIS and Hawaii Five-0. But the real news is it's now broader. Nickelodeon in particular is turning into a powerful driver of subs and engagement probably more quickly than we would have thought. It's a clear sub driver since the relaunch and it now accounts for a strong double-digit share of streams. And that's really because of the combination of compelling exclusive originals, of course, the SpongeBob movie, Sponge on the Run and the new Camp Coral series combined with a big known library. That's a recipe that clearly works. I think it's also worth noting that the SpongeBob franchise in totality, quickly moved to the top of the rankers at Paramount+. And probably what's most important here is this is an example of us replicating our strength in a legacy linear position here in kids in streaming. And we've also seen early positives from unscripted and reality as well as movies. So early days for Paramount+, but we very much like what we see in terms of consumer reaction to the product and as you know, based on that we're leaning in even more.  Moving to the second part of your question on Pluto, as you heard today, Pluto TV continues to be an incredible growth engine for this company. And when we look at it, we see four really powerful underlying growth drivers for Pluto TV, all of which are delivering now and all of which have a lot of room to run. That starts with MAUs, as you heard now under just 50 million globally, that's up about 90% like a hair more year-over-year, and we have substantial momentum and opportunity ahead. It then moves to engagement, where we see time -- mentioned it time spent per user continues to increase. And this is particularly as users gained familiarity with the product and as the volume of quality content continues to increase now, about over 150,000 hours in the U.S. We also look at sellout, that was actually up about 600 basis points year-to-year, but we're nowhere near a 100% and so we do have substantial room to run. And equally importantly, if you look at ad load on Pluto TV versus linear, the Pluto TV ad load is substantially below that of linear. And then there's pricing. We see advertisers with a significant demand for in particular Connected TV inventory and that in turn is supporting a great pricing dynamic.  We haven't actually pushed pricing on Pluto TV in the last two years so it's really one of the most efficiently priced products on the marketplace. And that gives us a really great pricing lane going forward when we choose to pull that lever. Last thing I'd say is Pluto TV revenue now more than doubled for the third sequential quarter in a row. Overwhelming driver of that is volume and that's combination of MAUs and time spent. Again, we haven't pushed the price lever and we haven't pushed sell out much. And that's part of our overall streaming growth story. It's the biggest part and it's what helped push us to 62%. So net-net we're in a great situation here on so many levels.
Robert M. Bakish: Yeah. So we'll take this sequentially Ben. So on the 499 product, we're really excited about it. It obviously brings live sports, breaking news, and amount of entertainment including this expanded original slate to the market at a lower price point. That's great from a consumer perspective. For us, it also has cost advantages, which improve margins versus the legacy 599 product, which we will be discontinuing from a new subscriber standpoint. If you step back from it, we believe two tiers of Paramount+ really maximizes its ability to drive the total addressable market. Obviously this lower price point at 499 is good for the more cost sensitive consumer and thus helps maximize total subscribers for Paramount+. It also adds another important asset for us in terms of advertising inventory. It will become part of IQ and because there's so much opportunity in high-quality premium streaming, digital advertising, we see the product actually generating higher ARPUs over time than the 999 product. So, it really is quite exciting there. I'd also point out that adding this to our quiver broadened the portfolio we have to work with distributors to meet their objectives, really strengthens our position as a supplier of choice. We add that to our existing offerings, both in free with Pluto TV and the Paramount and Showtime OTT and BET+ paid products. Obviously it's at the lower end of the price point, so it could work for a subset of their consumer base. It also related to the cost structure gives us more flexibility on promotions and so that's something we're excited to deploy. And lastly, I'd note, it will launch in early June with broad distribution. So very excited about the 499 product and how it will continue to drive Paramount+. Naveen. 
Robert M. Bakish: Sure, Rich, lot there. So on Paramount+ and kids, clearly kids is working for us. And no, it is not half of the consumption. Again, material double-digit percentages, but nowhere near half. What's driving that relative to the other call it genres and demographics is really the fact that we were able to at launch provide not only critical mass of library product, which we can do in other categories, but volume of exciting, exclusive, originals link to known franchises. And that in particular was the combination of the SpongeBob movie, which obviously was a theatrical movie, we chose to redeploy on Paramount+, and the new SpongeBob series Camp Coral. We had that ready to go because we had a movie for theaters and because we had a series that we were going to launch on Nickelodeon, call it linear.  As you look forward, those kind of things start to happen in the other genres. I mean, I'm very excited about what's going on with reality. As you know, we launched with Real World New York, it was only a couple episodes, so it wasn't really volume. And MTV, The Challenge, there was a little more volume, but it's the first series. As the year plays out, we basically have one new exclusive original in the reality space and unscripted space every month. So that's more fuel for that tank and that should start converting that genre lane for Paramount+, and we will market that particularly leveraging our linear networks and social where we know those fan bases are.  The other one I'd really highlight is movies. I mean, we have Paramount -- we have movies on Paramount+ today, but frankly not that many of them. That game changes dramatically in June, where we first dropped an additional 1000 and there are real movies, they're not deep library. Then we late in June have Infinite, which can create a lot of noise. I've seen the films on film, people love Mark Wahlberg. And then that leads to more -- a lot more, I call it library, again not deep library, including pay one library in July, and then quiet place on a short window from theatrical leading into later in the summer Paw Patrol. So we got a lot going on. And people love movies, in premium television. They love movies in streaming, they are based on engagement, love movies on Paramount+, we just don't have the volume we're about to have.  Let me use that to actually go to your third question for a second, which is around a movie a week, does it include short window, pay one or not? Yes, it includes short window pay one, call that a dozen pictures a year. The original movie per week will be an exciting movie per week. It will be a range of different kinds of movies. Some of them will be blockbusters that are heavily marketed from theatrical, the quiet place to type films. Some of them -- the vast majority of them will be made for Paramount+, those will be sourced from Paramount through our Paramount players studio or sub studio, as well as through other studio operations we have including Nickelodeon. As you know, we have the awesomeness side of Nickelodeon, which has done a great series of YA movies, including for streamers. So really excited about deploying that and getting that to have something on the platform every week that's fresh for someone to watch.  Your second question, I have a mark here of 36 plus. 
