Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, Ben, it's our goal to be in every new bundle. And as we said before, we don't think any new bundle is complete without CBS. It's hard to go out to the marketplace and say, "Hey, I got everybody, but I don't have CBS." You know, that means no football, no Big Bang, no Corden, no 60 Minutes, et cetera. Our strategy is, once again, we need to get fair value. In addition, there are other considerations. We're a content supplier, and it's really important that we get terms that we can live with. Once again, we are in conversations with virtually everyone, some we're closer to making deals with than others, but at the end of the day we think we offer a great value, and we think we're very fair in what we ask for. But once again, we value our content and they need to be reasonable in what they pay us.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No. Look, as I mentioned, primetime is down a lot across the board. Sunday night is down a lot. Monday night is down. Thursday night is down. Once again, we're done with our Thursday night games. We have it next year. It's half a season. We don't want to make any decisions or any thoughts about that. As I said, we're really happy that 95% of our games are on Sunday, and those numbers are a lot better. Plus, there are a lot of factors. It's a little early, and obviously the election has been mentioned. Let's see what happens a little bit down the road. As I said, we were very encouraged, we were up this past Sunday. So, no vast decisions made on a little bit of information.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Jessica, all we're going to say is exactly what I said early in my prepared remarks. There are special committees, there are bankers, it's in the very early stages. I honestly don't know of any timetable, and it would be inaccurate for me to even try to suggest one. So I hate to be vague, but literally it's at that stage. And it's not even in the second inning yet.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Not really. Once again, the advertisers who invest in the NFL are there for the long term. As I said, we were up 13% this past week. It's way too early. There have been no make-goods, and we're hoping that there won't be. So the advertisers are not concerned. There is so much noise out in the marketplace right now, it's really hard to draw a judgment per se. It's halfway through the season. We're anticipating a better second half, but the advertisers are totally supportive. And once again, it's still the best product on television.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll answer the first. Then I'll have Joe answer the second. In terms of our competitors, number one, some of it is market-driven. As I mentioned, California is a hot bed. We have six TV stations in California, and if you're out here there are so many propositions on the ballot, frankly, it's really hard to understand most of them. But there's a lot of money being spent there, and as I said, Senatorial and Gubernatorial races – possibly because some of the disconnects from the top of the ticket that there's more being spent locally. We're really strong in Pennsylvania with Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. We're really strong in Florida, which has Miami, which clearly is a very important state. We're strong in Colorado with our Denver station. So a lot of it has to do with that, and maybe our salesmen are just better.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Anthony, we're not really going to comment on the Time Warner AT&T potential merger there. Yes, Time Warner is a company we do a lot of business with. We have a great relationship with them. It's way too early for us to judge on anything, so we're staying out of the frame for the moment until we've had a chance to look at it further.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. Regarding the NFL, we are in fairly active discussions about putting it on All Access, you're right. The product is doing better, but the NFL is still extremely important to us, and we're hoping that we're able to reach agreement with them to get it there. It will make it even better. Look, the Twitter deal, the NFL, like all of us, is trying to figure out what is their digital strategy going forward. They're experimenting. Obviously, the numbers on Twitter aren't particularly high. They're certainly not affecting our ratings whatsoever. And I think everybody is trying to figure out what life looks like in the brave new world. Our relationship with the NFL remains very strong. And as I said, we are hoping to have a deal with All Access fairly quickly.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, domestic streaming obviously is something that's catching on. The numbers are getting fairly astronomical, so it's a real growth area. Once again, we separate – you look at the ratings of Corden, I'll use that as another example. The ratings are okay. It loses to Seth Meyer (sic) [Seth Meyers]. But when you count 2 billion streams of Carpool Karaoke and where the pricing is going with streaming, those numbers really turn into something very significant with both clips and full shows that are going on there. It's obviously expanding, and once again, the domestic syndication market, once again, may be slightly down from where it was before but once again, enhanced, and I'm talking about off-network syndication, enhanced so much by streaming and other SVOD deals that the amount of revenue we are taking in domestically is greatly increased. So ownership of our shows becomes more and more important, as we referenced. So when you add in what's happening internationally and domestically, the afterlife of these shows, the back end, becomes more important every day than the front end. So it's good to have a good advertising marketplace, but it's also good to have good programming that we own and we could cash in on.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Bryan. I'll take the first and Joe will take the second. You know what, unscripted is obviously growing all over the place. And as we mentioned with Carpool Karaoke and Drop the Mic, suddenly we find ourselves developing unscripted that we're selling to other outlets other than just CBS or the CW entities that we own. So we created this division within CBS Studios to specifically, obviously supply CBS first and foremost, but also there are so many outlets. Netflix is now getting into unscripted. Amazon is getting into unscripted. And we were able to bring back an executive who helped us create Survivor and Big Brother and The Amazing Race, who had a great track record, and we decided to form a new division. Because, once again, as I said before, the back end is becoming more important than the front end, and being able to have these units that are able to produce more and more quality content is a real positive for us.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: On the programming side, there really is nothing that unique. As we stated, we're off to a really strong start. We launched three shows in September. We've renewed all three of them. We just launched three more last week. We'll see what happens there. I think every network – there have been some successes at other networks. ABC has Designated Survivor and NBC has This Is Us and FOX has Lethal Weapon. So I think everybody has something good to point to about what's going on. Once again it's good to be the leader of the pack again. And FOX certainly was helped by seven days of great World Series ratings, damn them, but good for them, and it's all very healthy. Nothing has really changed with our strategy. We have more comedy on this year. We have eight comedies, which is the largest that anybody has had for quite a while. It seems to be working preliminarily, so but it's sort of business as usual, you know? Joe, do you want to answer...
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Marci, regarding the affiliates, they've always been an important part of our fabric and who we are. We've always had a great deal of respect for them, and having their cooperation throughout time, helping us promote our shows – they're part of the family. So as we enter into the new era, we have always found it really important and beneficial, and by the way, in certain ways beneficial financially for both them and us. And we've always sort of insisted that they be included in these deals, and as a result, All Access has grown faster because they share in the revenue. They're pushing it, they appreciate it and it makes for much better affiliate meetings in May than I expect our competitors having it. Regarding the marketing, it's a very good issue and something that we deal with on our OTT platforms. Once again, we are planning in the next few months to announce the ability to sell both of them together, CBS All Access and SHOWTIME OTT. Selling them together. We haven't come to a price point together, but once again, that ties into marketing. As we head into the spring and have Star Trek and Twin Peaks coming out on those competing platforms, how great will it be looking forward to be able to market them together at a slight discount if you buy them both, but that's part of our intent. The more people are exposed to these platforms, the more they like them. The more we're doing original content on them, the more they like them. So, once again, having a direct relationship with our consumer is a really important thing. Owning the CBS Television Network allows us to directly promote to them, and we have a lot of exciting marketing plans for both of them as we go forward.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Right. Thank you, Laura. The philosophical question, with all due respect, I cannot answer. That's pure conjecture, and I'm not talking about – all I'm talking about is CBS and SHOWTIME, a little bit CW, a little bit Pop, a little bit CBS Sports Network. Those are the only channels that I am dealing with, and I'm worrying about programming right now. Moving to your next question, look, Carpool Karaoke exploded out of nowhere, as did Drop the Mic, not to quite that extent. What we do, and as we look at the universe – and the universe has changed greatly – where everything's first call is not necessarily to CBS. A show like Carpool Karaoke works much better on Apple iTunes. It's going to be promoted by them, and it's not a show that really fits per se with CBS. It fits better there. The same thing with Drop the Mic. Perhaps better on Turner. Star Trek, obviously we could have sold to Netflix. We could have sold it to Amazon. SHOWTIME would have loved to have it. The CBS Television Network would love to have it. We had a wealth of opportunity, but once again, I think it told people how important All Access was to us. I think our goal of getting 4 million subs by 2020 is greatly enhanced by the knowledge that we're taking the family jewels and a really special property that has millions of huge fans for STAR TREK and putting it on CBS All Access will help give that a great boost. So, once again, I love having the ability to program everything from the SHOWTIME down to syndication, game shows, soap operas, great shows on CBS, and what's happening with our production group is we're now selling – I think we have shows now with 13 other venues outside of the CBS family, and that's going to be an important growth opportunity for us as we look down the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. On your question regarding scatter, this is why we don't sell 100% of our inventory in the upfront. We always keep the scarcity. So the scatter is up in excess of 20% of pricing. So we do have units available. We are selling them. And again, usually 9 out of 10 years, scatter pricing is significantly higher than the upfront, and that's why we think the upfront is such a good buy for advertisers because in the spot rate they end up paying more but we kind of like that too.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Anthony, just to clarify on Q4, I said Q3 was up slightly and Q4 is accelerating. So I think directionally you can see where that's going. I will just remind you, obviously, underlying network advertising last year in the fourth quarter was up 8%. So it is also coming up against a strong comp. But I think again, the takeaway for us at the local and national level, the demand for advertising and the pricing is strong.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, obviously, we think about those things. We watch Netflix closely and watch their model. But clearly, owning the underlying intellectual property, and that's why the ownership was so important to our core strategy. By the way, it goes to CBS All Access as well as SHOWTIME. I think as you can see that, there could be an opportunity again to go direct instead of through partners and stuff. Obviously, that will be an option we will have. We love the current business model we have now, but clearly down the road that is an option we have.
Joseph R. Ianniello: John, it's Joe. Look, I think part of our Investor Day presentation, if you remember that fourth pillar, if you will, we put up monetizing delayed viewing. And this is exactly doing that. This is the audience we are delivering today. So it's a question of just getting paid for that. So as we quantify that, we think that's a 9-digit opportunity, meaning hundreds of millions of dollars. And so how quickly we can get there, we'll see how the marketplace develops. But now that the technology is there from a DAI perspective and is being measured by an independent third party, I think we have the ammunition to execute.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Bryan, on your All Access and SHOWTIME over the top question, the momentum we have is really driven by the content. So on All Access, we launched a new season. You have the new Big Brother over the top. You absolutely see a surge in subscribers going into Q1 with The Good Fight and then Star Trek, so clearly expecting solid growth. And on the SHOWTIME side, The Affair coming, then Homeland and Billions leading into Twin Peaks, so we have that constant flow of new originals. So that's what's really driving the subscribers. Every time we put new content up there, audience seems to find it and subscribe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, they stick around. I think what we're seeing is those who watch it are watching twice as much. So they're definitely getting used to watching content that way. So, we have deals for SHOWTIME we have deals with Amazon and Hulu, and those subscribers tend to stick – they are much stickier because they understand that environment better. I still think, again, it's in the early innings of others migrating. But, again, we're in the early stages of this growth cycle.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Doug, the full stack, obviously that's important. We don't sell full stack. We sell rolling five. The full stack is available on CBS All Access.
Joseph R. Ianniello: David, look, I think the cadence always is the marketplace that drives the timing of it. So I know everybody wants to go quarter and just say, hey, what is it going to grow percentage-wise over that? I think the good news is we have hundreds of episodes yet to be monetized, beachfront properties such as NCIS: New Orleans, Madam Secretary on syndication, NCIS: Los Angeles on streaming. So we have some really big titles. I think you hit the nail on the head though, I think what's underappreciated is the SHOWTIME. Part of our strategy from years ago was to own more and more of SHOWTIME. So because SHOWTIME's only in 25ish million homes here, there's a lot of people that don't have the exposure to SHOWTIME. So I think monetizing on that and locking that because we own that intellectual property – it's huge amounts of cash flows for years to come.
