Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bob. And Mike, I’ll just add a few things on the DTC point and then address your question on the dividend. As Bob said, on DTC, this is a combination of subscriber growth as well as ARPU growth. Bob talked about a number of the drivers on those. I would just add, particularly with respect to ARPU, we continue to see growth there both from a favorable mix shift in terms of tiers, channels, geography. We’re also seeing some good trends from an ad ARPU growth perspective. So, that’s going to continue to contribute to growth going forward. And it benefits from nice growth that we are seeing in terms of engagement, hours per sub, and the like. And then, the pricing piece, which Bob mentioned, and I think is really worth reiterating, all the pieces are in place for us to, I think, successfully raise pricing without a significant impact on churn and growth. The value proposition for P+ both relative to other streaming services and traditional pay television remains incredibly strong. And as I said, engagement on the service is only getting deeper. So, we’re very encouraged by what we can do there. And we are going to be taking really just the first step this year. I think there also future opportunities to grow price down the road, both domestically and internationally. So, that’s DTC. And then, with respect to your question on the dividend, look, I think the capital allocation policy, the changes we made to our capital allocation policy are totally appropriate for a company that has both the compelling growth opportunity we see today, but operating in the current macro environment, there is no debate that our streaming momentum has obviously continued to build. But the reality is the macro environment has not gotten less complex. So, it’s prudent really for all companies to optimize their balance sheet for flexibility. And that’s exactly what we are doing by reducing the quarterly dividend to $0.05. That does translate to significant cash savings. Roughly, $500 million annually as mentioned while still returning some capital to shareholders. And two, one of the elements of your question, I would emphasize that the reduction in the dividend does not mean that we intend to spend more than previously planned on streaming. You should really think of this as the cash benefit of reducing the dividend, along with other initiatives like non-core asset sales and continued cost management, is intended to help delever our balance sheet, which is generally a smart thing to do in an uncertain macro environment. And is also a key ingredient in creating long-term shareholder value which is, of course, the primary goal that we have.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure, Brett. Thanks for the question. And as you said that the top line dynamics are important here as well, because even though the traditional ecosystem is obviously evolving, the financial impact for us is somewhat mitigated, given the combination of rate increases in both linear advertising side and linear affiliate revenues, which offset some of that ecosystem shift. We saw that in Q1, where linear affiliate revenue declines were just 1%, which is much lower than what you see in terms of declines in the pay-TV sub base overall. But with respect to the cost base, which you specifically asked about, there are numerous levers that we continue to exercise. That includes variety of opportunities on programming, things like continuing to evolve the mix of genres, transitioning some of our programming to lower cost formats, moving more production offshore where factor costs are significantly lower, and we are even doing things like adopting AI for content localization, which by the way, produces some really high-quality results that's very, very compelling economics. So, lots to do on the programming side. Beyond programming, we are taking a highly disciplined approach to headcount and continuing to find efficiencies there. And also, evolving marketing budgets where it makes sense and where we can do so efficiently. Then we are also doing some things around licensing, which is little more revenue-related, but we do see opportunity to expand our licensing business in, call it, non-core international marketplace. So, the way I think about it, it's really the combination of our ability to mitigate some of the ecosystem declines on the top line, while also exercising a lot of these levers on the cost side, the combination of which means that TV media OIBDA will continue to be a source of significant earnings in cash flow going forward.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, look, I think I will go in the reverse order there, Ben. With respect to dividends, I just said it really is about providing as much financial flexibility as possible and finding ways to create the most value for our shareholders. And I think having a strong balance sheet is helpful to that. And the macro environment is something that we are cautious of as we think about what the balance sheet should look like. So, that is very much the motivation there. With respect to your question on content spend over time, I would say a few things, number one, really since we launched Paramount+ we have had a strategy which is very focused on being as efficient as possible in how we deploy cash related to content for building out streaming. If you remember, we embrace the concept of sharing content across platforms to reduce cost and maximize our ally. We lean very heavily into franchises, which are fundamentally more cost-efficient. We never abandoned third-party licensing, and we took a very capital efficient approach to international expansion. Now, we are always looking for ways to be even more efficient that content spend. That's one of the reasons that we decided to integrate Showtime and Paramount+, which as we said last quarter, means more than 700 million of future expense savings, not all of which is content. And I think I also noted that the time that does mean DTC content expansion 2024 should actually be less than what we originally indicated. And we are not stopping there. We are pushing even harder to unlock additional savings. That means even bigger focus on franchises, and some of the things I referenced earlier, genre mix, formats, order size, looking at the special effect budget, international development et cetera. And I think the combination of those things means we will likely find even more efficiencies in content spend across both linear and streaming than what we have assumed today.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. So, Rich, as it relates to your question on engagement and ad monetization, short answer is we're very bullish about the opportunity to grow at ARPU on P+. That opportunity really begins with engagement. And we've seen really strong momentum there. In fact, if you look at our Q1 results, the viewing hours per sub actually grew double-digits, both sequentially, and year-over-year. And I expect we'll see further growth and engagement. As the content slate continues to expand as awareness continues to grow and frankly, as we get even better at optimizing the programming strategy, recommendations, and the like, I think there's a really interesting data point that is relevant there, in the form of customers who use the current Showtime P+ bundle, those customers spend about 20% more time on the service, and they watched 40% more titles than the folks in standalone Paramount+. So, there's clearly significant opportunity for us to continue to grow engagement, which means significant opportunity for ad monetization, particularly when the ad market improves. So, quite frankly, even the current trajectory is encouraging. I think domestic ad ARPU similar to engagement was up double-digits this quarter on both a sequential and a year-over-year basis. So, big value creation opportunity there.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, Rob, with respect to sort of the financial impact of that, particularly the international component. Obviously, we're not going to give you any specific numbers there, though, I'd say a few things. Number one, that business is a high margin business, and so it can be a nice contributor. It's largely about licensing stuff that has already been produced for other channels. So, unlike the original production business, which is a little lower margin, this one can be a nice contributor. And I suspect it'll grow over time. More importantly, there are multiple drivers for earnings and free cash flow growth in '24. And I think it's important to remember what those are and the potential that they have. We talked about them last quarter, and they continue to apply. We were expecting to see significant growth in Paramount+ subscribers and ARPU, i.e. revenue growth. We are tracking nicely in terms of the integration of Showtime and Paramount+, which unlocks both top line benefit as well as significant savings in content and other places. That does mean you will see slowing growth in streaming content spend, as well as marketing efficiencies that we get through content leverage, more utilization and promotional inventory et cetera. So, those are the big drivers into '24, and we remain confident in what will deliver them.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. And Doug, with respect to your question on free cash flow, I think I just took it through some of the sort of operational levers, if you will, that will drive the business into '24. If you think about it through more of just a pure financial end, yes, OIBDA improvement is a big contributor to the improvements that we expect to see in free cash flow, but there are also benefits from a working capital perspective. We talked about this dynamic, where over the last few years as we have ramped up in streaming, you saw significant growth in sort of cash content spend. And then it takes a little while for the expense side of that to -- the P&L side of that to show up, because of the nature of amortization. What you will see going into '24 and beyond is actually that the cash content growth really starts to slow very significantly. And you start to get a place where the rate of growth in cash content and P&L expense will start to converge. But there is going to be real benefits from a working capital perspective over the next couple of years, because of those dynamics.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, thanks, Phil. So, first with respect to '24 goals, we talked about this a little bit on our last call, we've continued to be very bullish about DTC growth overall. There are some puts and takes in terms of what's going on in terms of the ad market, but we are, I would say, ahead of our plans with respect to Paramount+ growth subs revenue et cetera. I noted that with respect to content expense, the integration of Showtime and Paramount+, we think does puts in a position where we'll actually be spending less in 2024 than we originally indicated. So, I think in general, we continue to be very excited about the trajectory of the DTC business relative to our plan. Regarding the question on retail churn characteristics, I think the short answer is churn continues to improve. We saw that in Q1, and it's been pretty consistent theme as we see really nice improvements in engagement, the content portfolio continues to expand, we get more partnerships in place, all of those things are beneficial from a churn perspective, and that's definitely one of the key ingredients that's going to drive revenue growth going forward. So, we like what we are seeing there.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Jessica. I will take both of those. Let me do the writers strike first. It's a little bit shorter. Starting with, writers are an essential part of creating content that our audiences enjoy really across platform, and we hope we can come to a resolution that works for everyone fairly quickly, but it's also fair to say there is a pretty big gap today, and it's really a multifaceted ask. So, obviously we've been planning to this. We do have many levers to pull, and that will allow us to manage through the strike even if it's for an extended duration. In terms of those levers, we have a lot in the can, so to speak, content in the can. So, with the exceptional things like Late-Night, consumers really won't notice anything for a while. Add to that, a broad range of reality and unscripted where we are definitely a leader, as well as sports, and that's not affected. And so, look, we can do more in those areas if necessary, and again, we have a leadership position overall. Plus, we have offshore production, which we have been moving to leverage prehistoric anyway, as part of our broader strategy, and Naveen touched on that. Plus, finally one of the largest libraries in media features television series, multiple demographics, et cetera, which we can pull from to fill the schedules. So, we are well-positioned to navigate that, and by the way, in case, because I'm sure you're wondering in terms of financial impact, it really ultimately depends on duration of the strike, but at this point we think it's probably slightly dilutive to revenue, flat on OIBDA, and accretive to your question to cash. But again, ultimately really a function of how long it lasts. Over to the ad side, when you said we're doing something differently, you're referring to our upfront events, which I will come to, big picture retail grade about our proposition to advertisers in their agencies, I've been associated with it for a long time, and frankly I think it's strong as it's ever been, given our differentiated platform portfolio, industry-leading creative integration, advertising a lot on alternate measurement, and of course, a popular content, including sports, and by the way, we have the next Super Bowl, so that's August. We did realign our sales force in terms of doing something differently. Also we realigned it. So, now it's easier to do business with us, particularly if you are agency holding company, where you now have a dedicated team serving you that's knowledgeable about your business, and again, can give you turnkey access. With respect to the upfront, we did a couple of things differently this year. In fact, we just wrapped nine upfront events in a new format that really strong resonated with our clients in the room. They liked it. It's targeting specific buyer groups. It was more intimate. It was really quality two-way conversation, and that contracts kind of with the old model of one big presentation event and then a huge party after not really effective anymore for the day. By the way we did it earlier, that's clearly better. And for us, it's one of those rare move that's more effective based on the feedback we got, and more efficient because in aggregate it costs significantly less in the old model. So, we feel great about that. And again, we are in the very early stages of the upfront. I'm not going to comment on what's going on; price, volume, et cetera, because at the end of the day, it's an active negotiation, and it doesn't make sense to get into it live on the call. So, that's it. I will say, by the way, without getting into it, we definitely have a plan here, we are executing against that plan. And I do believe that when the dust settles, we will clearly demonstrate the power of Paramount in the ad space, so feeling good about it going in.
Bob Bakish: Yes, and going to your question about the cost side, clearly start with it's something we are very focused on as an umbrella point, if you look and you could think Rich when we started this conversation seven years ago, at the time on the cable networks side, we had probably five fully built out groups organizationally programming each set of networks. Fast forward to today, through consolidation, call it economics, we now have one kind of master cable networks group here in the U.S. And I'm going to come back to the international side in a second. And they're running all the networks with a slight exception, and we're in the middle of effectuating the latest step on that which is the Showtime consolidation into effectively the U.S. cable group. And so, there's all kinds of economic savings there. And we continue to ask the question of how can we extract more from operating a set of networks as a portfolio managed in a single group and that goes to organization, that goes to how we use content, that goes to cross promo, et cetera. And again, we've seen significant benefit along the way. And we think there is further road to go. And right now we're just in the middle of integrating Showtime. And if you look at, for example, what we did with Your Honor, most recently, we launched that show on the back of this second season on the back of what we call the Yellowstone Launchpad on Paramount network. That probably would, that was much easier to do as we integrated the structure into one than it was previously. And those are the kinds of things we'll continue to model mine. As you look outside the U.S. and the International, there's two things you should know, again, going to the cost. One is we've now globalized management of those networks. So, Chris's team is ultimately thinking about how can we run that whole portfolio more efficiently and effectively. And related to that, we are going from a place where you have country specific feeds to in a way it's back to the future. It's shared feeds with local opt outs and multiple language tracks, which has all kinds of efficiencies. So, there is I'm not going to get into what the specific headcount could be. But rest assured, that is something we are very focused on and we will continue to extract benefits as we go forward.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And with that, in closing, look, I want to emphasize that we have momentum, and importantly, we have conviction. So, we are going to focus on driving market-leading streaming growth, while navigating this dynamic macroeconomic environment, and know that the decisions we're making will position us well for our pack of streaming profitability, significant earnings growth, and a return to positive free cash flow in 2024. So, we are laser-focused. Thank you everyone. We appreciate your support, and be well, we will talk to you soon.
