Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Okay, Ben. Look, on the timing, we said we would file with the IRS in the first quarter, and we did that, I believe, March 15. So traditionally, the IRS takes 6 or so months. So obviously, they have to go through their process, and we'll respond to any questions they have during that process. On the SEC front, we'll file that registration statement this quarter, and we'll go through rounds of questioning that they have on our filing. So again, the anticipation is by the end of the year we're through and clear that, and we're ready for the IPO. Could it happen a little sooner or little later, I guess. Sure. That's a little bit of out of our control. But we're staying on track for that, and we're very optimistic about that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, David, on Syncbak, I think, what we like about the investment, A, it preserves the current ecosystem and it protects the affiliates very well, can be Nielsen measured, and so we're very flexible with that. So if consumers want to consume the content that way, we want to make sure that we have an ability to deliver it that way. So I think, again, it was a very smart and strategic investment.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Anthony, on Netflix, look, our Netflix relationship is very, very strong. We're in constant dialogue with them all the time. So our agreement today currently provide -- we have some flexibility, obviously, going out through this year and next year. So again, I think, it's again, it's a relationship. We continue to build it, they're quite happy with the content we're providing them. And as they evolve, we're going to kind of continue to be by their side.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, I don't think we give any sort of guidance on that, and specifically with an individual distributor. But I think what we did say was 2013 streaming revenue will exceed 2012. That we can say today, for sure. And I think Les said in his remarks, there's a lot of other providers talking about how to distribute content and, again, I think as the marketplace evolves, we're right there.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it's close. It's close. It really just depends, Mike. There's no trend there. It's -- the audience and the masses, it's going to deserve that premium.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I calculated up double digits to low teens, Doug, and again that's pretty steady. And the good news is, the demand is broad-based. It's not one category driving it. So it's coming pretty much across-the-board. So that's a real positive sign for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it's not an immediate launch, but again, John, if you're looking for just driving of the numbers, just think '14, '15, really, but obviously, there are partners out there talking about a fall launch.
Joseph R. Ianniello: That's underlying. Basically stripping out kind of all of the onetime changes. We have the Super Bowl, but the NCAA Final Four went into the second quarter. So really, Alexia, what we tried to give you is kind of like the underlying base business.
Joseph R. Ianniello: David, here's what I'd tell you, Syncbak was not in response to Aereo. We've been talking with Syncbak for quite a number of years, actually. So this technology wasn't developed overnight. So we're working there. If the consumer demand is -- this is the way consumers want it, obviously, we're going to have a business model that satisfies that demand. So it was really just that simple.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, look, I think that, Bill, that evolves. Because as this Outdoor transaction is pretty significant, we're looking at our mix of revenue and how much is advertising related, how much is non-advertising. So again, we don't have a set target that it has to be this target ratio. Obviously, our investment grade rating is important to us, but again, I think we've shown our priority is to buy back our stock, and we're going to continue to do that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Tim, as far as the underlying growth, I mean, I call it steady. So we're not disappointed with steady. Obviously, with a stronger economic backdrop we expect that to grow, but again, that's stripping out all of those events, but network advertising for the first quarter was up 14%.
Joseph R. Ianniello: There's no -- Marci, let me just answer that question. There's no assumption of a new Netflix deal in that statement.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, here's what I'd say, Marci. The digital billboard component is still low-single digits revenue to us. I mean, that's -- it's such an upside, really, for us as the capital costs have continued to come down for those digital signs. So we've been a lot slower than some of our peers to rolling that stuff out. So again, we're quite optimistic that we have a top 50 list and we're going to continue to deploy our capital that way, but -- so there's a lot of room to grow. But again, at this point, today, it's again, single digits.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, it's not a co-production with Amazon. We have the deal where they're going to air it 3 or 4 days after it's on the air at the network. So it is a -- something that we have never done before. And during the summer months, we were looking for the ability to put on more original programming because things were getting a little quieter in the summer, and we had to look for new models to do that. And because of the Amazon deal and, obviously, the strong international syndication marketplace, we're able to put on a big budgeted, 12-episode miniseries like Under the Dome on there. In addition, we have some more reality programming than we normally do, and Big Brother comes back every year, which it's done extremely well for 10 years. So there will be more activity during the summer and perhaps, even during the year. I think what's happened with the SVOD partners, we've had a lot more freedom to put on more original program. Under the Dome is serialized in nature, and that sort of lends itself to more of the SVOD, and I think that becomes a part of it. But certainly not at the exclusion of the close-ended shows which still sell better in syndication.
Leslie Moonves: Right now, we own about 70% of our schedule. Right now, it's too early to tell. As I said, we're still in the pilot process, and we're beginning our scheduling meetings in a few days. So I don't know which of our shows is going to get on the air. I can tell you over 50% of our pilots are wholly-owned. So it will be a combination of some of the outside stuff but also some of the things we own, and I anticipate there'll be some of both.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the other -- the ones that are outside, some we do own an interest in and a couple of them we don't. Warner Bros. obviously, we don't -- they don't share, in terms of the ownership. But some of the other studios do. So it's a mixed bag, as it always is. But rest assured when the schedule's announced in a few weeks, there'll be a large, large percentage of CBS-owned shows. In terms of Showtime, obviously, Dexter is going to finish its final year. It's been announced and it begins in a few weeks. And that can go into syndication soon after that, and the other 2 are in '14 and '15.
Leslie Moonves: And, David, on the cable thing, number one, I don't think it'll ever come to that, because I think we're going to win the case legally and the moving to cable is a secondary resort. Once again, 85% of our viewers are receiving the CBS signal through cable or satellite, or any other MVPD. So we're only talking about that final 10% or 15%, and it would only be in markets where that -- let's say, the court said, aerial could exist. And so it's nothing we think that is going to happen. But if it does, it's fairly easy to do it, and frankly, it wouldn't change the affiliation agreements because what we would put on would be our local stations, just as they are now. We would just exclude broadcast, and as I said, I am very doubtful that, that happens.
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the second one first, and then Joe, why don't you talk about Netflix. Yes, you know what, Anthony, we did a few more comedy pilots. The dramas were about the same. We did a few extra comedy pilots next year. And as I said, where the good news about the situation with our schedule is, right now there's only one apparent opening for a comedy. But knowing that a year from now, How I Met Your Mother, this is its final year, it's good to be able to be -- plan for that and put on a few more mid-season shows. And I can tell you right now, we certainly have the goods to do that. In terms of programming costs going up, obviously, Under the Dome is something we didn't do a year ago. But we wouldn't have done Under the Dome unless we knew we had it backed up 100% by the Amazon deal and combining Amazon with the international syndication deal makes Under the Dome profitable immediately. So you may see more original programming on during the schedule, during the year. But only if it's backed up by the ability to monetize it elsewhere. So there may be a higher programming cost, but on top of that there'll be significantly more revenue and more profits.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and just to amplify on that, the relationship with Netflix, yes, we have a big overall deal with them, and now those results come in, they see some of our content is working better than others, and there's some shift. In other words, we're giving them stuff and replacing stuff, and there are certain things that will come off our schedule that we do have the ability to make a put towards. But once again, as long as there is a consistent dialogue about this deal and ongoing deals, the relationship remains strong, and we anticipate that it will remain strong for many years to come.
Leslie Moonves: I think the answer is, all of the above. Obviously, because we are the leading network in all demographics, our scatter pricing and our demand is significantly higher than anybody else's. So there is, as I said, more demand than there was exactly a year ago in the scatter marketplace. At the same time, the pricing for the big events has gone up substantially. The GRAMMYs pricing went up a lot. The ACM's pricing went up a lot. The football pricing went up a lot and it will remain that way. As much as people continue to want to say "network is failing," it isn't. It isn't. The Super Bowl prices keep going up, a couple of hundred thousand dollars for a 30-second spot. The pricing for the GRAMMYs goes up, and the pricing for all of our primetime shows continues to go up and scatter, and it'll be up, as I've said, quite a bit in the next Upfront.
Leslie Moonves: Our executive team, I'm sure, could do 10 more series, if they needed to. We're doing a series for Turner for the first time, a 13-episode series for Turner Network. So they have a great deal of capacity. It's not about the studio being able to do it, it's about getting the right producers and their staffs to be able to do it. So I think that there's a great upside in the CBS production group. People talk about Netflix doing original programming. We're talking to them about producing for them. So the great news is, we can produce for anybody, and we've got a lot more capacity.
Leslie Moonves: Look, there clearly is -- some of the other networks that are a little bit more ratings challenged than we are, are having a bit more trouble. So when that happens obviously, people want to be with us, and I think there's definite demand. And I think there's more visibility than now than there was a few months ago. So it's good to be in first place and having -- as we end the season, people coming onboard to join us.
Leslie Moonves: Well, Doug, if you've been reading, everybody's complaining that I haven't come out with my double-digit projections yet. I didn't -- because I've done it 2 years in a row. I've read at least 3 stories which are saying the networks aren't bullish because Moonves hasn't said double digits. So I have said double digits the last 2 years. Two years ago, we were up 12% to 13%. Last year, we were up around 9%. So I was slightly off. But if you average the 2, I certainly was right and I'm confident again. Look, as I said, there's a lot of noise this time of year, but we are pretty confident in the hand we're playing.
Leslie Moonves: No, not yet. Look, right now, we're going to be upfront, assuming most of it's could be C3 but I can tell you within a year, I think it's going to be all converted to C7.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And the TV Guide Network, you're absolutely right. We felt we've got an unbelievable value with this thing and we consider Lionsgate a terrific partner there. A great content company, as are we in different areas, and we have a very close relationship with them. And when they came to us and said, "Look, this is the ballpark that the other half is going to be going in, we would love you to be our partner." There are, obviously, very simple things that CBS automatically can do. Like place some of our library product there, add our marketing team to what's going on, do extended original programming, as part of Entertainment Tonight or OMG! Insider, doing the red carpets on all these award shows. So there's a lot of low hanging fruit that we are already taking advantage of, and having a base of 80 million subs makes us a very, very attractive place to be. So we're having a lot of fun, and we really excited about the future of it.
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, the biggest strength is primetime, but daytime is growing also. We have 5 good shows and, once again, it's a much more profitable daypart than it was even 2 or 3 years ago because we've replaced the high-priced soap operas with, obviously, a talk show and a game show. In addition, our ratings in news have gone up substantially. The morning, which is the main revenue place, we're up over 20% year-to-year in the morning, and that's adding revenue quite a bit. The evening news also is up substantially. So it's a growth area. And I would say late night is sort of flat with a year ago and, obviously, interesting things going on in that daypart. But may I say, I think, we've got the best guy in late night, and stability is a good thing here.
Leslie Moonves: David, I'll start and I'll let Joe finish. Aereo really has gotten way too much attention. As I said yesterday at Milken, we're not losing sleep over it. It's sort of an insignificant player that has a couple of thousand subs, and we think, ultimately, that it goes away. And we agree with what you just said. They are pirating our signal. Would we look at it differently if they came to us as a system, an online system, that wanted to take our signal and pay for it? Perhaps. And Syncbak, Joe, is...
Leslie Moonves: Number one, regarding Aereo, if they put up another signal, we'll sue them again. We won in California. We lost in New York. They say they're going to go to Boston, and we'll be in Boston, and we'll follow it. Once again, it's not a major concern for us. In terms of the advertising, number one, the season started off in a very odd way and the reason some of these numbers are off, and by the way, your numbers are somewhat different than ours, is the fact that we don't think that it's -- that online viewing is being counted properly. And DVR viewing is not being counted properly. So we think when all is said and done, and the appropriate numbers are put into place, you're going to find that the numbers are not down nearly as much as that. And in fact, they might surprise you how much they are up. One of the things that we would love to do in an ideal world is cancel overnight ratings. Because everybody reports on overnight ratings, and they don't attribute the fact that we have over 10 shows that get a lift of over 2 million viewers every single week. So the numbers that are reported are semi-inaccurate, and also, Nielsen is trying new methods to account for all the online viewing. It's not there yet. So broadcast television, cable television, it's all in pretty good shape.
Leslie Moonves: They can use C3, there's a lot more multiplatforming going on. And when you're dealing with an Upfront -- an Upfront buys [ph], Alan, it's not as clean cut as all that. Rest assured, volume -- our volume's going to be up and our CPM's going to be up considerably.
Leslie Moonves: As I said, we anticipate being able to go from C3 to C7. Some of the deals will be made this year, because there are some of the advertisers who get that C4 through 7 is a valuable commodity. And they get that C8, past C8, like we're doing with our iPad app. We're putting advertising in there, and so it's beginning to happen right away. Would it be robust within a year? Absolutely. The thing that's going to be significant is, there are going to be a lot of advertisers who advertise C -- live through C7, who are going to still want to be on past that. And then you'll have ad insertion on different advertisers and there will be further monetization. I think the good news is, the further we do go down the road, the more every single viewer will count in some way or another.
Leslie Moonves: Tim, on your first question, does it make it more complicated? Undoubtedly. Undoubtedly, however, once again, we understand much more now than we did before about ad insertion, about conversion from live to C3 to C7. And you know what? The further we get down the road, the further we're going to be able to identify every single viewer, every single demographic and what product they're buying. It is complicated, but it's going to be much more valuable in the future.
Leslie Moonves: Well, we don't give that out. As we said, it's growing. The value of our channels and our content is considerable -- going up considerably. We're sort of been consistent, it's been a steady rise until '17 where we're going to have $1 billion, if not before.
