Leslie Moonves: I think it's a little bit of everything. Obviously, our ratings have been fairly significant and fairly dominant. In addition, the marketplace clearly has gotten a lot stronger in the first quarter than it was in the fourth quarter. And as we head towards the upfront and scatter becomes a little bit less important, although scatter still double-digits, I think everybody is preparing right now for the upfront. And we're airing a terrific position because the advertisers have come back in a very strong way. We're getting a lot of early indications. As I said, our schedule is fairly secure and that we've announced 18 pickups, and there's another one that's almost done, which would be a 19th. And so the advertisers -- it's a lot better to plan for a schedule on CBS than anybody else. And we're feeling a lot of strength in the ad market.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. We, right now, are producing one show for USA. We have another pilot right now in the works for Turner. And CBS also has a pilot for Showtime, which is internal. So with the pipeline into CBS and into CW, we are now expanding, and we are looking to do that. And we're in pretty good shape, and we do have the capacity to do that.
Leslie Moonves: Well, HBO is 27 and 28, and they were 27 about 5 years ago when we were 13. So we've added 8 million and there's no reason we can't add some more going forward. I mean, clearly, people are responding to our original programming in a big, big way, and it's not surprising to us that our subscribers are increasing.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I don't know if we said that this was the highest quarter for that. We really don't know. The other quarters are looking potentially even bigger than that.
Leslie Moonves: And a lot of the affiliate deals, as we said, weren't up, aren't up until next year. So you'll see a rapid rise there in the 50-50 types of deals with our affiliates.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, we have a lot of premium content that is not scripted fictional content. We do have some laboratories, and we are experimenting with that to make it a good financial model. Obviously, along with Warner Bros, I think we're at the top of the line in terms of producing great fictional content. And it's something we want to do more down the line. We haven't yet see the model that makes it financially worthwhile to do it in a big way, but we do have a lot of smaller experiments going on.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. The fact that auto is back is huge -- it's hugely significant for our local businesses. So we applaud what's happening in Detroit and throughout the world in the auto segment.
Leslie Moonves: No, not really. Not really. Overall scatter is still good. And once again, I know people think I sound cocky about our schedule, but we do feel very good about it going there. And if we don't get our right pricing, we are not going to sell. Our intent going in is to sell close to 80%, but only at the right pricing, otherwise, I'm more than happy to hold out. And the fact that the market wasn't as strong as we would've liked as it has been in the fourth quarter, bears -- it doesn't make us change that, whatsoever.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. No, it's a very good question. And once again, as Joe mentioned, we have the right to extend our opportunity with Netflix, and that we will continue for many years at our option. And we are in active conversations with many of the other participants from the Intels of the world to some of the existing companies like Comcast and their service. What's great about all this is we're literally talking to everyone who's out there. And when you have the library and the existing content that we do across all these platforms, mostly entertainment but also some news and sports content, there's opportunities galore out there. So when we first did Netflix, everybody said, "Oh, do you see anybody else out there?" And sure enough, Amazon came along and made a big deal. There are a lot of players out there circling the building. And we will be making some of those deals over the next number of months.
Leslie Moonves: Number one there is obviously more information available from the Netflix and the Amazons about what shows are being watched. And once again, in that bundle, there's some very good news. There are certain of our shows that are watched by a ton of people, the Star Trek franchise for instance is that, and that becomes very concerted. Look, we have a nonexclusive deal with Netflix, a nonexclusive with Amazon. The newer deals will continue on that basis. And I don't know if they're taking a wait-and-see. I think they're figuring out different models. And as we said over and over again, once again, they need our content. They need our content no matter what it is. So they're looking at it in different ways and sometimes in the same way. So it's going to be an exciting period of time.
Leslie Moonves: For us, priority number one is to get ratings. That's the biggest bucket that we have, keeping our network #1, keeping it healthy. Ownership becomes a second priority. That's the second bucket, owning the syndication. Yes, we have more dramas that we own. Number one, we have twice as many dramas on our schedule right now as comedies. And frankly, the dramas now, with the international marketplace and more importantly, the domestic marketplace, now exploding with drama. And international continuing almost becomes a better -- and not almost, is a better value proposition for us than the comedies. In addition, very few of the comedies, if they score, they score big. All dramas pretty much score big internationally. So that's a better marketplace. That's not to say we wouldn't like to expand our presence in comedy. It's something that we will look to do over the next couple of years. But we are primarily a drama place and that's worked out just fine for us.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, it's not -- the increase is not quite as high as you said -- it. And the numbers starts -- remember, it's a deal that lasts for a long time that starts a little bit above what we're paying now and expands as our advertising expands. As you said, it will be profitable from season one in the new deal. So it is a very good deal. It's a very fair deal. And as well as there is some extra rights that are involved in it, plus we will be getting better games because we have the NFC. We have 7 NFC games from the bigger market teams that will -- should increase our ratings. So it's a slow, gradual increase in the fees. And once again, advertising and retrans and all those things will more than make it very profitable deal.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding Hulu, we'll take a look at it on under the authentication model. Right now, we're very pleased with our digital strategy without Hulu. We're doing extremely well being nonexclusive with the Netflix and the Amazon and more importantly our CBS.com sites, which we keep 100%, hundred cents on the dollar. When it comes out, and we will, of course, have a conversation with them. On the CW side, we're doing business with Hulu Plus right now. So we're -- we do talk to them. But right now, we're very happy with our strategy.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, I think it's the demand, right, is what's really driving it. It's in obviously more countries as well as the more established countries, it's more competitive. So clearly, that's allowing us to have pricing leverage in those negotiations. So -- but I think the strong demand is really what's driving that, Ben.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, Michael, it's Joe. Look, I think part of the strategy with Showtime was only more of the original series, and you're seeing the benefit of that. Clearly, we're selling those domestically as part of our new streaming deals as well as internationally. House of Lies, again, is another good example of one that's kind of coming that, again, we owned. So again, it's just another example of these ancillary revenue streams that as you're seeing, are pretty significant, very high margin contributing to that strategic action. So, yes, we definitely -- the margin of Showtime from the first quarter grew significantly. There will be timing of the way we expense things in terms of premieres, et cetera. So we will have a little bit of that. But again, it's a very strong flow-through of the revenue that's really driving it. And I think, as Les said in his remarks, about half of the 15% growth came from these digital opportunities, but the other half is coming from our base business.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Well, look, we're having these conversations all the time with people who want to get into the business and extend their deals. So from -- yes, from the deals that we have currently under contract, yes. But again, like I said, that's changing all the time. And there's a lot of interest and demand for more and more of these deals. So we're constantly talking to people. So I don't know...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, if you're just looking about -- again, if you look at the segments, Michael, just remember when we record retrans half in local broadcasting and half in entertainment. So you just have to be careful when you're looking at the actual dollar amounts. I think, again, as we've said, retrans, it's $250 million this year. We're clearly on track for that. We obviously see some upside to that, and we're renegotiating all these deals all the time. So we continue to think it's going to be a strong part of our earnings growth.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Laura, this is Joe. We saw that from auto as well as retail. Those are probably the 2 strongest categories, which are our top 4 categories for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And they're obviously very -- there are much healthier companies now, even the small businesses, I think, are all kind of recapitalized. And again, it's just a good underlying point just to make for the strength of the local economies.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, Doug. Look, we're very happy with our balance sheet. Obviously, we've changed the complexion of it tremendously over the last couple of years. Our priority right now is focusing of returning capital to shareholders. And clearly, as we gain more visibility into our cash flows, and as you said, there are more -- much more and more of them are committed to everyday, gives us a lot of confidence in looking at our return of capital policy. I think just last year, we doubled our dividend as well as doubled our share buyback program. So again, we're looking at that all the time. We're committed. And it’s our major priority to look to increase that over time.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. Look, we definitely see the trends coming down. I mean, obviously, you can just look at the size of the numbers. Our D&A is -- on a run-rate basis, is $540 million, and our CapEx is somewhere between 250 and 300. Right? So you can see that, that's going to converge over time. It's just depreciation is a multi-year type of expense, noncash. But -- so if this benefit continues -- so it doesn't kind of end in Q1 or 2013. This is going to continue for several years until those 2 lines kind of converge. But again, it is causing operating leverage to EPS.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Those we're like the Sleeper Cells of the world, those type of shows there. What's the other one, Dexter is not...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, the retrans question, look, I think is what we've said the 250. We broke down the math on investor day at 250, that equated to $0.50 per sub by just math. I think, obviously, we're seeing significantly higher than that, so that's just going to continue. So every negotiation is a little bit different, but the good news is, I think, we were conservative.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, but in retrans, remember, it's very small, Anthony. Because, again, it's only 50%. It's only the delta. So that plus 2% still rounds to a plus 2% with or without.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Marci, I'll start. The pacing again for Local Broadcasting, I think, TV is slightly ahead of Radio right now as we sit here. Like I said, it's a pace, so it changes kind of from week to week, but as a segment, clearly, as I said, is low-single digits. On Outdoor, again, I don't think it's a surprise that the Americas have clearly -- outpacing Europe. So that's how it's getting to -- again, also that low-single digits. And again, we always give our pacing on a constant dollar basis. So that's really the color.
