Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks. So Bryan, I'll try to give you a little insight on streaming subs. So, maybe just starting with Q4, as you saw, we added 4.1 million subs to Paramount+ in the quarter. I think it's fair to characterize that growth as being relatively balanced as between domestic subs and international subs. On the domestic side, I think the content slate performed really well despite, obviously, some strike impact. I think that speaks to the benefit of having a balanced sports and entertainment portfolio. So that worked well for us. We also saw some nice performance in the quarter from partnerships like what we do with Walmart and the bundle with Walmart+. And then on the international side, we launched a new hard bundle with JCom in Japan. So that obviously contributed to sub growth. In terms of what we're seeing this year, 2024 sub expectations, I do think sub growth in 2024 will be lower than 2023. Though importantly, I'd point out we do still expect very healthy Paramount+ revenue growth. And of course, revenue is the more important metric than subs. But just to give you a little color behind my comment on the sub trends themselves, there are a number of factors at play. First, you got the Super Bowl. We were very excited about the magnitude of starts that we saw from the Super Bowl. I think it's a little early to assess exactly what that means in terms of how many we retained. Obviously, you do have high churn on an event like that. But we're encouraged by what we've seen thus far. The content slate, because of the strike, as you heard Bob describe, is a little bit back half loaded and so that kind of affects the timing of subs coming on. And then international, which as you heard in our prepared remarks, we've made a number of changes. We talked about dialing back on local content and marketing. That has some impact on subs. We'll also likely be exiting some hard bundle relationships where, quite frankly, the economics just weren't that compelling. And that can probably represent a loss of a couple million subs, if you will. But in both of those cases, while it impacts subs, doesn't have a material impact on revenue or EBITDA. And so that's why, as I said, there's a little bit of noise in the sub trends, but feeling very good about the revenue growth trend on Paramount+. Oh, and sorry, you had a question on relative ARPU between international and domestic. As you know, we don't disclose specific numbers there, but I can tell you that domestic ARPU continues to be higher than what you see in international. The other thing to keep in mind is that international really has a number of different components to it. So there's territories in Western Europe, for example, where the ARPUs look a little more like they do in the United States. And one of the things that has contributed to overall ARPU growth, both in 2023 and will continue to do so in 2024, is the fact that we'll be seeing more growth in those call it, higher ARPU international markets than what we've seen in the early days of Paramount+.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Mike, I think for the most part, your thesis is correct on licensing. We do expect licensing to grow this year. As I flagged in the past, the quarter-to-quarter trends revenue recognition. But given that licensing was impacted by the strike last year, this should be, call it, a more normal year from a licensing perspective. Probably does mean it's a little bit back half loaded because it will take a little time to be able to produce and then deliver all of that content. But in general, we're looking forward to the year. I'd also note that our licensing revenue includes things like studio rentals, which were also impacted by the strikes. That's another place where we get a benefit in 2024 versus 2023.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So look, I think the short answer is that we believe there is continued opportunity to find efficiencies in the business. That's true both on the traditional linear side of the business and on the streaming side. On the streaming side, it's really more about how we grow even more efficiently. And on the linear side, it's really about how we preserve the margins in that business. And you've seen us take a variety of actions, not just the elements that we spoke about today, but over the past few years where we have combined organizations, we've taken out overhead, in some cases, we've leveraged programming across different platforms, and you'll see us continue to do more of all of that going forward. Content is still the single biggest cost item for us, and that's one of the reasons why, as I noted, we're focused on programming our linear nets as efficiently as we can while maintaining a strong volume of high-quality content. And on the streaming side, we're using what we've learned about viewership to really figure out where to place our bets and how to continue to drive engagement without having to significantly increase the amount of cash content spend that we're using for Paramount+. So this is something that we continue to be focused on, and you will see us unlock further efficiencies across the board going forward.
Naveen Chopra: Let me try to hit your question, Rob, on free cash flow, licensing, strikes, etcetera. And I'd start by just saying we are intending to deliver free cash flow growth in 2024. That's very important. And the biggest driver of that is significant improvement in OIBDA, and we've talked about the various contributors to that. Licensing is one of the contributors. As I said, I expect licensing revenue to grow in the year, and that benefits both OIBDA and cash flow. But I wouldn't say that it's sort of an inordinate impact relative to what it has been in prior years. I'd also note that our cash spend in '23 came in at about $16.5 billion. That was lower than the prior year as a result of the strikes. And our plan for '24 contemplates spending really only about 50% of, call it, the strike savings back. And, that's a critical ingredient in our ability to drive healthy growth in free cash flow in the year. So, that's something we're looking forward to executing against.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Let me try to hit all those. So first of all, in terms of our comments on Paramount+ profitability and in particular sort of the domestic trend, if you will, versus the linear, I'd say a few things. So first of all, most of the year-over-year improvement in the D2C P&L in 2024 will be driven by the domestic Paramount+ business. That is driven by benefits we talked about, sub growth, ARPU growth to a slightly lesser extent, content efficiencies. While domestic is the bigger contributor, I do also expect to see some pretty material improvement in profitability at Paramount+ International. The drivers there are a little bit different. That's going to be more about the evolving sub mix and what that does to ARPU. I kind of touched on that on the prior question. Along with the benefits that we get from the content and marketing efficiencies related to really leaning into the global content and dialing back on local. There are some significant dollars to be saved there, not just on the content side of it, but on the marketing side as well, because the local stuff typically requires a pretty healthy dose of marketing to get to, call it, sufficient levels of awareness. So I think the international business, we generally think of as being, call it, 12 to 18 months behind the domestic business. We obviously launched outside of the United States later than we did domestically. And we're continuing to optimize that business in the same way we are the domestic side to get it to profitability soon after. So that's the first part of your question, your second question on the $1 billion charge, you're correct that includes programming charges as well as restructuring charges. I think you'll see some of the details around that in the K, but you should assume there's about $200 million of restructuring charge in that number. And the programming piece does include charges related to the changes that we're making in International. And then with respect to your last question on the, call it, trend line of programming costs relative to ARPU, we weren't trying to be cute in the sort of the 20%. You should assume that the growth rate on, I'll say, cash programming for Paramount+ is going to be significantly lower than the growth rate we talked about on ARPU. The Amor piece will be also lower than ARPU, but we'll still see some, call it, slightly abnormal growth because of the unwind from the strike in 2023.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Steve. So on the Skinny Bundle side, since we brought the companies together, we've obviously been distributing a full package, CBS plus the cable networks, by the way, including streaming products, advanced ad sales, etcetera. We are in some of the Skinny Bundles, if you will, Charter Spectrum Essentials, Sling, etcetera, with a set of cable networks. That is from deals that were done a while ago, which we continue to roll forward. So, it is a piece of the market we participate in. And look, we've seen some nice growth, particularly at Charter, but that's that point. Second, in terms of domestic advertising, look, in terms of the current ad market, strikes and political were clearly a headwind in Q4 and thankfully we're through the strikes and that's behind us. As I indicated in my remarks, we are seeing signs of stabilization, notably healthy scatter premiums. Sports clearly remains a bright spot, NFL, Super Bowl, and I'm thrilled that we have the NCAA and UEFA and Masters as we get into this continue in 2024. And more broadly, we are seeing healthy growth in many categories, including consumer products, quick service restaurants and retail. I'd also say that that's all domestic. The international side was tough last year. We are seeing stabilization there as well, but currency does really remain a headwind. In terms of Pluto, that's really part of our broader digital business, digital ad sales there. I'd start by knowing we have strong trends in digital ad revenue. We were up 14% in the fourth quarter. And while it's true, there's more competition in the connected TV space, that's a $25 billion plus business, a lot of spend out there and we're certainly not standing still. We like our positioning. If you want to take it in pieces, look at content in the eyes of advertisers, content matters and our offering of Hollywood content plus sports, which by the way is true on Pluto 2, Pluto being more of a library service, Paramount+ being first run plus library service. But our content resonates and people like to be in those environments. IQ, which is how we sell our digital product, the combination of Paramount+ and Pluto and some other full episode video. It's one of the industry's largest high quality digital video platforms. So we have real scale to compete there, and that's a very good thing. And third, we're doing a lot of work as we evolve more and more into the performance space, advancing our data and measurement. We talked about a bit in the script, but working with retail media networks, attribution providers to really enhance the bottom of the funnel piece of our offering. We've already talked about what we're doing there with Walmart Connect, combining Walmart first party data with our premium inventory, seeing early benefit there. Beyond that, there are other attribution players in the pipeline that have real scale that includes retailers, credit card providers. So there's more to come there. And you'll really see this all come together in the next upfront. But we continue to be very excited about the digital space in general and positioning Paramount ad sales for success in what is and continues to be an expanding market.
Robert M. Bakish: And then Jessica, in terms of your last question, we don't really comment on individual deals, but I'd ask you to remember three things. First, our content offering is strong. It's really must have in the eyes of U.S. Pay TV consumers. Second, as you know, we have many levers to pull in these distribution deals to address client objectives, linear networks, advanced advertising, streaming products, both free and pay, etcetera. And as you know, objectives vary across companies, so it's important that you can get to, if you will, bespoke solutions. And third, it's allowed us to get all of our deals done. In fact, we've now lapped every client multiple times over my tenure as CEO. So it's a lot to work with there. In terms of a U.S. deal that potentially involves D2C, I'd say the following. It is along the lines of our international hard bundle deals. And as we just said, we like the benefits of that structure, benefits are increased reach, ad monetization opportunity, reduced churn, lower SAC, yes, trade-offs a lower wholesale rate, but net-net, the LTV can be compelling. And again, beyond D2C, there'll be lots of levers to pull in this discussion. And in terms of the carriage question, the reality is these deals represent a combination of factors, so that's not necessarily the way future deals will play out. Net-net, lot to work with, demonstrated ability to get things done, and we're always focused on getting to a win-win solution for a partner, and we'll get there.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes, sure, Robert. So, start with the fact that we continue to believe building a scaled streaming business is an attractive value creation path. If you think about it historically, networks of which streaming is the next or current iteration have had superior value characteristics relative to studios. They allow more control over monetization, particularly in success. They allow control over marketing and promotion, which importantly allows you to use one hit to build another, think the old concept of lead in. And you have direct connectivity with viewers and that's particularly true in streaming. And I'd remind you that Paramount+ our network really has sustained momentum. It's ahead of time in terms of the past profitability and it is poised for domestic profitability in 2025. That being said, we recognize the inherent value of our content and we know that others do too. And that is optionality we maintain, which we believe has real value because the market for high-quality content, feature films, signature series, kids franchises, which is really our wheelhouse in general and certainly with respect to Paramount+, that market remains strong and it just relate back to being at Mipcom in October, where countless clients that I met with and the whole team was there, were looking for great content and needing our partnership, if you will. So, there is a tremendous opportunity there. Again, we think using our content to drive asset value creation in the form of Paramount+ given the momentum we have, is the right Plan A, but we have optionality in that regard and we clearly have valuable product.
Robert M. Bakish: Yes. So in closing, we're really proud of what we accomplished in 2023. And as we look ahead to 2024 and beyond, we're focused on disciplined execution and in doing so, positioning the company to return to significant total company's earnings growth this year and Paramount+ domestic profitability next, generating more value for our shareholders. With that, thank you for joining us. Be well, and we'll talk to you soon.
