Bob Bakish: Operator? Operator, we heard a little bit of noise. Are you there? Guys, we're trying to resolve problem -- technical problem with the operator. So hopefully you can hear us the operator is working on it. Just hang with us. Thank you. [Technical Difficulty]..
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Brett, let me take the first part. So look, we continue to be extremely excited about the momentum and go-forward potential of our organic strategy, as we leverage the assets of ViacomCBS to create value overall. And certainly with respect to streaming. The Q2 metrics clearly point to this strength, and the ongoing potential of our organic approach. Now, the fact is the merger of Viacom and CBS was a transformative transaction, and we continue to successfully create value from it. We believe organic execution continues to be the right path for ViacomCBS and our shareholders. But of course, we will always evaluate any opportunities through a shareholder value creation lens.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure Alexia. So the film business is strategically important ViacomCBS, movies work well on multiple platforms including, of course, streaming, where early experience with Paramount Plus, and you heard some remarks on that already is strong. One of the things that we have today is more optionality with how we use films, we have more ways to use them than ever, which better leverages our investment. And you see that in us putting the product to use in a multifaceted way. Some product like a quiet place two with its 45-day window is a fast follow on Paramount Plus, we like that some product is Paramount Plus, exclusive, like what we did with Infinite and in a lower budget way, like what we'll do with the upcoming Paranormal Activity film. Some will be day-in-date with streaming and theatrical like the upcoming Paw Patrol movie. And it's really this mix of approaches that's intended to optimize the use of our product, including driving both subscribers and box office and provide learnings which we can use to continue to shape our future mix. Importantly, as we do all this, we do consider the impact on all constituents. As we look at individual titles. On your COVID question, look, we obviously track the market very carefully and the situation is a bit fluid. As a general principle, we do like the 45-day fast follow theatrical to PayOne. And that is the overall direction. We'd like to go over time. But we got to look at each title in this pandemic and figure out what is the right strategy at this point in time, and that resulting us delaying some titles moving forward to the traditional theatrical release, doing something exclusively on streaming or doing it day-to-day and again, there's obviously a lot of considerations on that. But we like films are strategically important. We see tremendous value and we have more levers to pull than ever.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Rich. So look, on the film side, I will say at this point in time, on a macro basis, we think the fast follow from theatrical the 45-day window 30 to 45-day window that we did our first implementation with a quiet place 2 is the sweet spot of the model because it provides a theatrical opportunity for consumers that lets us benefit from that market. And then it quickly moves the product to streaming, in this case, Paramount Plus, to drive subscribers there. And again, we only have one film we've done it with, and it hasn't gone through the life of the title yet, but we like what we're seeing. So I found a macro level, we like that. That said, to your point, we continue to be in COVID. That situation is a bit fluid. And so we are looking title-by-title. And it's part of the reason we looked at, we're doing a day-in-date with Paw Patrol, as we said, for that audience, i.e. families with young children. Right now in the middle of COVID or at least partially still in COVID. We wanted to provide both choices for consumers, because that's we think gets it to the largest potential consumer base, which is not only good for that movie, but also good for the for the consumer products business that wraps around it. And by the way, if you've been inside a Wal-Mart or Target or whatever, you'll see strong Paw Patrol, the movie marketing available in theaters, or Paramount Plus or an Paramount Plus, as part of that signage. So we really like that strategy for that title. And, we'll make decisions, title-by-title going forward as we continue to be in this COVID influenced market. Now, with respect to Nick and IP, let me start by saying big picture. We really are big believers in franchises and their associated value. They have broad consumer appeal and awareness. You can do all kinds of things with them creatively, they obviously have commercial potential, including extensibility, to things like consumer products, and they tend to play globally. So we like franchises. Nickelodeon is a great example of franchise and we're going to continue to optimize and drive that franchise machine. You've seen us do that a bit recently, this year, including with Paramount Plus, Paramount plus really launched with the SpongeBob franchise, taking the SpongeBob movie and then having the first episodic spin-out in Camp Coral. We're very pleased with that. In the quarter iCarly at the reboot of iCarly was a total home run that's obviously a live action franchise versus an animated franchise that appealed to a little bit older audience. But there's no question that worked. And in talking to Brian and working with him, Brian Robbins, who runs Nickelodeon, we've got a very significant franchise plan ahead of us. One example of that is we've now set up Avatar studios, that has tremendous potential as an umbrella franchise with all kinds of sub franchises inside of it, obviously, Paw Patrol the movie, which I referenced in the film side of it, that's another example of franchise growth. So there's a lot to do there. But I would also say Rich, it's not just about Nickelodeon. Look, what we're doing more broadly, including on Paramount Plus, whether that's Y:1883 which is the Yellowstone prequel. You know that by the way stars, Faith Hill and Tim McGraw. And that's going to premiere behind Yellowstone for two episodes on Paramount now before moving exclusively to Paramount Plus. We’re doing a bunch of stuff in unscripted. So the franchise play is broad, certainly Nickelodeon is the visible and powerful piece, but it goes much beyond that. And by the way, one thing I'm actually really excited about for next year on Paramount Plus is Halo. That's a big game franchise. We're doing a pretty wild live action episodic out of it. I've seen early pieces of it looks spectacular. So franchises are key. Yes, Nickelodeon to the core, but it's bigger than that.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Vijay. So let me start by saying we're extremely pleased with where we are from an affiliate perspective. And see this multi quarter track record that we've put on the boards of affiliate renewal after affiliate renewal as overwhelming evidence of the strength of ViacomCBS. ViacomCBS really is a cornerstone provider to the distribution community. And yes, that started way back when, with the provision of linear feeds, probably five or six years ago that expanded to include advanced advertising partnerships, which were mutually beneficial. And now it's incorporating streaming as a fundamental element. And so we are working with MVPDs to advance our streaming benefit for both of ours benefit. And we're doing that across free and pay. We're doing that across set-top box and broadband only. And the reason examples of that are Charter and Cox, were streaming with certainly additive and mutually beneficial. And then today's announcement Sky, same thing. So it really is a modernization of broadening and making these partnerships even stronger as we together transform the benefit and provide the business and for ViacomCBS really accelerate the growth of our streaming portfolio. So we're feeling great about it Vijay.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. So John, so on the ad side, and in particular, the role of digital, what we believe it's fundamental, we made that decision at Viacom legacy a number of years ago, among other things that drove us to do the Pluto acquisition, which by the way, has turned out to be a total home run, I would point out that when we acquired Pluto at the beginning of ‘19, it came-off a 2018 revenue base of $70 million. This in this third year of owning it, it'll do over a billion. That sounds like a very robust growth to me. So we're thrilled we have it. Pluto is part of what we call IQ, which is our overall digital video advertising portfolio. It is proven to be a great source of high quality impressions in high quality environments. In a world where there's, I mean, that's compelling on a standalone basis. But also in a world where there is linear supply constraints, it's really in combination, that it has turned out to be extremely powerful. Over time, the videos, the digital video side, will continue to increase as a percentage of our overall mix. As we package and in some cases transition advertisers from scarce high priced linear to more available high quality digital, but by the way, do it in a way where we're very careful in delivering the right mix of reach and frequency. And among other things, we went to a unified ad server in the last couple months, which really helps us with that. So very excited about where we are today with digital video advertising as a component of ViacomCBS, and believe it has long legs for growth going forward. On the Pluto side, let me just briefly say, again, the overall trajectory of Pluto is amazing. We have as I mentioned, continued to add quality, high quality content to Pluto in the last year, in the U.S., we've doubled the number of hours from 100,000 hours to 200,000 hours. A chunk of that is certainly ViacomCBS, but a bunch of that is third-party as well. And the third-parties are really seeing the power of the Pluto platform too because it is a very effective reach and importantly monetization because ultimately people are in it to make money monetization vehicle for them, which is why you see us continue to add to the product across a full range of joiners. So Pluto TV continues to be on an amazing trajectory, obviously expanding all around the world half of its number one fast service in the U.S. position, and that one too has a long positive growth road ahead of it.
Bob Bakish: Right, thank you. Look, we are privileged to be in a leadership position with Pluto. That's partially because we saw the opportunity early and then added first Viacom and now ViacomCBS assets and capabilities to it in the form of content, in the form of distribution, in the form of advertising sales. I don't think it's a winner take to all market. But clearly, having a leadership position is exceptionally valuable. And we are certainly focused on continuing to press the gas pedal there and building a leadership position worldwide. And I would point out that as you have this scale, it really is a flywheel of Talking Tom, Ryan, he'll talk about the Pluto flywheel. And what he means by that is, the scale is self reinforcing. Because as the platform gets bigger, as you have more MAUs, your monetization increases to the example of $70 million to a billion this year. That means that the people who have content on the platform make more money, which in turn means your platform is more attractive, which in turn means you get better content. So the good news is that the trajectory Pluto's on and again, we couldn't be happier.
Bob Bakish: So, look, thanks, everyone for joining. In closing, clearly, I think you can hear it. These are very exciting times at ViacomCBS. We have really strong operating momentum. We have amazing content. And we have a streaming strategy that is really delivering. You see that in our second quarter. And we're feeling great about the outlook for the year ahead. So thank you for your time and support. We look forward to delivering for all of you on the ViacomCBS growth opportunity. And finally, I'd like to thank all the ViacomCBS employees for all they do every day to drive the company forward. Stay well, everyone and we'll talk to you soon.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, and regarding the essential plan, we're very excited about being able to launch that this quarter, we think it expands the Paramount Plus proposition to an even greater set of different customers. And from our perspective, we're actually very happy for people to sign up for either our premium or essential tier, we want them in the plan, that's going to be the stickiest for them. Because in the long run, we know that we maximize lifetime value based on the expected life of our customers. It's also important to recognize that the ARPUs between each of those tiers are actually not as different as you might think, because of the advertising contribution from the essential tier. And those ARPUs actually, both the subscription and the combined advertising and subscription in the essential tier are growing both domestically and internationally. And we think that they have material future upside potential, both through evolution of pricing, and also significant upside in the ad monetization. So we'd like how essentials is progressing. And we think it's going to be very additive to our strategy.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, and going to the engagement question. As we mentioned on the call, so the metrics on that front for Paramount Plus are improving very nicely. And I think it's all content driven, as the diversity of content available on the service continues to evolve. And that's been driving, as I highlighted, improvements in conversion, improvements in hours per active improvements in monthly churn. And we continue to focus on optimizing all of those going forward, and it will be very much content driven. We think about our content. through three different dimensions, we think about what drives acquisition, what drives engagement, and what drives consumption, it is time spent watching. And different content performs differently, kids and family content, as an example is a big acquisition driver. And theatrical movies drive a lot of engagement and things with large libraries, well known titles, think something like a survivor can be a top consumption driver. So we're going to continue to press on all of those dimensions, you got to nail acquisition, engagement and consumption to have a healthy subscription business. And we think we're in a very strong position to be able to continue doing that. And the metrics from Q2 prove we're moving in the right direction.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hey, Ben. So I'll start with your question on ARPU, and then touch on free cash flow. So as you pointed out, subscription, ARPU in Q2 saw some very nice sequential improvement. And I point out that that improvement happened both with respect to domestic ARPU and international ARPU. And I think going forward, it's important to think about those two things somewhat independently. Because the drivers are a little different. Domestic ARPU will benefit from continued conversion of trial subs into pay subs. And it will also be influenced by the mix of subs between our essential and premium tiers. But as I said earlier, it's important to remember that the real ARPU coming out of our essential tier includes both subscription and advertising revenue. So in the long-term, we think that the essential tier can actually be accretive to overall ARPUs on Paramount Plus. On the international side. The next wave of countries that we're going to be launching which are primarily in Europe and Australia are higher ARPU markets then where we've been today, which has been primarily Latin America. So that should be accretive to ARPU. And in fact, the deal we announced with Sky today is a great example of that. Would that deal we will quickly add millions of subscribers in the U.K. when it launches. And those subs would be accretive to both our current international streaming ARPU and the ARPU that we generate on the linear affiliate side today. In terms of free cash flow, I'd say a couple things. Number one, as we said before, we are increasing streaming investment for content. You've heard me mentioned before that we expect that investment to more than double this year relative to 2020. Again, not all of it is incremental on a total company basis, because there's a lot of remixing between linear and streaming. And we've got content that does double duty. But we're also doing well in terms of being ahead of our plan on revenue and subs and continuing to find ways to drive operating leverage out of the business. So the result of all that, I think in terms of free cash flow, obviously, that will mean that there's some working capital needs going forward, both to scale that production on the streaming side. And also just generally, as we transition out of COVID. Some of the tailwinds that we've had from a cash flow perspective, in 2020, in the first half of this year, probably start to dissipate.
