Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Mike, happy to. Look, there's been a lot of conversation about this topic, Disney Charter, if you will. And if we end up going in this direction with some partners -- and by the way, it's not clear that all partners want to go this direction. But if we go this direction, we think it could be an accretive development. And I'll talk about the DTC side and the channel side. So first, in many respects, this is a domestic hard bundle idea. And we've seen clear benefits with international hard bundles, namely increased subs, no acquisition cost and lower churn. That is offset by a lower potential D2C unit revenue, given that in some shape or form, you'll be dealing with a wholesale structure. But still, when you net it all, we see the LTV as compelling. Also, I would point out importantly that we've seen these hard bundles actually catalyze DTC growth through channel stores and O&O, et cetera, which is obviously a positive. So there are puts and takes to this piece, but the aggregate value that we've seen is clearly positive. When you extend the question to the broader distributor economic relationship, obviously, that includes linear channels, if you will. Remember, all major deals include premium networks, advanced ad sales and data relationships, as well as marketing partnerships, plus in some cases, there are film and other types of content output deals. So there are a lot of levers here to pull as you get to what ends up being a bespoke solution. And again, I'd look to international. We've done this internationally, as discussed on prior earnings calls, the result was D2C was launched, revenue was remixed a bit, total revenue increased. And importantly, to your question, no linear channels were dropped. So in aggregate, that's clearly a positive outcome. And lastly, on a related point, I'd note that we've already done a number of P+ with Showtime deals with major operators in the U.S. where they get credentials for the Showtime linear subs, as an example. And we like those very much. So again, we think this is an interesting accretive -- potentially accretive development. We don't know if it applies broadly, but we're excited by it. And to you, Naveen.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. I'll take those. Look, on the -- weird echo. On the M&A side, two points. One is we continue to look to non-core asset dispositions, and we do that principally as a value unlock to reduce leverage. And that was clearly the case with Simon & Schuster and we continue to look at some additional opportunities, but I'm not going to comment on anything specific in that regard. I think second, on a big picture level, we've really honed the core asset composition of this company, and it is dare I say, strategic and logical. It's fundamentally long-form video-centric both with robust production and very large libraries and our clear synergies in terms of how we maximize revenue and drive operating efficiency across the business. So again, these pieces work together. That said, when it comes to M&A, we're always open-minded, and we look at opportunities -- potential opportunities through the lens of really how can we maximize shareholder value. In terms of the ad market and the digital ad market, in particular, as you know, digital growth was 18% in the quarter. Quite strong in the grand scheme of things. It is a meaningful business for us in terms of size. IQ, which is the fundamental trading umbrella for it. It's a multibillion dollar business. Product reaches over 100 million full episode viewers in the U.S. So, it's a very meaningful complement to linear. We're doing a number of things, which gets to your question, to continue to drive this going forward, and they really tied it to both the supply side and the demand side. On the supply side, we are focused on continuing to grow engagement. And as you point out, viewing hours grew 46% in the third quarter. We're also going to launch Paramount+ Essential on Amazon. That will be an additional inventory creation vehicle. And as we noted in our remarks, we're expanding internationally both in the context of Pluto TV and Paramount+ ad-supported peers, including what we're doing in the BVOD space in some of our broadcast markets. So, we'll unquestionably grow supply, then we go to the demand side, i.e., filling that supply with advertising business. Start with the undeniable appeal of premium content to advertisers and we do deliver it in a brand-safe, high-quality environment and we prosecute that and facilitate access to it through both direct and programmatic channels, making us easy to do business. We are also enhancing the quality of what we call signal, and that's increasing the amount of data associated with streaming consumption and that enables more precise campaigns for marketers. We believe that's important to monetizing the incremental inventory we're creating. And we'll also have a whole initiative targeting the SMB sector, small and medium-sized business. That's bringing new advertisers into our digital video ecosystem and also giving them improved self-service tools, that's been growing plus. We see a lot of potential there. And we're actually adding some incremental expertise to the sales force to prosecute it. So, we're doing a bunch of things to ensure that we're continuing to create supply, maintain our scale position in this market and then drive the monetization by increasing further the appeal of that to our clients and their respective agencies. And I'm quite confident that, that combination will serve us well in the marketplace in 2024 and beyond.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So, a couple of points. One, as you know, sports is integral to our strategy, but it's not a stand-alone business. It's a slice of the wheel, so to speak, both for our CBS network and for streaming. Second, as you point out, the NFL in that is clearly a Juggernaut and I can give you chapter and verse on how it's driving our business, but you already know that, so I'll skip that. But it's not the only sport that matters. One of the great things about Paramount is our collection of sports is truly A caliber. And so if you look at other element, it's college football, like now the Big 10, which is going to be the best college football league in the U.S., the NCAA and golf, like the Masters, I mean, the fact of the matter is -- and I know this because Ray Hopkins, who runs Distribution regularly brings clients to them. Those events matter from a distribution standpoint to, AKA retrans and reverse comp. It's not strictly the NFL. And clearly, to your point, they're also valuable in the ad business. The third point I'd make is, for us, remember, sports is a piece of the wheel. And we're actually in excellent place where we don't really -- we don't need nor are we active in looking at any more sports. Instead, what we're focused on is kind of the conjoint use piece, getting people who come in for sports to consume other products, be that on linear or on streaming and because, again, we're in a great place. We have the volume of A caliber sports that we need, and we've got stability too. Our deals are locked in the U.S., the vast majority of them and the ones that matter, through 2030 and beyond. So, with respect to these other sort of auctions in the marketplace, we'll watch them. But again, we're in a very fortunate place that we got what we need and they're working really great for us.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And Brett, it's Bob. Just for the avoidance of doubt, I mean, when we launch Paramount+. We were a bit of an outlier. We launched it with an ad-supported version and a premium version. And other people have since followed us. So -- and we're super happy with how the ad-supported version, we call it Essentials works. But there's not really an incremental thing to do there because we basically have the product lineup in the space.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And look, everyone, in closing, we're really proud of our progress in the quarter, particularly given the dynamic environment we're operating in. As you can see, we continue to execute on our strategy prioritizing prudent investment in streaming and continuing to maximize the earnings from our traditional business, know that we remain confident in our plan to achieve significant total company earnings growth in 2024, and we're laser-focused on delivering value for our shareholders. And with that, thank you for joining us. Be well, and we'll talk to you soon.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Mike, with respect to earnings in 2024, I'd note a few things. I mean, first, we remain very focused on delivering consolidated earnings growth next year. In terms of the composition of that, the TV media side of the business, we assume we'll continue to benefit from cost reductions. Obviously, get some tailwind on the advertising side from the Super Bowl and political, all of which help offset continued evolution in the linear ecosystem. I would say that we -- with respect to the advertising market specifically, we do expect it to improve in 2024. Obviously, the exact magnitude of that would be a little too early to call but we have a number of levers that we can pull to adjust our plan depending on what we see in the advertising market to ensure that we're achieving our desired level of earnings. On the B2C side of the business, we continue to expect significant improvement in the D2C P&L. That is a combination of both top-line growth and improved operating leverage. I've talked about some of the drivers there in the past, includes things like growth in subs, continued improvement in engagement and ARPU both on the subscription and advertising side. It improves -- it involves continued improvement in churn as well as lower growth in content, marketing and operational expenses. So those are the drivers. It's, I think, too early to put specific numbers around that, given some of the uncertainty, both in the advertising marketplace as well as timing of content availability, but doesn't change the fact that there are a number of levers that contribute to year-over-year earnings growth.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, Ben, with respect to your comment on long-term content spending, I won't answer it in the context of 2024 specifically because, as you know, 2023 and 2024 are going to be materially impacted by the effect of the strikes. And I think what you're actually more interested in is what is the sort of more organic long-term trend. And to that, I would say that we've got a long-term baseline in which cash content spend grows at low-single-digits. However, as I noted last quarter, our long-term content strategy is not about solving for some specific volume of content. It's about having the right content for the right audience at the right time. And we are laser-focused on continuing to find ways to further improve the efficiency of our content spend in both linear and streaming, and there's a variety of things that we're doing to accomplish that. It includes things like finding new ways to leverage content across both our streaming and linear platforms across geographies. You've seen us do a lot of that over the course of the last couple of quarters. It includes leading into franchises, which are fundamentally more efficient from the perspective of building awareness, driving engagement and such and it includes leveraging partners for local content, particularly in smaller international markets, as you heard Bob mention earlier. And now we've got a whole lot of data that we're able to use to better understand how to super serve these key audience segments in the most efficient way possible. So when you put all those initiatives together, from my perspective, it means there's an opportunity to improve the long-term growth rate of cash content spend relative to that low single-digit baseline.
Naveen Chopra: And Bob, if I could just add one thing to clarify. Jessica, with respect to the numbers you mentioned. Just keep in mind that the engagement growth that you saw there at 46%. That includes a significant amount of engagement growth in the premium ad-free tier of Paramount+. So you should not expect that to necessarily be a proxy for advertising growth.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So maybe in reverse order, Brett, in terms of the impact of the pay-per-view events in the quarter. I think if you were to adjust for those, what you'd see is the linear affiliate revenue trend would look pretty similar to sort of the trends you've seen in the last couple of quarters where you've got some ecosystem decline being partially offset by rate increases. So, really no change the trend there. With respect to a premium ad-supported tier, that's really not something that has been a major priority for us. We like the configuration that we have right now as between an ad-supported tier at six spots and then Paramount+ with Showtime at $12. I think, if anything, one of the places where you are seeing some traction in the market is even higher-priced tiers, which we're going to continue to assess because those could be quite incremental from an ARPU perspective. So -- but we're really not focused on a more expensive ad-supported tier.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Phil. There's several questions in there. I'll try to tackle those. So first of all, in terms of the ARPU trajectory, we do expect that to continue to benefit Q4, as you heard in my comments. That really just has to do with the timing of when various subs convert to new pricing. Moreover, we see a very compelling pricing opportunity longer term, which is to say this won't be the last price increase that we do. We think there is a continued opportunity for pricing to play a role in growing both revenue and earnings in our streaming business. I'd note a few things related to that. One, relative to competitors, Paramount+ is still positioned at a very compelling price point, and that's true both on our ad-supported tier and our ad-free tiers. Also, the price increase that we did in June has actually performed better than we expected. And what I mean by that is that the impact to churn and starts has not been as large as we forecast such that on a net basis. The price increase is actually more accretive to earnings than we originally anticipated. So that gives us some confidence. And Paramount+ is all about Cornerstone, high-value content. I mean, historically, Consumers have paid significantly more than $6 or $12 a month to watch live NFL games, live Big Ten football, big Hollywood movies, not to mention this incredible universe of very high-quality entertainment franchises, both for kids and adults. So there's no question that, that continues to be a very strong value proposition and the data we've seen coming out of our first price increase suggests that, that value proposition and the stickiness of the content does give us additional room for growing price over time. In terms of the -- your question on the path to streaming profitability, I just very briefly reiterate some of the things I mentioned earlier. We do anticipate significant improvement in the D2C P&L next year. There's both top line as well as cost elements to that, subs, ARPU, engagement, churn reduction, content efficiency, et cetera. So I think you're familiar with the drivers there, and that is something that we expect to be material in 2024. And then I think the last part of your question related to free cash flow trends relative to EBITDA. And I think the short answer, as you sort of hinted at in the short term, that trend is, I'll say, a little bit noisy just because of the impact of the strike. But longer-term, we expect to see healthy free cash flow growth. I mentioned that in -- when we look at this on a two-year basis, we feel very good about free cash flow being higher than we had previously expected. And that's really a function of the fact that we're going to deliver consolidated OIBDA growth next year. That obviously contributes to free cash flow. And importantly, only a portion of the cash benefit that we are capturing in 2023 from the strike, is going to be spent back in 2024. So that's also helpful from a free cash flow perspective.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Just briefly on your question regarding the $700 million synergies related to the Showtime, P+ integration. Short answer, we're not done capturing the benefits of that. Those synergies are important ingredient in the earnings improvement that we expect to deliver next year in the D2C segment. And in fact, -- as I think I've said recently, I believe we will exceed the $700 million in future expense savings.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Just on the second part of your question around password sharing. Right now, we don't see that as a major headwind to our growth efforts. Obviously, something that we will continue to monitor. And the good news is, I think there's a template for how we could address that in a value accretive way. But right now, we've got really powerful growth drivers, as you heard Bob describe.
