Joseph Ianniello: Well, Jessica, it's Joe. I think, again, the cost, I mean, because of original programming, there's a little bit of the timing of when shows premier and when they're expensive and when we have the promo. So but I think, when you look at the margin, we're comfortable on the 40% margin prospectively.
Joseph Ianniello: And Jessica, we don't obviously break out the profitability on each particular show. All I would tell you, it's not significant to the overall margin expansion, but it was obviously very helpful to continue to have product that, again, the first, second and third cycle continue to sell very well.
Joseph Ianniello: Sure. Laura, on the cash balance, yes. I think obviously, it's $1.35 billion, and look, we'll continue to focus on returning capital to shareholders. I think we're on track for 2011 share repurchases of $1 billion plus, plus you add to the dividend of that of a couple of $100 million, so you could see where we're returning our value to our shareholders. So we'll continue to do that. Obviously, opportunistically, we'll relook at the pension funding, and look and make another contribution if the environment is right. So this is obviously giving us a lot of tremendous flexibility, but our primary use, like I said in my remarks, will be to return it to shareholders.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, Ben, it's Joe. I'll start. For political, I think, last year we said to arrive $200 million of political dollars for the segment, and I think we also said directionally about 50% of that comes in the fourth quarter. So hopefully, that's helpful for you.
Joseph Ianniello: It was down significantly, Michael. It's a big category now. All of the, kind of, countries were actually up, it wasn't just domestic, but domestic led the way. I mean, the key for us is the demand is there. And I think everyone is focused that the temporary productions are behind them, and they'll be at full speed by the end of this year. So we're seeing orders come back in, so again, but it is a -- auto was the #1 category, as you know, in Local Broadcasting, and Japan is a significant piece of that.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, it's Joe, Anthony. So yes, Les and I are both involved in all of those negotiations, just to answer your question. I'll just let you know that, again, every deal is different. So just understand, we have an expectation of what fair market value is for our content. So if a deal is on a per-subscriber basis and somebody has the very few subscribers, that it clearly doesn't make sense. But you should assume that we anticipate to grow with these companies as they build their businesses, so we have to get our value one way or another. So you will see that, and we'll have a lot of flexibility built into those deals. So the answer is, the negotiations will evolve as the business evolves.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, sure. Okay, Michael. Look our national advertising, obviously, in this time of the year, we're in repeats. So you got to have comparable issues, but the pricing clearly is still there. There's not a whole lot of inventory available to drive the absolute dollars. So again, we're really focused on the new upfront season starting, which doesn't kick off 'til the end of September. So you're really going to see the biggest impact of that in the fourth quarter, not the third quarter.
Joseph Ianniello: Oh, apples-to-apples. I think, again, it's in the mid-single-digit range. Just when you kind of strip out everything and try to put it on a level playing field. Partly do that, David, but that's directional.
Joseph Ianniello: And Marci, on your last part with Outdoor, both Europe and Americas are in that same range, so really no difference. And for us, Europe is really led by U.K. and France. Those are our larger countries that really move the needle. So I think, again overall, we're comfortable with that mid-single-digit range.
Leslie Moonves: Jessica, I'll answer the last question first, then I'll let Joe do it. Advertisers can back away a few weeks before, but we have seen absolutely none of that. As a matter of fact, with football coming back and the fall season coming ahead, we are seeing increased demand for our shows. And locally, as Joe mentioned, our pacing is fine. Japanese automakers are coming back. So we are not at all afraid, and frankly, we're looking forward to the fall.
Leslie Moonves: Ben, as we look forward, we said 2012 in terms of retrans, we'll have our -- we are shooting for a goal of $250 million, and we feel very confident we will hit that, and that does not include any of the fees that we're going to get from our affiliates. So over the next 3 to 5 years, we think combined those numbers can be in the $600 million to $700 million range for those. And so that's something once again that drops right to the bottom line, and then it's going to be growing every single year from now. Knowing that we have a 10-year Comcast deal in place and a 5-year Time Warner deal in place, we sort of know we're sort of guaranteed those revenues coming in. And how we look at our library and our content, once again, we continue to replenish our library. Yes, we have a lot of old stuff and part of this -- part of the Netflix and Amazon deal go back to original episodes of Star Trek and I Love Lucy, but they also include a show like Medium, which just went off the air this past year. What we've been able to do successfully is continue to replenish our library. We have 3 CSIs that are now on the air that aren't part of these Netflix deals or the Amazon deals. One day, they will come off the air, and we will get a lot of money for those in those platforms. So the idea is our production companies, both at CBS as well as original production at Showtime, are going to continue to produce numerous revenue streams, and our library is astronomical. There's plenty and plenty of series going back. Remember, our library is comprised of the old Paramount library, the old Aaron Spelling library, the old CBS library and the old Teen World library. So we have a ton of content, and each one of these packages can just grow. Now in Netflix, that 7% does include a lot of our prime library stuff like Cheers and Frasier, but we have plenty more, and there'll be plenty more coming in.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, right now, once again 3 years ago, the scatter wasn't as high as it was nor was the upfront demand as high as it was. So we're not seeing anything like that like we felt 3 years ago. Obviously, its been a rough couple of days, but we haven't seen anything that reflects that the same tone as then, which was much more of doom and gloom, and we are not feeling that or seeing any of that. Once again, the recent NFL deal is a big shot in the arm to us and to our advertisers. As a matter of fact, once that deal got signed a week ago, they were streaming in. So that was fairly significant. As Joe pointed out, auto has been very strong, and we expect Japan to increase on that, so we are not feeling any of that sort of sentiment as we felt 3 years ago.
Leslie Moonves: And Anthony, just to amplify on that a bit, the Netflix and the Amazons in the world are relatively new in terms of video content. So it's important that Amazon pay us upfront for that and give us a fixed amount for this content, and they will grow their business accordingly. But we'd rather take the money at this point. We think that's a much better business model, and let them grow their subs and go from there.
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, Anthony. You know what, it is not on our must-do list. We are bringing in so much money when we talk about our content food chain, starting with network advertising going into what we're selling in syndication then going into these new platforms. The need for a basic cable network to put our content on no longer becomes very important to us. So we're fine without it.
Leslie Moonves: John, our ratings are always soft in June. We don't have original programming. It's all repeats. Until after July 4, we get Big Brother on the air. And it's always soft this time of the year, and it doesn't really matter because so little of the revenue comparably is involved then. And then frankly, our ratings, we've won the last 4 weeks in ratings. Once July began, we are back in the ballgame. DVR penetration, and it's been a subject for a number of years when it first came out. Once again, it was, could be the killer of primetime. It's actually increased primetime viewing. We've used this statistic many times before. Even our most loyal fan or any loyal fan of any television show, be it CSI or Modern Family only watches 2 out of 4 on the air, and they catch up with the other 2. And if they watch it in the first 72 hours, we get credit for it. So DVR for people who make hit programming is a plus, and we found it that way.
Leslie Moonves: And frankly, about end-season risk, we sold around 80% because the rates were so high at the upfront. And as I said, with all this football money coming in right now, we're a very low risk. And frankly in addition, with only 5 new shows and they're very well located, knowing what we know about our schedule, you could bet the house that our ratings are going to be there and that our advertising revenue will be there.
Leslie Moonves: By the way, we don't, we never sell floor below. We never undersell our stuff, so it's always utilized. The ratings were phenomenal in football. We see no reason to think that we won't do equally as well, if not better. And frankly, because of those phenomenal ratings, we were able to sell it at a much higher price right now. And there's such a scarcity that, in the inventory, it's a terrific thing.
Leslie Moonves: I'm not concerned. I think X Factor is going to be a big hit, but the good thing about CBS is we were sort of idol-proof. Idol is still a monster. Idol's still a killer. I wish I had it. I hate that it's on Fox. And X Factor, I think, will be equally wonderful, but you know what? Our shows, we are much more sold in the scripted area. We're very -- we're the most competitive towards it. So I think it'll do very well, but it won't hurt us.
Leslie Moonves: We haven't sold anything after the upfront. We're confident with our fall schedule so much that -- I mean, Jo Ann Ross and her terrific team did such a good job. And some guys who we negotiated and tried to get like a high single-digit rate, and she said, "Sorry, we're not going to sell it," came back after the fact, then she said, "Sorry, guys, too late. Too late, you want to come in at scatter time." And we're betting once again that scatter is going to be better than the upfront, and we're betting that our schedule's going to be better than our competitors'.
Leslie Moonves: No, no we're not. Once again, we have -- you have to remember that there's much more stability in our schedule than our competitors'. Fox is fairly stable. The other guys have a lot of new shows, a lot of shows that have moved around. They don't know what they're going to do. Some of them are very good shows. We have stability. I'm very confident in how we're going to do in the fall.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, David. Look, it was a terrific market for all the networks. Even some of the other networks were doing high-singles after coming in fourth place. So they -- once you get scatter into the 35%, 40% range, it's really a great market for us. And everybody was there because, as I said in a previous earnings call, somebody who bought in May and -- or somebody who didn't buy in May, and then the following October, they had to pay 30% more for the same spot that they either got beaten up by their client or their advertising agent or their boss, and they came in. So we sort of set a number. We set the number fairly early that we wouldn't accept any lower then, and that was in the mid-teens area. And no matter what anybody else did, we stuck to our guns. We got what we wanted. We could've sold out 100% frankly at that amount. As I said, we kept it to 80%. So we were very pleased with how the upfront turned out.
Leslie Moonves: Well, they could do it. They could do it now, but they're not, and there are people who are buying scatter who would love to have those slots. So it's not a factor.
Leslie Moonves: Marcy, I'll do the first question, and I'll let Joe at the second. We have seen no consolidation in terms of that to offset us. Frankly, we've had very productive conversations with our affiliates. We haven't seen them banding together to come against the networks. We've made a number of these affiliate deals for reverse comp without pulling down any signals anywhere. Some of them are tough negotiations, but we haven't seen guys band together or even acquire. There hasn't been a whole lot of station acquisitions. And we're in the process of getting some of our larger station groups done at very good rates, and everybody's happy.
