Anthony DiClemente: Good afternoon. My name is Anthony DiClemente, Head of Investor Relations. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Investor Event and Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Presentation. Before we begin, please note that in addition to our earnings release, we have trending schedules containing supplemental information available on our website. We would like to remind you that certain statements made in today’s presentation are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today’s financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contains supplemental information and in each case can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that being said, I would like to thank you for taking the time to join us this afternoon. And now sit back, relax and enjoy the show. [Video Presentation]
Anthony DiClemente: Yeah. The Q4 sub growth was skewed domestic to be clear. Thanks, Mike. We’ll take our next question from Bryan Kraft from Deutsche Bank. Bryan, go ahead with your question.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thank you, Bryan. We’ll take our next question from Brett Feldman at Goldman Sachs. Brett, go ahead with your question.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, Brett. We’ll take our next question from Ben Swinburne at Morgan Stanley. Ben, go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, John. We’ll take our next question from Jason Bazinet at Citi. Jason, go ahead with your question.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot, Jason. We will take our last question from Steve Cahall at Wells Fargo. Steve, go ahead.
Bob Bakish: As you can see, across every genre lane, Paramount is reaching new heights with our powerful content engine. And that engine in turn, is creating a compelling value creation opportunity for the company. Here to share more details on that, please welcome our Chief Financial Officer, Naveen Chopra.
Bob Bakish: Mike, the only thing I want to add is that $100 million number does not include subscribers we expect from SkyShowtime, that’s an unconsolidated joint venture and we obviously expect that to be in the many millions of subs.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. With respect to your question on franchises, we are absolutely increasing our focuses on franchises with respect to our content investments. I think if you look at the company, historically, probably, most of that franchise work was done at Nickelodeon and you saw us look to move quickly and benefit from that in the launch of Paramount+ with the SpongeBob movie and the first SpongeBob spinoff series Kamp Koral. Since that time, what you see is a broad -- including today, what you see is a broader commitment to franchises, including strategies, which span theatrical to series. You heard that today with respect to Sonic, you see that with respect to Yellowstone spawning 1883 and, we have a whole range of these in place. So it’s really a philosophical change that connects with a one company mentality that crosses platforms and feeds streaming, that is the step function change and are embracing franchises.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Ben. So, look, if you look at the history of the company, you see that we’ve long been a believer in ubiquitous distribution and executed in that way. And so as we look at the D2C space, we believe ubiquitous distribution is a powerful lever to pull to drive access to largest potential TAM. Now, in doing so we believe you need to combine -- a strategy that’s really multifaceted and this is where you see us pursuing hard bundles, channel stores and pure D2C. And each of the strategies have different characteristics, but in totality, they’re very powerful. So on the hard bundle side, notably exemplified by Sky and by the Canal+ deal, we announced today, there’s an opportunity to get very quick sub base at a very low subscriber acquisition cost, with minimal churn going forward. So we like that a lot as we begin to build scale. You look at the channel store side that provides access to a flow of traffic, you’re paying a little bit higher cost of sales, but again, a nice chunk of users and then you get D2C, which gives you the highest ARPU and gives you access to the full marketplace. We think that put together creates the highest growth sub base with the most stability over time, and again, allows us to work with partners of different shapes and sizes, in building our streaming business. You see us doing that, by the way in the United States too, whether that’s working with an MVPD, where we’ve broadened our relationship to include not just linear channels, not just advanced ad sales, but also streaming apps, including free and pay, you see us doing that with -- now with mobile carriers, like a T-Mobile, where we launched Paramount+ late in 2021 and we’re looking forward to marketing kicking in at the end of the first quarter that really begin to drive that source of subscribers and then later billing integration in the middle of the second quarter or so. We think these powerful -- these partnerships are very powerful and we’re committed to leveraging them as we pursue this ubiquitous distribution and penetrate the largest addressable market. So hope that helps.
Bob Bakish: Well, I could -- I discussed them, look the MVPDs, if you look at that, just broadly speaking, since we put this company together, we’ve consistently gotten deals done. Most recently with Comcast, again, those deals are now very contemporary in that they combine linear feeds, vast ad sales and apps, a very strong partnership, we’re clearly a cornerstone content provider and we look forward to doing growing business in that space, particularly as they go after broadband and leveraging their broadband accounts into video. Again, we’re a natural partner of theirs.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Sure, John. So look on the content licensing side. As you know, we’ve made a strategic pivot at ViacomCBS now Paramount to pointing our content engines at our streaming platform, notably Paramount+. We’ve already seen early benefit from that in terms of the fourth quarter and we believe that is fundamentally the right thing to do as we look to create asset value and there’s clear examples of asset value creation in the streaming space where you’re successful, and again, we intend to be successful. So we’re doing that. In parallel to that, we are continuing to fulfill deals we put in place, pre-Paramount+, so those are like season N+1 of a particular show, maybe Jack Ryan as an example. We have contracts in place and we’re going to continue to do that. We also continue to do some selective non-exclusive licensing, which we found to be an effective franchise development tool, as we continue to build new versions of product again for Paramount+. So you should expect us to do that over time. Again, we think it’s strategically right and we think we also have some incremental financial benefit from that. In terms of your question on international sports rights. Look, it’s early days, but we’ve seen real benefit of sports as part of Paramount+ in the United States. The NFL, as you saw in one of the charts, was the number one source of subscriber additions for the product in 2021 and we have found that we can cross consumer, bring them in on sports and get them to consume entertainment product, sports fans, as an example, in the fourth quarter were also big consumers of shows like SEAL Team and Mayor of Kingstown and 1883, and that’s key to our overall plan and economics and ROI. So we’re looking at selectively at adding sports product internationally, we’ve done some of that in Latin America, we’ve done some of that in Australia. The IPL thing in India is really Viacom18, which is our joint venture over there. So, again, we think sports is additive and certainly a differentiator for us. You need to be disciplined in terms of how much you pay and we need to be effective in terms of extracting the value, including through co-usage of other product. But sports is definitely part of our streaming playbook. And by the way, we have a lot of benefit from our CBS Sports heritage as we pursue that opportunity.
Bob Bakish: I also just want to add one other point, because something you said is not reflective of what we see in streaming. You said that only new content matters in terms of streaming consumption. That’s actually categorically not true. It is true that new originals are key to subscriber acquisition. But what is tremendously valuable in streaming is library and specifically series that are deep in number of seasons. So you look at the NCIS, the FBIs, the SEAL Teams, the SpongeBob, et cetera. Those are tremendously valuable for in some cases bringing people in, but for the most part in terms of engagement, and engagement, is what you use to manage churn. So with respect to the value of content, it’s not all about exclusive originals. These libraries are highly valuable and when you look at Paramount, which is what we call the company now, we have very deep, very high quality libraries at from the original Paramount Studio, from CBS, from Showtime, from the cable networks, and those are tremendously valuable for streaming, both for Paramount+ and for Pluto TV. So don’t lose sight of that value, because it is very material and it’s key to our long-term streaming economics as well.
Bob Bakish: Great. Thanks, Naveen, and thank all of you for your time, for your questions today. It’s an important dialogue and it’s really an exciting time for the company we now call Paramount. Look, this is a time characterized by great momentum and it’s a time reflective of tremendous go-forward opportunity. So, again, we appreciate you joining us, we appreciate your continued support and wish everyone well. We’ll talk to you soon.
Naveen Chopra: Sure. Hi, Mike. It’s Naveen. I’ll take that question. In terms of how we see our D2C business growing to $100 million, we do think there’s going to be some relatively steady growth over the next few years. If I were to break that down a little bit more, I’d say a couple of things. Number one, in 2022, as I mentioned on the call, we do expect that we will exceed our prior guidance for 2024 subs, and in saying that, we mean exceed the high-end of that guidance. So that gives you some sense of what we expect to see in 2022 and we expect a healthy rate of growth to continue in 2023 and 2024. In terms of the geographic composition of subs, we obviously have global ambitions, which means that, we expect both domestic subs and international subs to be important contributors to achieving that $100 million sub goal. If you think about our D2C subscriber base today, it does skew domestic, but as we progress and as we launch Paramount+ in more markets, the portion of overall subs that is made up from International will continue to grow. If I look forward to 2024, I would expect that domestic will still be the larger portion of our base. But you will see quarters over the next year where the skew of new subscriber additions may be either domestic or more international. Q4, as an example, where we saw tremendous growth was heavily driven out of the United States. But there will be quarters next year where we launch in new markets or we launch new partners where more of that growth will skew international. But in the long run, both domestic and international are going to be important, because at the end of the day, we’re building a global B2C business.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Hey, Brett, let me try to give you some additional color on that. And I think, the essence of the question you’re asking is really what happens to total company content spend in combination with the incremental investment we’re obviously making in D2C and the answer to that is the following. While we’re investing aggressively in the D2C growth, we are also carefully managing spend in the traditional side of the business and that applies to both content investments, as well as looking at other opportunities to unlock operational efficiency. You’ve actually seen us do that quite extensively over the last couple of years, whether that’s doing things like combining networks or looking for ways to find other efficiencies in operating expense. We think we’ve been quite innovative in being able to do that. And you’ll see us continue to pull those levers going forward. You’ll also see us lean even more aggressively into leveraging global production, which has significant benefits in terms of helping us create cost, excuse me, create content much more efficiently. Take as an example, some of the things that Chris McCarthy mentioned that he’s dealing with shows like the challenge by leveraging global production capabilities. So that formula is going to be a critical part of what allows us to run the business with total company content spend that is growing at a much, much lower rate than what you’ll see on the D2C side and it’s also a critical part of the equation to returning the company to earnings growth in 2024 and beyond.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So with respect to local content, global content, we are strong believers in the importance of local content. I’d point out this is not a new concept for us, we’ve been operating in geographies around the world for most of our history, as Bob pointed out, and we see tremendous opportunities to leverage a lot of the local content that already exists, as well as combining that with global content from the U.S. that travels well. We’ve had many examples of that, whether it’s a Yellowstone or a Dexter. We also utilize global formats. You heard about that in Chris’ presentation as well. And we’re also now increasingly taking content that’s produced in international markets and bringing it back to the United States. So, there’s many opportunities to take advantage of our global footprint and that is all part of how we have thought about our content expense over time. So when we talk about the $6 billion of D2C content investment in 2024, that assumes a mix of both global content and locally produced content.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. So, Rich, the answer to your question, first on margins is, really an extension of what Bob described, which is that, we are executing a fundamentally different playbook when it comes to building our D2C business. And in fact, a lot of the things that we’re doing actually replicate some of the economic benefits that you see in the traditional universe, specifically, with regard to some of the things that you mentioned. So whether it is the ability to leverage content across multiple platforms, whether it’s the ability to use bundles and other partnerships to acquire subs efficiently and ensure that they don’t churn the way that they might in a pure-play D2C business, whether it’s the ability to use our built-in promotional platform or our global production capabilities, we’re talking about a very different version of streaming economics than what you would see in a pure-play streaming business and that’s why we think about the long-term margin potential very differently. With respect to your question on free cash flow, I point out a couple things. Number one, as I said, we do think the free cash flow impact of the investments that we’re making is more moderate than what you’ll see on the P&L. Moreover, we have a very strong balance sheet as we move into greater investment mode in D2C over the next few years. Remember, we finished the year with $6.8 billion, excuse me, $6.3 billion of cash on the balance sheet, more than enough firepower to make the investments that we envision in streaming. We have no near-term maturities and we continue to maintain significant amount of revolver capacity. So we like our financial position. We’re very well equipped to invest to capture the growth on D2C and to continue to fulfill all of our financial priorities, which as I’ve articulated before, include investing in organic growth through streaming. It includes funding our dividend and it includes deleveraging our balance sheet. I think you’ll actually see us doing all three of those things in 2022.
Naveen Chopra: Hey, Jason. I’ll take a shot at that. First, just in terms of understanding the methodology on allocation. First, very big picture, as I said in the prepared remarks, our general approach to cost allocation is based on the relative value of windows that any given service has rights to exploit. So that addresses sort of how we allocate cost between for instance, theatrical and streaming, if a movie starts in the theater and then, ultimately, ends up on Paramount+. In terms of the allocation within streaming, we actually don’t entirely allocate based on the methodology you describe, there is a recognition of the fact that content tends to have significantly more value in its early days on a streaming service, a lot of the MOU is accelerated and then spread over time. It is one of the reasons why as we continue to build our library and assemble more and more content on Paramount+, we believe there is an opportunity for leverage in the model. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, so one of the things that takes us through that inflection point of peak losses in D2C in 2023 is the fact that we’re then at a point in time, where we’re actually starting to see things roll off from an amortization perspective, as opposed to in the first few years, everything’s coming in, nothing’s coming out. So you really start to see the operating leverage improving the business at that point in time.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. Let me jump in on ARPU. We continue to be very encouraged by what we’ve seen from an ARPU perspective, particularly in the domestic market. You saw on the prepared remarks, the $9 paid ARPU that we experienced in Q4. We see continued upside in domestic ARPU, both short-term and long-term. Short term, there are really two key factors, we expect that there’ll be a benefit from the continued conversion of promotional and trial subscribers to fully paid subs. We continue to see very healthy trial-to-pay conversion rates. So we actually see that as a compelling opportunity for the service both from an ARPU and an overall revenue perspective. We also expect to see continued improvement in the monetization of advertising on the essential tier of Paramount+. The essential tier is a significant portion of our subscriber base, both actually essential and premium, sort of balanced composition. But we have seen improvements in the ad ARPU, that’s generated on the essentials tier as engagement continues to grow with the service and we expect that will continue as we add more and more content to Paramount+. And then longer term, we also see ARPU upside coming out of the ability to adjust price, as the content selection on the service continues to grow and as use of Paramount+ becomes even more habitual. And I think we’ll probably get some tailwind in that regard from the category in general, where you’re seeing pricing continue to move upward. So there will likely be opportunities for us to adjust price and still maintain our value proposition relative to others. So we’re very bullish about where ARPU can grow and it is, as I pointed out, definitely one of the key ingredients to how we grow the business from a little over $3 billion of D2C revenue today to $9 billion plus in 2024. It’s not just about adding subscribers. It’s about adding subscribers and growing ARPU. So we really like that equation and the growth that it can create.
