Joseph Ianniello: We don't break out that answer. Packages sold across Sports, Entertainment, News, Products. So we don't break out that. Obviously, you saw the strong scatter pricing and it's going to continue to the upfront.
Joseph Ianniello: And Anthony, this is Joe. Just to add, I mean we could structure those deals in different ways. I mean there could be recurring fees, as well as upside as a percentage of revenue. So they all kind of take different forms and different actions. But we're obviously just focused on maximizing cash and getting fair market value for our content.
Joseph Ianniello: On the second part, Jessica, it's Joe. 2011, obviously, it's not a political year and we don't have the Super Bowl. But the revenue mix is obviously going to be much more profitable. Our base business should continue to grow. Subscription and affiliate fees such as retrans, as Les mentioned, the non-owned and operated affiliate fees are growing. We're heading into a strong upfront, which is only the first quarter with a benefit in 2010. So the other three quarters are going to benefit 2011. We've consistently taken costs out with our restructuring that we just announced this quarter, as well as the NCAA. And so we're constantly operating that. So I think it's fair to say although we don't give guidance, we see our margins expanding in 2011.
Joseph Ianniello: And the scatter pricing, Doug, it's clearly, right now, I just gave you the current pacing of this week. And clearly, obviously, you changed it from week to week. But I'd say anything kind of north of 20% is growing into a strong upfront marketplace.
Joseph Ianniello: Again, we don't give guidance on cash flow. But again, let me tell you what we see. We gave guidance on CapEx in our 10-K. We said $250 million to $300 million. Cash taxes, again, we'll monitor. I think we have strategies in place to keep that minimalized. But the benefit, obviously, we benefited from the Super Bowl in the first quarter, as well as the syndication shows that hit last year where we recognized a profit. But if you recall, we said the cash flow would then follow. And I think you're seeing that. As far as any kind of particular drivers, and I pointed out political is paid upfront. That's going to obviously benefit the fourth quarter. So it's just from this point forward and other normal year in terms of any calls on our cash. And with the delevering, we have a run rate of interest expense that's going down kind of $40-plus million. So that should just give you an indication of where we're headed.
Joseph Ianniello: We don't break it out. Obviously, producing our own shows based on the number of episodes we had last year in the first quarter, we weren't producing those. So we're just paying a license fee. So we're now producing our own shows. And so the revenue in syndication will adjust our ultimate and we'll recognize when, for example, NCIS: Los Angeles, when those shows are made available to syndication, we'll recognize all of that revenue. So it's just really a timing thing. But we're not going to break out individual shows.
Joseph Ianniello: Again, we don't give guidance, and I'm certainly not going to project out what our positive working capital for the year is. But clearly, our working capital is positive, north of $300 million quarter-over-quarter for the first quarter. And as I said, from the last question, the Super Bowl clearly was one of the beneficiaries of that as it's paid in the prior year and we received the cash in this year.
Joseph Ianniello: This is Joe, Marci. We figured we'd tell you what we see, you didn't need somebody else predicting what GDP was going to do. So obviously, with the 65% base of advertising, we're going to be tied somewhat to the economy. So everything we're doing is de-risking that and creating additional revenue streams. So we're confident in that. But positive GDP for the last three quarters in this country has clearly helped us. But we're positioning this company and de-risking the balance sheet for the future. So we kind of gave you some guidance in the trends we're seeing. And we want to have some credibility of saying this is what we're seeing and we're delivering on what we say.
Joseph Ianniello: No, I think that was just on a reported basis. I think FX is the only exchange there, Marci. What I will just tell you is that in Q2, it's accelerating.
Joseph Ianniello: Jim, it's Joe. So on the revenue side, our Interactive group kind of annually did kind of $600-plus million, the first quarter's a little bit is the smallest of the quarters. What we'll just tell you is driving it is obviously Sports, as well as Tech. Those are the two big drivers for the quarter. So we continue to enhance the content on these sites and drive users and the monetization is there. That's why we gave you the pacing data that it's up 20-plus percent on display sales. So that tells you a little bit of something about the content as well as the marketplace.
Joseph Ianniello: And Brian, this is Joe. On the Outdoor question, the occupancy has held throughout the recession and the recovery. This is all pricing. So I think as local TV and Radio are increasing their pricing because of the demand Outdoor is now following. So the revenue increase you'll be seeing, will be coming from price.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, I'll start, James. On your cost reduction question, we typically -- we're going to take a restructure charge at least a 1x return on a 12 month kind of period. So the $57 million we expect to get that kind of savings on an annualized basis doesn't always work out exactly that math. That would be similar to the 2009 charge as well. And we continue, by the way, we continue to monitor the costs. We're never done making our operations more efficient, so stay tuned.
Leslie Moonves: And that scatter pricing, by the way that we mentioned, that is primarily prime time. That has nothing to do with sports. So you could sort of take out that it has nothing to do with sports.
Leslie Moonves: We don't tell an exact amount. As the world of retrans has increased across the board, the assumption was there should be affiliate fees. Our affiliate should pay us or should share with us what they are getting because we are delivering top-quality programming and top-quality sports rights. So it is a deal that reflects us getting a share of what they're getting. It is affiliate fees. And frankly, as each affiliate deal comes up, there will be the recognition that the reason they're able to get what they are able to get from MSO is because what the network is providing, and it is important for us to share on that revenue.
Leslie Moonves: I'll talk about our cash and returning capital. Obviously, we're very pleased with where we are with the cash flow and what we've been doing. And Joe has done a terrific job of restructuring our debt, and we're in a very good place in terms of de-risking our balance sheet. And we constantly monitor our position. All we can say now is a, we do not see any major acquisitions on the horizon. We will look -- we will continue to look at what our cash position is, where we are. We'll Look at it very, very constantly and very carefully. And as you know, we have always been a proponent of continuously returning value to shareholders. So we will let you know what we're thinking in a few quarters and how it goes. But at the moment, we feel really good about our balance sheet and really good about our cash position, and stay tuned.
Leslie Moonves: We look at all our businesses all the time and how we can improve them. We looked at an NCAA deal and we looked out what and said, "Alright, what is the best situation for CBS?" And we were able to make a terrific deal with Turner and then a terrific deal with NCAA, which as we've said, turned a challenging contract into a positive one. In terms of every part of our operation, we talked to everybody constantly. We've been talking to CNN for years about what we can do together. As you noticed, Anderson Cooper currently appears on 60 Minutes. So there's a lot of sharing going on, and we're in constant dialogue about how do we make our businesses better, how do we make it more efficient, and we will continue to do that.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the asset mix, Doug, you're right. We're in an environment where people are much more interested in our assets, and we're in a very good position. As we've been saying for a while, we are a large market organization in terms of our local assets. So we would look to continue to trim Radio in the not largest markets and even potentially, a couple of television stations. In terms of the other pieces of our business, we like them all. Do we look out and see what's out there? We're strong in the Internet, we're strong in Broadcast. So I would like to sell some of the Radio assets, and there's nothing that I'm being driven to acquire. So you'll probably see our asset mix being trimmed down a bit in Radio and Television, and that's probably the extent of it.
Leslie Moonves: And Doug, may I add, usually the first quarter is usually stronger the second quarter in terms of pricing on scatter marketing. As you get closer to the upfront, there's less activity in the scatter marketplace. But considering that we can say we're north of 25% since the first of the year, we're very much looking forward to the upfront.
Leslie Moonves: Look, we've always better ourselves. And we, as you know the last upfront marketplace wasn't that terrific. So we only sold around 65% of the inventory that we had. We anticipate selling more of that this year, but only if the pricing is up a decent amount to equal what we've been getting in scatter. Otherwise, we'll be happy to sell less and wait for our schedule, which we believe will be strong once again.
Leslie Moonves: Once again, the good news for us is we own about 2/3 of our schedule. Frankly, the cost we are really keeping down. Because our schedule is so solid, we did a number of less pilots this year. So our development costs were down considerably. And the cost cutting that we did a year ago, we have maintained. So our schedule going into next year will be splat or even potentially down depending on which new shows we pick up. So it is not gone back to the same old prolificate ways of television programming. We've kept it down. As you said, the redoing of the NCAA deal, we used a lot of creativity in doing it. And we had a great partner in Turner, and we turned a bad deal into a good one. We are very mindful of what our programming is, and it hasn't -- the cost discipline certainly hasn't hurt our ratings.
Leslie Moonves: Alan, it's impossible right now to quantify what we're talking about. We're obviously in discussions with Mr. Genakowski on what it would mean to us. We're discussing it. We obviously -- our spectrum is very important to us. It's important to us with retrans. It's important to us with our HD signal. To quantify the value of it now is way too difficult a task to do. It hasn't gotten to that point yet with the government.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding TV.com versus Hulu obviously, we felt owning 100% of our advertising is a lot better than only owning 70%. In addition, selling it ourselves has been very effective. And we think we have a model that works. In addition, we're able to protect our content better in a non-exclusive manner. Frankly, I don't know what the numbers are with Hulu. But it is clear that they are going to be adding a subscription model. So one doesn't know how effective Hulu for free has been. I know there's been some rumblings about some dissatisfaction with some of the partners, and we like to control our own content.
Leslie Moonves: Not at all, not all. That wouldn't make sense at all. We think our TV stations are related to our network, which is related to our programming, and they all work hand-in-hand together. And in fact, just the opposite, Jim, retrans has only made the network model a far more stronger model that it was before.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the first, obviously, Autos has made a huge difference in our local business. When you see the numbers of Auto in the first quarter, up something like 80% at our local television stations. It's made a huge, huge difference. And Financial and Real Estate -- also Real Estate probably less so for us. In terms of local versus national, frankly, we've seen improvements across the board. I'd say probably local has been enhanced even more by the improving economy, specifically local television stations are up considerably because of these categories. And once again, when you have auto balling by the wayside, that really hurts local television stations. In terms of -- we've had a number of conversations with different affiliate groups about talking to the MSOs together. It's not illegal. Frankly, every CBS affiliate shares the same programming, the same primetime, the same NFL, the same NCAA, the same Letterman, etc. And we have discussed the benefits of that, and we've discussed it frankly openly with our MSOs. And some of them have felt that it might be a better way to go. So it's something that's certainly on the table.
Leslie Moonves: Brian, I'll deal with the movie question first and I'll turn it over to Joe. We decided to put our toe in the water before diving in. We like the idea of doing movies that have been under $40 million. And frankly, the next two are under $20 million, our investment in it. And basically, forming a group, making sure our group is strong, making sure they're performing at the top of their game. But at the moment, that's what our game plan is. What happens three, four, five years down the road, you never know. Basically, I like this model, and I think we can make it work.
Leslie Moonves: James, I don't think there's a huge disconnect between what we see and investors see. The investors, and it's a natural push and pull are naturally skeptical. Three years ago, on this call, people would say, gee, you're really not going to paid for retrans. We've spoken to all the MSOs. They're not giving you nothing. And the world's a different place now, where retrans is now a standard operating procedure and it's extended to our affiliate. We are looking for all sorts of new platforms for our content. Once again, we have to be smart about it. We believe in an open structure, where it makes sense for us financially. As I discussed before, TV.com made better sense for us than becoming part of Hulu. iPad, very interesting, there's a real possibility. You can see some of our content going on there. There already is some of it in some of the areas. And we are, right now, exploring every possible means. I think every content company is aware that we're in a brave new world. And we're trying, and it's all experimentation, authentication, etc. I think the significant thing to realize is today, 10 years ago, we got paid for our television shows in one way, now we're getting paid in a dozen ways between all these new forms of technology. And frankly, it's always made the network content even stronger.
