Robert Bakish: Yes, sure. Alexia. This is Bob. We have done a lot of work since the close and we have absolute conviction in our guidance, as Chris articulated in her prepared remarks as we look at 2020, we see specific catalysts as the year unfolds. So yes, we feel very good about our guidance on the top-line, on the earning side and on the adjusted free cash flow side.
Robert Bakish: Yes. So as you said it was actually two parts - that makes a three part question. Let me take Showtime and then talk about the general question. Look, over the years Showtime has made strong progress elevating its brand, deepening its original programming lineup, expanding its reach through OTT. That said, it was a working capital headwind for the company in 2019 and the time is right to improve ROI by evolving that programming mix. To be clear, Showtime will continue to be an important home of scripted shows like Billions, Homeland, The L Word, Penny Dreadful and the investments we made in 2019 will clearly pay dividends in 2020. At the same time, Showtime does have traction in other formats shows like [indiscernible] and Circus and we see an opportunity to lean more in this direction. And there are new ViacomCBS assets to bring to table starting with RuPaul and with more to come. Also, Bellator Alignments a natural fit with Showtime combat sports positioning and I believe a compelling value equation opportunity in its own right. And the show BEP plus rebranding that we talked about, we think that is a home run in attracting incremental subs. So it is really a multifaceted approach to improving content ROI here. Beyond that, it is worth noting that there are some market dynamics in 2020, which should be positive for Showtime. As you know, some competitors have lost key distributors. That should help Showtime takes share, particularly in linear. As we mentioned OTT momentum has been picking up, strong sub growth in the past two months and slightly longer-term ViacomCBS broader streaming strategy will be additive to Showtime subs overtime as it introduced to the new consumer funnel. So we are excited about the next leg of journey of this culture defining brand, and we look forward to it growing its contribution to ViacomCBS. Now, just quickly in terms of how we decide where to put the product, let me start with a high level reminder of what our strategy is and that is to maximize the value of our content by reaching the largest addressable audience. And that is across every segment of platform using our assets and others. There is four reasons why this is the right strategy for ViacomCBS. First, it makes the most of our greatest strength, which is our content engine and our place in the content industry, which is an industry that is growing. Second, it allows us to build on our leadership positions across segments, including genres, demos, formats, while giving us new opportunities to grow brand, franchises, and audience. Third, it allows us access to the largest potential revenue pool and that is key to balancing adjusted free cash flow delivery and asset value creation. And fourth, it gives us flexibility to adapt as the market and consumer habits continue to evolve. So how do we decide what goes where? Let me start with a key fact. The depth and strength of our talent base means we make must watch content for all platforms. That said, we do have to assign where things go and we have three filters at guide that, we look at financial impact. We look at strategic impact and we take into account some partnership considerations. Now as you think about that, there are several other things I want you to keep in mind that starts with where we have strengths. Whether it is a franchise, maybe mission impossible or a genre like procedurals. You will increasingly see us not licensed exclusively to third-parties in the U.S. We do look at these things across the house and we have a content council in place, help evaluate opportunities and make recommendations. And we look at every content decision as just one window in time. These are assets we own and we expect to monetize them in different ways, in different places overtime. Quickly an example, Nickelodeon, you know it is number one kids brand, big hits like SpongeBob. The reality is our linear platform only reaches 40% of kids today, but we can reach beyond that. So what we are doing as an example with Nick, is we are putting a spinoff of SpongeBob on Netflix that will drive direct earnings, but also connect these characters with new fans, benefiting the franchise and related businesses like consumer products or future theatrical films. And also maybe idea reverts back, because remember it is a rental, not a sale. So, but we give a lot of thought to this. We feel great about our strategy both specifically for Showtime and in general and you will see us deliver value with it in 2020 and beyond.
Robert Bakish: Sure. Jessica. Look I'm extremely excited about our domestic ad picture. Let me start by commenting on the market. As you know it remains very strong both in Q4, now in Q1 which scatter premiums in both broadcast and cable with 25% to 35% above upfront. Broadly speaking, the issue remains supply not demand and related to that we are all seeing strong and growing demand for premium digital video. Now if you look more at our performance, particularly in Q4, which I think is helpful to give you insight into where we see this going. Overall domestic ad revenues were flat. Now that is driven in part by the fact that there was not a lot of political ad spend in the fourth quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2018. That was a midterm election year. And of course, we have a little decline in impressions but very strong pricing. But the real thing to look at is domestic cable at 9% growth with Pluto. That is the strategy we have been pursuing over the last year and a half. It is a strategy of combining linear with our advanced marketing solutions. It is really resonating in the market and as promised it is delivering robust growth despite impression headwinds. It is allowing us to dramatically outperform all cable competitors. And it is worth noting that AMS is now almost a fifth of our revenue in the quarter, including with CBS. So this is a real piece of business. Looking forward, it is why we are so excited about our position in the market as ViacomCBS, we are now the clear number one leader. We are number one on every download of linear. And our AMS offering is even larger as we add CBS granted digital video, including CBS All Access, CBSN, which has grown super fast and more, which means our combined linear AMS sell something we know how to bring to market is even more robust. And as you pointed out, Jessica, our ad sales integration is moving very quickly. I'm thrilled with Jo Ann's leadership. John Haley is the COO who knows the advanced ad space. I spent last weekend with the senior team. They are totally pumped and with a bunch of clients and I'm confident we are going to be extremely well received in this next upfront.
Robert Bakish: Sure. Let me take the first one. And then Chris will take the second one. So look on streaming again. We are very excited about our strategy. We believe this combination of free, broad pay and premium pay is where the market will go. And the fact that we have products in two of them, which is free and premium and very quickly we will get in the market with the third. Really, the middle one, we think makes a lot of sense. In terms of what we need to do, the reason we are so excited about this is it is not vaporware. We are filling from a position of strength. As we said, we have about $1.6 billion in domestic streaming and digital ad revenue in 2019, that is up 60% from 2018. We have MAU's at the end of 2019, at $22 million, actually more than $22 million, and over $11 million domestic subs in pay. So that is a real foundation and we are taking that and we are building on the experience we already have. We have benefit in terms of lessons learned in subscriber acquisition, insurance management. We understand what gets consumed in free and pay cause we have been looking at it for awhile. We are not launching something new, your question on tech. We are working off of proven platforms and models and we know how to work with partners both in the traditional and OTT space. So when we look at our plan for 2020 in our guidance, 30 million MAU's for Pluto domestically and approximately $16 million subs for U.S. pay offering with streaming digital revenue growing 35% to 40%. We feel very good about that. And again, we are in the market today and you are going to see us get deeper into them as the year goes on. So make no mistake. ViacomCBS would be very much in this game.
Robert Bakish: Yes. So, thanks. So our strategy is about taking advantage of this now larger portfolio of assets to improve content, ROI and ensure that we are investing against growth opportunities and maximizing share and margins in more mature businesses. You see that split in terms of linear television where as I said, our Comcast content spend is essentially flat 2019, but through grouping of networks, through shifting of mixes, we are going to get more effectiveness out of that. And again, we have a proven team that is getting more responsibility in that space. So, I feel very good about that. At the same time, we are prioritizing investments in places where there is clear growth that is in streaming, that is in a Paramount this year as we continue to ramp the slate a bit and in the third-party studio business, which is a significant business with growth, essentially risk-free, and long-term asset value. So, that is how we are looking at it overall and it is the combination particularly managing the mature businesses much more tightly that allows us for much more modest cash content, expense growth, as on a going forward basis, certainly 2019 to 2020, and then onwards than you have seen in the last couple of years. So that is how we are thinking about it. Again, I look at the combined asset base of this Company. We have more than enough resource base to work with and we are absolutely going to get more out of it.
Robert Bakish: Yes, thanks. So when you look at the CBS studio as an example, there is really two components of it. There is product it is making for its owned and operated network. In that case CBS and the product it is making a for third-party clients, which were a range of different clients. The expense growth and cash obviously covers both. As we look at it on the CBS network side, I think it is worth noting that in Q4 and continuing number one, most watched network in prime, five of the top 10 programs, five of the top six freshmen series. So the network continues to perform strongly. That I was with Kevin last week and we were talking about CBS and they are actually spending less on pilots this year, because they feel very good about where the network is and therefore are able to be more prudent. At the same time, whether it is the CBS studio or the Paramount studio, we continue to have ramping demand in that third-party studio production business. Yes, that consumed some cash certainly in 2019, there is a bit of a cash headwind in 2020, but I want to reiterate it is a difference business, it is fundamentally profitable, it is low risk and we do build long-term asset value. So on a cash basis, we are continuing to invest a bit in that, but it is really a separate business. So but rest assured in general, we are looking at everything. We talked about Showtime, we are looking at CBS, we are doing a lot of work on the linear cable side. And as we are doing all that, we see a lot of opportunity in the streaming side and we are focused on improving content ROI and getting more out of this asset. And that is what we will deliver in 2020.
Robert Bakish: Sure. Look, streaming is clearly a global priority and our global operating footprint, which includes linear reach, content ownership, on the ground resources and relationships are unquestionably a valuable go-to-market advantage. We are today in the early stages of entering international streaming on the free side, Pluto is already launched and growing rapidly in UK, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Earlier this month, we announced that Pluto will launch in Latin America, Spanish speaking Latin America at the end of March, Brazil later. And we will offer 80 channels in Latin America by year-end. Likewise, Noggin is also up in Latin America and we just announced that Apple is launching it in 40 international markets. CBS All Access is already in Canada and Australia and we have a Paramount plus service streaming in parts of Europe and Latin America where it has both TV and film. So we are early days, but we are absolutely working the international space and we will update you as that plays out later in the year.
Robert Bakish: Lot in there Rich, but alright, let's do this quick. So the NFL, the NFL and CBS are longstanding partners as a combined company by ViacomCBS is even better positioned to deliver value to that franchise. You know the NFL values are broadcast reach and high quality production and you know that the combined company adds young adult reach, both for linear and streaming as well as international capabilities, both of which are key to NFL development. And that is important to the league. We are going to do some stuff around the NFL in the months ahead as we prep for Super Bowl 55 leveraging our platform. That is obviously a February 21 event. And to be clear, as a combined company, we absolutely have the financial resources to get a deal done and we do believe it is important to the company and I feel good about getting a deal done. When it gets done? I don't know. We will see. That is really more of the NFL call on timing. With respect to Nickelodeon, if I look at our domestic cable portfolio. Overall, we actually have a pretty solid audience performance, 13 of our networks grew share in Q4 including Comedy, BET, Paramount Networks, Smithsonian. Actually we see sequential improvement Q1 to-date the whole portfolio is up about 4%. Nickelodeon continues to be a work in progress, it is far in a way number one in the space, but that is also why - and we do feel good about the slate of shows coming, but we have pivoted to a multi-platform variance of Nickelodeon, as part of building that brand for the future. That combines, what we are doing in the linear network, what we are doing in our call it over the top space, what we are doing with third-parties and then how we are monetizing that broader audience, including through things like consumer products and for that matter film. So we are really attacking, the Nickelodeon opportunity in a multifaceted way. I feel good about the progress Brian Robbins and his team are making. I feel good about the partnership with Paramount with the next SpongeBob movie coming in Q2. By the way we did a preview of that movie SpongeBob out of water last weekend and people are feeling very good about the film. Obviously the NIC network, and our consumer products team are totally behind it. So Nick has a bright future and finally I would say back to the streaming discussion in our broader pay product, that is a house of brands Nickelodeon is going to feature prominently in that. That is going to be good for the streaming product and it is going to be good for the Nickelodeon brand. Largely - I'm not going to comment on any particular renewal other than to say we have a track record of getting fields done. We have a stronger portfolio than ever, including leverage. We haven't pulled with some of our clients and therefore, I feel good about our position.
Robert Bakish: Let me add that and then hop to your streaming questions. So look, if you look at the U.S. affiliate landscape, there is no question that ViacomCBS is among, if not the most important supplier to linear. Remember we are number one on every demographic in linear. We have must see content in news, in sports, in entertainment. And we have a model that gets deals done including having a range of partnership leverage, whether that is in advanced ad sales, doing more and more working with them in the broadband space, we started that with Pluto, Comcast just did that with All Access sets up box too. So we have a lot to work with there. There may be winners and losers in the space, but we feel good about taking share and getting deals done. And again, you will see that track out in year we have already had a positive experience with one very large MVPD, who is not a walk in the park and negotiate with. Onto streaming. Two things I would say in relation to your question. One is remember we are in this business today both in free and in the various pay segments we have been putting original content. You look at what All Access did with the Card. So it is not like we are ramping from nowhere. In fact, we are building momentum. And in particularly as we do that and this is definitely from the Pluto side, remember, Pluto is very capital efficient. That is essentially a rev share model, not a invest in content and build it out. So as we launch in places like Latin America, you don't have this big working capital headwind. You have a model that scales with the business. So, I'm very excited about our streaming plan. The financials are absolutely built into the guidance and the incremental capital is modest certainly by standards of what some other folks are doing. 
Robert Bakish: And with that, we are kind of running a little over. So I want to thank you for your questions. In closing, we couldn't be more excited about the road ahead, one where we will continue to unlock the power of this incredible combination, capitalizing on our position is one of the largest content producers and providers in the world. We believe becoming the most important partner in the media ecosystem, creating valuable new businesses. We have the assets, we have the plan, we have the team, we will execute and we will deliver for you. As we do know that we are 100% focused on shareholder value creation, we are committed to providing the transparency and disclosure you need to understand and track the value we are creating. And before I sign off, I also want to thank the employees of ViacomCBS who have brought this company together in under three months and who will power our exciting future.  And thanks to all of you for joining today. Thank you for your support. We look forward to talking to you soon.
Christina Spade: Hi Mike, it is Chris. Thanks for the question. So relative to the performance for cable affiliate revenue, Q4 we did see some Pay TV headwinds and we saw legacy Viacom rate resets. Looking ahead for 2020, we are going to market with our combined cable and broadcast portfolio. We are seeing strong streaming performance and especially in Q1 we have Homeland and we have Star Trek the card out there. We also have new re-trans and reverse comp fields coming up later this year, that we feel very good about 2020 and we also have the headwinds that we expect and the market expects to happen in our 2020 guidance.
Christina Spade: Also, Michael I Just wanted to supplement that, if you look at the TV entertainment segment, our new segment, which is largely the CBS branded businesses, we did grow high single-digits for the full-year 2018 to 2019, 8%, which is a strong performance. So from the standpoint of it, as we think about the CBS businesses going forward under the umbrella of the combined company now we will just even be further able to monetize our programming investments.
Christina Spade: Thank you for the follow-up. So for the cable affiliates, the additional thing I will point out is that, what we saw happen in Q4 for cable affiliate trends was similar to what the industry experienced. The other thing I will point out in general that as we look at Viacom and CBS is two separate companies and unifying to ViacomCBS, the pay TV landscape has been a headwind. But when we look at how our quarters will build, Q4 we had a tough quarter, as we head into Q1 and we think through Q2 our momentum will build. So Q1 we are going to see some more of the affiliate headwinds we have experienced. We also will have some timing of licensing considerations and we do, as I alluded to earlier, I have some big shows in Q1 like Star Trek Cards and Homeland that are strongly performing for streaming and Q1. But then as we go towards Q2, we will have the licensing delivery of South Park and momentum will build from there. So again, we will see the full power of ViacomCBS in 2020 and beyond. And I hark in back to Alexia's question that we have strong conviction in the guidance. All of this is contemplated in the guidance and we will see momentum build as we go into 2020 and beyond.
Christina Spade: Thanks John. It is Chris. So for 2020 guidance, we do assume similar to the industry the headwinds continuing, but from the standpoint of our guidance, we are expecting momentum to continue. So relative to what we are seeing back to your [VMDPT] (Ph) question, those deals don't come up until later in the year. So the effect on 2020 will not be that big. It would really be an impact to 2021. And we feel very good about our positioning as we go to look at renewing those deals.
