Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Let me start and actually start in reverse order. So look, I believe in the power of partnership. It has been used effectively to create value – create value for this company in the past and will on a going-forward basis. Today, we talked about two partnerships: T-Mobile and Sky. I think they are great examples of creating value. And in all cases, when we think about partnership, what we’re looking for is an ability to drive scale. We’re looking for low subscriber acquisition costs. We’re looking for deals which will drive subscriber stickiness. And we want to align with great brands. And again, those are examples of both. So let’s talk about T-Mobile a little bit since that was at the core of your question. We’re thrilled with the deal we announced this morning. It’s an efficient way for us to acquire Paramount+ subscribers. It’s a partnership with a great consumer brand, and it will be additive to Paramount+’s momentum. When I think about it, I’d highlight two things, big picture. The first one is that the most important thing for Paramount+ now is exposing more consumers to the offering, particularly as we’re ramping content. So this deal obviously does that. And unlike most wireless promotions, this deal will be available to all T-Mo users. The second thing I’d highlight is that the fit of Paramount+ and T-Mobile is excellent. Their un-carrier position speaks really to value and innovation that aligns with Paramount+. And the essentials product that we’re using is ideal. As you know, that product has content for the whole household. And it has an attractive price point of $4.99, which will really maximize downstream conversion after the promotional period, and the broader distribution of Paramount+ Essential fits well with driving our streaming ad business. So we think that all makes tremendous sense. And again, we’re very happy with this deal. Naveen, maybe you comment a bit more on the economics.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Alexia. On the film windowing question, if you look at Paramount+ in the quarter, the third quarter, we actually deployed three different models. We deployed exclusive premiere. We deployed day in date. We deployed 45-day fast follow. And actually, we deployed the exclusive both in what was planned for a theatrical release and in a true made for. So we’re experimenting with a bunch of different models on the Paramount+ side based on what we think is best for a specific film, obviously, keeping in mind all the constituents involved in that. The reality is we see them all work. So it’s not a question of moving away from one or the other. We’re going to continue to optimize on a per film basis, and we’re definitely not moving off the 45-day fast follow. If you look at A Quiet Place Part 2, that was a film that used that model, and it was very effective both in theatrical from a box office perspective, even with some of the COVID issues as well as a big sub-driver for Paramount+. And by the way, we’ve got plenty of consumption of a A Quiet Place Part 1 as well, which really points to the value of having a library to go along with, call it, new release product on Paramount+. So we will continue that. As I said in my remarks, the next film up this weekend is Clifford. That will be another day in date theatrical Paramount+ release. We think kids and family in this continued COVID time. Those films are ripe for day and date. Again, PAW Patrol worked very well, and we’re excited about Clifford. Moving to the second part of your question, which is around local content people think of ViacomCBS as a massive English language content creator and we obviously are. But for years, we have been creating content around the world to satisfy local consumers. You look at our company and you got hit originals coming out of Telefe, things like 100 Days to Fall in Love to catch a fee. These shows do like 40 plus shares in Latin America, certainly in Argentina. We also do a lot of format work all around the world, probably the best example of that, but not the only example – is our shores franchise, where we have many versions out there. And actually, when you look at that, what you see is our scale is not just in English. And I mentioned it, but in addition to English, we’re also one of the largest Spanish language producers in the world, and that’s not something people typically talk about. When you think of streaming, which is I am sure at the core of your question, that provides an opportunity for us to leverage our experience in this ex-U.S. production as a real competitive advantage. And that’s both to serve specific markets and have that strong local relevance, again, through characters and story lines, etcetera. But it also in the streaming space is to supply a larger aggregate global sleep where we also benefit from cost advantages. We’re already using locally produced content to great effect in places like Latin America for streaming. I mentioned Shores, Acapulco Shore is a massive hit on Paramount+. And really, our next step is to exploit that content really the whole collection of content globally, where we integrate international productions into our global slate. That we start next month. Where the two Telefe shows I mentioned will become in a Paramount+. That will be the first of many. And likewise, we’re going to do some interesting things with formats, including cross-border for Paramount+. So local content is definitely core to our strategy, but it’s about much more than the local market. It’s about feeding the global Paramount+ pipeline as well. Thanks.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. Look, it’s a great question. We continue to believe in broad and ubiquitous distribution really has a path to scale. And that includes wholesale relationships, including with the company you mentioned. Now look, there is obviously trade-offs in terms of a wholesale versus a direct relationship. Those trade-offs tend to be around requests for certain types of exclusivity, data access, margin. So it’s not a black-and-white question. The real question is, do you have deals in place, which makes sense relative to those considerations. And we gave a lot of thought to that. And by the way, that means we passed on some deals and some deals take longer to get done than certain people would like because the deal has to be right. But net-net, where we are in terms of balance, particularly as we’re focused on scaling, we continue to believe in the benefit of these wholesale relationships in terms really of providing access to the largest total addressable market, which we strongly believe offsets some of the other considerations, again, assuming you have the appropriate deal structure. So we like the balanced model. Of course, it’s something we’re going to continue to evaluate over time as we scale. But we see value to these distribution channels today.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Look, I will take the licensing side. We have obviously been in the licensing business for a long time. As a reminder, content licensing revenue for ViacomCBS has a bunch of different components in it. As Naveen mentioned in his remarks, it includes home entertainment, includes TV syndication, it includes consumer products, and of course, it includes licensing of content more broadly. When you look at – so I would say two things. One is we are in the licensing business, but two is that business is, for sure, evolving. So, when you look at the Q3 results, and yes, there was a whole bunch of growth there. The growth was heavily COVID related. We had many deliveries that were delayed due to production shutdowns. So, there is definitely some catch-up in Q3. And then the other thing that’s going on is, if you looked at the prior year quarter, particularly internationally, particularly in the ad-supported network space, you had many people that had hunkered – many buyers that had hunkered down and we are preserving cash given the uncertainty of the revenue situation. As the ad market has rebounded, those companies have moved to refresh their content lineups so that they can satisfy their consumers with new product versus kind of running these brackets off what they had at the time. And that’s certainly a driver of the growth. The third thing is there are a bunch of original series deliveries in there. What you need to understand about that is those are fulfillment of deals that were really predating the launch of Paramount+. So, that might be a third season of a show we are doing for someone. It might be a first season of a show we are doing for someone that took 2-plus years to create. So, while our strategy has shifted to become much more focused on owned and operated streaming with our franchises, etcetera. There is a tail to the, call it, legacy deals we have done, and you do see that showing up in the third quarter.
Bob Bakish: Yes, Doug. So look, we have a differentiated strategy and one we believe is right for our company and right for the times. And that strategy spans both free and pay, which gives us access to the largest total addressable market opportunity. As you know, there is many types of consumers out there. Some people don’t want to pay on one extreme. And on the other extreme, there are heavy users that are fine with paying very significant, call it, monthly bills for entertainment content. Both of those segments or all the segments are a very material size. And the products we have in the space, in this case, Paramount+ on one hand and Pluto on the other, and I will come to Showtime, are differentiated in their space because they are both broad products. We definitely believe there are synergies across this. As you noted, Pluto as a free top-of-the-funnel service using our Paramount+ PIC channel, as an example, which showcases Paramount+ shows, likewise, exhibiting Showtime originals, first episodes, etcetera, both are good for subscriber acquisition. And then in the context of Paramount+ and Showtime in the U.S., those are two services with very, very low overlap in sub base. And so we believe a bundled strategy to the consumer could create some value. And as you know, we launched that product. There are other synergies in this business, too, particularly on the ad side. When you look across Pluto and Paramount+, and you heard Naveen talk about the growth rates of both of those ad businesses, obviously, those ad businesses need to be fueled by impression growth, and both of those businesses are growing impression. So, we like that combination. We believe there is early evidence of synergy across that combination, and we will continue to push that. In terms of Showtime and Paramount+ combined, as you know, we are doing that outside the United States. We think that will be really interesting to get some kind of real data on. But at the same time, they have very distinct brand positionings in the United States. Both are doing well, including Showtime OTT, that’s really offsetting pressures in the linear business. And again, it has a very distinct positioning has a great content slate whether it’s shows like Billions or the L Word or The Chi, new hits like Your Honor. Dexter, I was at the Red Carpet premiere earlier in the week and the return of that. So, Showtime continues to do very well, and we like this multifaceted configuration.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Happy to talk about it. Let me start by saying we were super happy with Q3 in our ad business. We delivered growth in our advertising line, which as a reminder, excludes streaming ad revenue. And really strong growth when you combine both the advertising line and the streaming advertising line, we are up about 9% versus prior year, and we are up versus 2019 as well. But the meat of your question is really what’s going on today. So, looking at the fourth quarter, we see a combination of headwinds and tailwinds in the quarter. On the headwinds side, we do have some record political comps that we are up against. And yes, some supply chain-driven softness as we sit here today. You mentioned the auto category. There is definitely some softness there. There is some softness in sort of physical tech-related products. What I would say is that this softness translates into people wanting to shift spending out of it to better align with anticipated product availability we are not seeing cancellations. So, it’s more of a shift to better meet when they think their product is going to be available to consumers. At the same time, there are some tailwinds in the quarter, which we are happy about. Obviously, strong upfront pricing kicking in from the last upfront benefit of new fall season, including live sports and live sports, a big scatter driver. When we look at the quarter, we do expect strong growth relative to prior year and 2019 on a combined advertising and streaming advertising basis. So, despite some of these supply chain issues, we still see nice growth. If we look a little bit further out, we don’t really know at the end of the day how this supply chain issue, the timing of it reverting. But when it does come back, we do see the potential for upside as clients will now need to move product that’s been stuck. We also have a great election cycle, I am sure, coming in 2022, at least from an advertising perspective. And big picture, we really like our proposition, which combines linear and our EyeQ Digital as really being able to solve marketers’ problems. And by the way, EyeQ is already 25% of our business. So, we are tracking through it, but we are happy with our position in the ad market. Now with that, I just close by saying these are really exciting times for ViacomCBS. We are executing well. We do have tremendous momentum, including with Paramount+ and Pluto TV. Both of those products are really delivering for us. And when we look forward, we have what it takes to succeed in streaming. We have this incredible breadth and depth of compelling content. We have robust distribution and marketing capabilities, and we have a strong and flexible financial engine. And that, in turn, represents a tremendous shareholder value creation opportunity. So, we are really excited about the future. We look forward to telling you more about it, including at our investor event early next year. So, thanks all for joining us and stay well.
Naveen Chopra: Sure. Bob, happy to do that. We’re definitely looking forward to showcasing all the new content we’ve got coming to Paramount+ in 2022 for all T-Mobile customers. So to your question about scope, yes, it – we’re excited to make this available to all the postpaid T-Mobile customers. We do think that the deal should accelerate sub growth for Paramount+, but it will build over time. Some of the reason behind that is that the really big broad awareness marketing campaign will mostly kick in, in 2022. And between now and then, we’re going to be doing some things to evolve and optimize the consumer sign-up experience. We like the economics of these deals. You asked about the impact on ARPU as is typically the case for these kinds of third-party bundles, they do come with slightly lower ARPU than what we would see on a direct basis. But we really like the LTVs of the subs that we can acquire through these types of deals. Those subs have lower churn and we get full access to all the relevant user data, which helps us further maximize lifetime value. And at the same time, SAC is very low. So that ratio between lifetime value and acquisition cost is really compelling. And given what we’re seeing with our trial-to-pay conversion rates, I think, we can really make some hay out of giving T-Mobile customers 12 months to experience all the great content that we are producing for Paramount+ and then having them roll to paid customers after that point in time.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So to your questions about composition of the streaming subscriber base, first, actually, I think, the last part of your question, we will be aiming to provide some incremental disclosure related to the breakdown of streaming subs as part of the changes in reporting for Q1 and beyond. So stay tuned for that. In terms of where we stand today, I can give you a little bit of color around some of what we’ve seen in terms of sub additions. I think I mentioned that a significant majority of additions in the quarter came from Paramount+. I’d also note that Paramount+ domestic ads were higher in Q3 than they were in Q2. So even though that’s the case, we do still have a nice contribution from international. And in terms of the split between Premium and Essentials, we don’t break that out specifically, but they are both important contributors to the subs that we added in the quarter.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, to the question on ARPU is between the essential and premium tiers for Paramount+. A couple of important points. Number one, the ARPUs between those tiers are really not as different as you might think because of the advertising contribution in the essential tier. I think you have heard us comment about the fact that we see a lot of momentum in the digital advertising component, which is one of the things we really like about that plan. And in fact, in Q3, the delta between ARPU on the essential tier and the premium tier continued to narrow. And second major point is that ultimately, we are focused on making sure that our customers are in whichever tier is going to make them the most sticky, meaning we are less focused on the ARPU because in the long run, the bigger determinant of lifetime value is actually the expected life of the customer. So, it’s all about getting them in the tier where they are going to stick around the longest.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Ben, to your question on what to expect in terms of the new segment reporting, let me share a couple of thoughts. We are obviously making those changes because we are really evolving the way that we are managing the business, and we are increasingly thinking about it as the three parts that we outlined, that traditional media business that combines broadcast and cable networks, which is sort of a lower growth, but a very healthy margin business. The movie studio, which as you know is a core source of content for both our theatrical and streaming platforms. And then that D2C segment, which is the portfolio of a bunch of high-growth businesses where we are still in investment mode, but very bullish about the future growth potential. So yes, we will have those as fully independent segments, meaning the presentation will allow you to see the earnings power of our traditional businesses independent from the investment and contribution from streaming. And I think that will reveal a couple of important things. Number one, it will give you a holistic view of the direct-to-consumer business all the way through the P&L, to your question. And I think it will also demonstrate that earnings in our core business are relatively stable and materially higher than our consolidated OIBDA. So, I think it will be helpful to investors to look at the business in that way and get a much more accurate picture of how the different parts are evolving.
Naveen Chopra: And real briefly on – to your question on the content expense, yes, the $2 billion is expense, not cash. We have not provided any specific color in terms of the long-term cash profile there. I can’t tell you that in terms of Q4. I spoke in my prepared remarks about the trend on that expense between Q3 and Q4. And I would note that from a cash perspective, the increase in Q4 will probably be more modest than what we are seeing from an expense perspective.
