Leslie Moonves: Yes. Our philosophy is always the best show makes it on the air. And as you know, we have over 2/3 of the shows are shows that are CBS. But in terms of our pilots, I think once again, it's about 2/3 CBS and 1/3 from other suppliers. So right now we're just screening our pilots, and may the best man win. Obviously, it's the jump ball. The CBS-owned project gets on the air and fortunately, NCIS and CSI and Hawaii Five-0 and The Good Wife and Blue Bloods are all CBS-owned properties. So we not only get the front ends in advertising but the back end as well.
Leslie Moonves: By the way, we had the same situation frankly with NCIS: L.A. if you recall., which we did after only 6 episodes. This one, I think, we waited till there were 12 on the air. Look, it's a competitive marketplace. Quality premium hours are very tough to come by. And there's a bidding war for these types of things going on. So the marketplace is very strong, both internationally which continues to grow, as well as domestically if you have the right kind of hours that aren't serialized that have an action component and that can get this kind of numbers. So it's a great business.
Leslie Moonves: Look, the international sales are sold fairly early. Right after we announce them on our schedule here, it will continue to feed the pipeline. But Hawaii Five-0 before it even went on the air in the United States got over $2.5 million internationally, and the numbers internationally keep growing.
Leslie Moonves: The answer to both questions is an absolute yes. We are in very serious discussions with Netflix about doing a deal in Latin America, doing a deal in Canada, and those deals might happen fairly quickly. And in answer to your question about competitors to Netflix, obviously, Amazon is very interested in content, and there are other players who are also having similar discussions to that. So when you look at a Netflix and you say, "Gee, it's great to be in business with them, and they are terrific," and we feel that way about them, there are going to be competitors who are going to pay the same kind of dollars, and we see that across the way. Look, I don't believe that Blockbuster was bought by DISH to be a bunch of stores selling cassettes. I think they're a content place that wants our content. So the more, the merrier. And we're going to continue to produce them, and we're going to be able to sell them. So the world for the premium content providers gets bigger and bigger across the board.
Leslie Moonves: Very low single digits. I think we managed the cost very effectively. So the revenue dollars are really flowing through the profits. We look at that very closely apples-to-apples.
Leslie Moonves: As there are more and more competitors getting into the marketplace, and our attitude is and it's proven to be the case in time and memoriam, if you have the good content, people are going to want to buy it. It is true they want to see it when they want it, and you've heard that cliché, "I want my content when I want it and however I can get it." And when you look at the Amazon TVs and the Google TVs and the Yahoo! TVs, they are all going to be looking for premium content. So as we go down the road, there's going to be more and more competition for it. Will the dollars be there? We expect it to be. It has never gone down in terms of that. So we're confident that it will continue to grow.
Leslie Moonves: It's a very good question. We will sit down with our sales team as the market begins to evolve, and we feel very strong about our schedule. We will feel strong about our schedule. We haven't set it yet, but knowing that we are only going to replace a few shows. And we're going to look at a very solid increase. And as the marketplace evolves, we feel confident that the scatter will be strong. However, if the upfront dollars are where they should be, obviously, you'll sell more of it. It's always the risk reward factor. But any way you play the game, we're in very, very good shape. You're right. As you're sitting here, May 2, with 40% increase going on in scatter, you know when people are buying in June, they're going to be looking at that. So I think advertisers that didn't buy it at the upfront last year are kicking themselves because they are paying substantially more today than they were yesterday. How much we sell? It'll depend how much they want to pay. So it's going to be a question that we will ask. We have sold over the last 5 years anywhere from 65% to 80%. So it will be somewhere in that range.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'll talk about the first part. Mr. Decaux, who we know very well, and we like, and makes statements about how he'd like to buy our Outdoor company. As you know, our Outdoor results, as you can see, are growing substantially quarter-after-quarter. We have no great intent to sell it. We like it. Yes, we do consider ourselves primarily a content company. But Outdoor is a wonderful business. We are here. He has our phone number. If he wants to make an offer, well, we'll always listen to it. It's not our intent to aggressively sell. He said some very bold statements, and I think the Clear Channel guys sort of took a shot at some of his statements. But we like Mr. Decaux talking up how good our business is, and we agree with him.
Leslie Moonves: There have been a couple, which my head of sales told me that I can't talk about. So I won't. But needless to say, any deal that we would have taken in April would be at a very, very good number, which gives me great confidence heading into the upfront.
Leslie Moonves: The start-ups are virtually impossible on the price of what the cable networks would want. I mean, by the way, we do have the programming. As a matter of fact, we thought of buying another broadcast network. But I don't think the government would allow us because we do have a great deal of programming. But it's great because of our pilots, number one, we were able to do less pilots this year by about 6 or 7 that we'd normally do. And the bar is really high because of that shelf space, so it's a very good position to be in.
Joseph Ianniello: I would say the strength is continuing. I think on an absolute dollar basis, the numbers might be better because of no Super Bowl. But clearly the political comp is getting tougher. As far as the automotive, I mean obviously we saw today, GM and Chrysler for April sales, GM, up 27%; Chrysler, up 22%. So the U.S. is clearly showing there's demand out there for autos. So I think in Japanese, they've got to get their supply right, which we view as really a short-term blip. But we're pretty bullish on the category in general across our local and national mediums.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, yes, this is x Super Bowl. This is just x NCAA, so kind of apples-to-apples network advertising, up 12%. Obviously Sports, we're leading the way led by the NFL.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Michael, you've got to remember, when we took a restructuring charge in Q1 of last year, $57 million for the total company. But a big chunk of that was coming from our TV stations and radio stations. So you're seeing the quarterly benefit of those savings. Obviously, they come out of the numbers in the coming quarters because we took the charge last year in the first quarter.
Joseph Ianniello: Well, look. The sports clearly go away. And in Q2, there's clearly more repeats than in Q1. So but again, the base underlying strength is there. But just in absolute dollars, percentages, it might not be the same. But again I think the key takeaway is we're seeing lots of categories continue to drive the growth. And again, since we have the product, it's well, well, well, above last year's upfront, which is really setting us up, as Les and I talk about mostly, is this year's upfront, which is setting us up for next year.
Joseph Ianniello: The upfront marketplace really sort of excludes the NFL. It's sold sort of year-round. And once again, we're guardedly optimistic that there will be some resolution. If there isn't before the upfront, I think it might help the victor. In other words, we expect to be a leader or the leader in the upfront marketplace in terms of growth, in terms of dollars taken in. And if they haven't placed the NFL dollars at that point, we expect to get a piece, a better piece of the pie.
Joseph Ianniello: Well, it wasn't over the quarter. It was over the year. And frankly, we think we're getting a terrific response to our program. The $6 million Showtime network, it has other things. It has The Movie Channel, et cetera, in there. So Showtime has less than -- exists in over 20 million homes. It didn't grow $6 million. So Showtime revenue grew 7%, and it's both rate and subscriptions, Anthony. So there's clearly being -- there's more distribution in Showtime, but again, our other ancillary networks as well.
Joseph Ianniello: Michael, it's Joe. What I would say, maybe they're in just smaller markets than we're in. Again, we're not seeing that at all, and we're seeing clearly the benefits from the other local medium, their pricing. As they're raising their pricing, people are coming into Outdoor again. We're seeing them with longer lead times. So now that the inventory is at historical levels in terms of the sellout, we're really trying to push the price. And we're just, again -- we're in this kind of second inning of that to see that benefit. So it's a little too early to tell how far we can push it. But there's clearly a lot of upside from where we sit today.
Joseph Ianniello: And David, it's Joe. And I'd just add that when he does call over, remind him that the earnings are up 53%. So if ever he's -- multiply it by -- plus 3. We're not going to come up on our tax basis, David. But other than, we have a lot of basis, so we've got a lot of financial flexibility. And we do have a tough contract in the London Underground. Two things I'd say is, one, that contract comes to an end in early 2015; and two, there's an Olympics there next year. So we're looking for some real upside in 2012.
Joseph Ianniello: We don't see that -- we look at that flat, Doug. Again, year-over-year, we're paying top dollar for the shows. We don't see why that goes up. We look at that strategically. On every schedule we put up, I sit there with the numbers on a per episodic basis. So we expect that to be flat.
Joseph Ianniello: I'm talking about the Entertainment. Sports and News, hopefully we have some savings. And Sports will be what it will be.
Joseph Ianniello: Laura, on the margin point, clearly, again we said at our last quarter's earnings call, we said it at our investor upfront that to expect margin expansion. You've seen that today. We laid out a plan to -- for no reason why we can't meet or exceed peak margins. And again, you're just going to continue to see that quarter-after-quarter. So we're well on our way to achieving or exceeding those targets.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, again, it's Joe. Free cash flow, look, we obviously don't give guidance on free cash flow. Traditionally, Q1 is the highest of the quarter. Q2 is also a very strong quarter. So you can expect to see that. We've also said we expect to fund our share repurchase program as well as our dividend out of free cash flow, so that gives you some nice kind of indication. So we're feeling pretty good about our free cash flow prospects. As far as Netflix goes, the way we recognize the revenue is when we make those shows available to Netflix, it is not all in one quarter but it does -- a significant portion does start in Q2. But again, like I said, it's when we choose to make those shows available to them is when we recognize the revenue. So it will be over a period of time. But again, the biggest cost starting in Q2.
Joseph Ianniello: No, on a pro rata -- the deal we have with Turner is, again, it's no surprise that our downside is capped, and the upside is split. So again, that's what you're seeing in the results in the margin. So that will continue obviously in the second quarter. The Final Four games were all on CBS and not on Turner, so there's no revenue comp issue. But we're very pleased with the performance of the tournament as a whole and the financial results as well.
Joseph Ianniello: Marci, it's Joe. Look, that $225 million is obviously -- we did the math on $0.25 a sub there, which was again just by ease of math, 50% of the retrans number. We have about 180 of those contracts to negotiate. So we're in the early stages. And as we said in the coming years, you should look for that number to grow significantly similarly to retrans. So it's incremental. It's all 100% dollar profits, so I think it's good news for 2013, '14 and '15.
Joseph Ianniello: Most of that's coming from core advertising. The digital still represents as a percentage basis a very small kind of piece. It is growing clearly at a faster clip. But still to move the needle, it's a -- top line is $621 million for a quarter. So we have a lot of upside on the digital side.
