Leslie Moonves: Yes, regarding NFL, we're extremely pleased. Unfortunately, there were 4 blowout games among those that were aired, but the ratings were still very strong. And obviously, it helps our entire schedule. We're able to, as I mentioned, move Big Bang to Monday with -- and our Monday numbers were up a lot because of that, and that certainly helped it. We're very pleased obviously with the 1-year deal. And the NFL does have an option. We hope they pick it up. The good news, and we said this last quarter, because of Thursday Night Football, we're going to have more original programming throughout the year. And as time goes on, that becomes more and more important, especially as we own that program. So you're going to see a lot less repeat programming, and we expect our continued success. So all in all, Thursday Night Football has been a big plus to us, and we hope to continue.
Leslie Moonves: As we said, we think it is additive, and it shouldn't take away from -- and there's a -- there's many millions of people out there on college campuses, the cord-nevers, the cord-cutters who want the ability to have, and there are 10 million broadband-only consumers out there, and we expect to be able to get those people and reach those people, and we're very excited about our foray into it. As we said, this is not to hurt our partnerships with the MVPDs, that is not our intention, but it should be expansive.
Leslie Moonves: No. We're -- our deal is up at the end of November, and we are in discussions with them as we speak. And I know Charlie had some disparaging things to say about CNN. I don't think he could say the same about CBS.
Leslie Moonves: And David, regarding international marketplace, everybody knows that it's booming, and American dramas specifically are selling -- they're the best sold product there. We did $1.3 billion in revenues last year. We expect to increase on that this year. Once again, if you go selling a CBS drama, just about every single one of them is north of $2 million per episode. And that number at the CW comes down a little bit but because of what's happening with SVOD as well as new cable channels, the marketplace is very vibrant, obviously, the U.K., Germany, Canada, et cetera. So having more content is a real plus for us. We have many output deals and many deals where they're in the open market. So we're very happy having these own shows being in profit before they even hit the air, and then when they become successes on any of our networks, that only increases its profitability.
Leslie Moonves: Of course, it has. Obviously, we've said this, and we feel this way. We're the #1 network. We have football on Sunday and on Thursday. We have the best content throughout. And as we said in our remarks, every new deal exceeds the one before, both in terms of reverse compensation as well as retrans. And the marketplace is treating us that way. It's -- we've always said, if you have the most eyeballs, you should get the most dollars. That has not happened yet. There's still a number of cable channels that get paid more than we do, but we're trying to change it, and with every new deal, we are changing it.
Leslie Moonves: And Mike, regarding the new shows, of course, we're having discussions. As you recall, I think, we sold Hawaii Five-0 like 3 days after it premiered. And having 2 already established franchises, having sequels to them with NCIS and CSI, we're already having conversations out in the marketplace domestically about what is possible and how you structure these deals. Fox did a very interesting deal with Gotham right after it went on the air and they sold it to Netflix, among other places, and did a very clever deal. Obviously, we're out there. We're talking to them about all our shows right away. So deals can be happening very shortly. It's a different world than you just have to wait a couple of years to see results, and I think, people anticipate where we are now in a few weeks.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Dexter went off the air a little over a year ago, and Californication went off the air this year. In the HBO offering, remember, they said sometime in '15, they're going to offer an HBO service. We could say fairly definitively, sometime in '15, there will be some service from Showtime.
Leslie Moonves: We had a weaker market over the summer, obviously, and there was a slowness in the marketplace. But overall, broadcasting this year, of the 4 major networks, 3 of them in viewers are flat or up. So there isn't a decline yet. You do see in basic cable more of a decline across the board. So our advertisers are telling us, obviously, that, once again, to reach the broad marketplace, that we're still the best game in town, and we're seeing scatter grow. Definitively, I can't give -- I can't quantify how much is moving to us. Obviously, there's a lot of conversation about what is going digital. We don't think the advertising that's going digital affects the $20 million -- the 20 million viewer programs like we are. We think it affects more of the niche businesses that we're not in.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, sure, David. The $52 million is related to the Beasley swap for radio. So basically, again, the accounting rules, when you enter into a transaction based on the FCC licenses and goodwill values and where things are, is we record that charge there. So it has nothing to do with any programming assets at CBS.
Leslie Moonves: And Laura, just to clarify, it is now a national offering without the live feed. Now we're getting -- as Joe mentioned, we're cutting in the affiliates, and they're trying to -- we're making these deals with them to include the live feed, but the rest is available nationally right now.
Leslie Moonves: Look, Starz, there are 3 premium cable networks, HBO, Showtime and Starz. Showtime is doing extremely well, and we've done the basis of that on our original programming. The Starz programming is based more on movies. It's a very interesting asset, but we feel content with what we have right now.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, we actually called the White House and asked them to extend the date for another week so we could take in more revenue but they wouldn't do that.
Leslie Moonves: Jim, I'm not sure what -- I didn't hear what Time Warner said about a broadcast model. We're very careful about making sure that we don't cannibalize what's on the air and make sure our viewers got an opportunity to see our programming in as many ways possible. We have a very deep library, but I don't quite understand the question.
Leslie Moonves: I don't think right now we need a cable channel. We're able to monetize our content in a tremendous way without having to acquire a cable channel.
Leslie Moonves: And the 1/3 will expand as we sign up more and more affiliates to join us. So hopefully, by next year, we have most of the country with the live feed, but as Joe said, if you want to watch any episode of NCIS or The Good Wife or Madam Secretary, you can get that today in any part of the country.
Leslie Moonves: Well, judging from the numbers that we're seeing that we get between SVOD and all the various deals that we are getting from a variety of sources, we're not worried. The numbers we're selling our new product for are higher than what the old numbers are. And by the way, some of the cable networks that complain, they say they're not buying it, we're not quite seeing it. The Big Bang Theory is still the highest-rated show on Turner, and that's an off-network. But with all the variety of places that you can now sell your programming, the cable nets just become one small piece of it. And the numbers now for every single of our shows are more than they were when maybe cable syndication was a bigger part of it. So there's no fear on our part that we're going to be able to make more money on these shows.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Ben, on your second question regarding foreign currency, what that represents really is the translation adjustments as of 9/30. So the rate as of September 30 is basically converting our receivables mainly in Europe -- in euros and pounds to U.S. dollars, so we don't know where the rate will be as of December 31. Again, so we just wanted to point it out. We did not adjust it out of our result, but we just wanted to highlight it for you guys.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. Look, obviously, we see the same opportunity HBO does. We'll look to work with our partners on doing that, but as Les said, the 10 million broadband-only homes, to not make our programming available is certainly doing a disservice to those consumers. So we have to find creative and innovative ways to continue to have our content where the consumers are. So we're going to work with our partners to do that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Here's what I'd say, David, on the ad market. Look, Q3 ad trends are improving from Q2, like we said, and Q4 is accelerating. So I think, we said even on our last call, we see it picking up. It's hard to just say excluding the NFL when it's 3 hours of prime time on Thursdays for us. So what do I assume if we pull that out. So again, we're looking at it really holistically and just saying, we have the ratings and the content that consumers want, they're watching it live, and they're watching it delayed. So when we cume all of that, we are well-positioned to take these dollars. So as Les said, pricing is up, and demand is building. So we're very confident that we're going to continue to see that, and we like the hand we have.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, here's what we said. Our buzzwords around here are broadband and mobile, and I think, everyday, we see more and more consumption in those 2 kind of platforms, and so how we're addressing that is making sure the best content in the world, which we own, is there. And so we're mindful of the existing infrastructure, but this is additive and we want to evolve with that. So our thinking is the content is borderless. It goes domestically and internationally, and it goes to where the consumers want to consume it. So we need to figure that out. The good news for us is we have those rights. Because we own most of our content, we're going to figure that out and evolve with the consumers. This is being driven by the consumer, and so, again, we'll obviously do this with partners and help distribute that content, but it puts us in a very good position vis-à-vis the future business model of what it looks like. So advertising is a key component of our mix. It will continue to be a key component, and we're going to get paid for this viewership, and that's key. It's being measured, countered, and we expect to be paid for it. So I think, our expectations are very fair. We're the best at what we do and we expect to be paid that way.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, I'll start with the first one on the content. Look, content licensing is definitely lumpy. There's no question about it. So this quarter, we sold Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods. So it definitely had that. Again, I think that the point is we keep reloading. We have Elementary going. So we have nothing hitting first cycles domestic syndication next quarter. We did sell Dexter last year. So there'll always be different comps in and out. But just keep in mind, Mike, that we have a vast library. So we can sell other content. And so I think, I know that's hard for you guys to model and project out, so I appreciate the difficulty there, but I think, again, if you step back and just think about the library and the content we have, it's just timing. You might just be off 1 quarter or 2, but the fact of the matter is we're going to monetize it at higher and higher rates. So we want to make sure we do a good deal. So we don't really look at whether it's going to be in the fourth quarter of 2014 or the first quarter of 2015. We're trying to maximize the value of the franchise. And when the marketplace gives us that opportunity, we'll do it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Anthony, it's Joe. Look, we've been very conservative with monetizing the Showtime content. I think, HBO now sells their shows after 3 years. That's on the air. We wait till the show is effectively off the air to sell it. So that's really been the rule of thumb that if no current content is available on any other service in Showtime. So that's where we've drawn the line to date. Obviously, we're getting more and more data, but Showtime as a service is a unique offering that has high-quality premium content. It has sports. It has movies. It's very -- it's unique in its offering, and we will always maintain that. I think, the one-off shows after they come into the library, we're going to just look to optimize it like we do any of our other pieces of our library.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, look -- yes, sure. Look, we have ongoing conversations with Netflix all the time. So we're always talking to them about something. So you should assume that, that happens every single quarter. The international deal, we recognize the revenue once -- when the shows are made available. So if it's a library deal, the shows are recognized, again, upon execution, as long as we deliver the shows. If it's for new shows internationally where they're getting an earlier window, it's when the shows are made available. So that's the accounting recognition process. So that's what we follow. Again, it does cause lumpiness, but again, I think, Anthony, the takeaway is Netflix continues to do business with us because we have content their subscribers want to see, and as long as we have that dynamic, we're going to be fine.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, David, look, our style is we don't plan on negotiating deals for other third-parties. We're going to negotiate deals for ourselves, and we know what fair market value is for our content. Again, we have third-party deals that demonstrate just that. So we're going in, negotiating new deals for, call it, license fees for content we're providing, very valuable content, I might add, to these stations that allows them to go out and get retrans, as well as advertising, because remember, they're probably the #1 station in their local markets, and I suspect they're getting a whole lot of advertising dollars, and last I checked, when I see TV stations' OIBDA margins, they're pretty healthy. So we're going in with a number in mind, and we are determined, as Les said, to achieve it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Whoa, Laura, that was a lot with a bad connection, but I'll take a shot at it. Look, for All Access, I think, we definitely see the affiliates joining in. I think, we've had lots of conversations with them already. I think, they're excited about it. They will participate in the offering. It is a national service. It's the live piece that we're talking to the affiliates about. We think, again, it's a compelling offering. As Les said, in this one service already, it has more shows than any other subscription service that's out there. So yes, obviously, it is priced at a significant premium to where we are in the retrans reverse comp methodology just for that, for, again, protection. We don't see it cannibalizing. We see it as additive, but again, it's priced as such that it is a premium product because the offering is deep.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And on political, Vijay, look, I'm not sure where we ended yesterday. I would say, political, definitely, there was a frenzy towards the end and there was a lot of spending going on, so we haven't quite tallied it. Whether or not we set a new record, to be determined, but I would say it certainly accelerated towards the end of the election.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jim, if what you're saying is there's delayed viewing and consumers' habits are changing for binge or catch up, that's absolutely occurring. And I think, that's why Les has said, the live rating means a lot less today than it is even just a year ago. So we are making sure that, A, it's being measured, the ad loads are the same, and we can monetize it. So I just think that, again, the consumption is still ahead of monetization, so that's a good thing, but it creates an opportunity for us. So once again, that's why we have All Access and these other kind of platforms to be able to reach those consumers because they have changed their habits, technology has changed and allowed them to view the content on their terms, and we're going to embrace that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, it is nationwide. Let's be clear, it's nationwide for all video-on-demand, library, all of that content, and in certain ONO markets, in addition to that, you get a live linear feed of what you're watching on the air. So just the live linear, it's in 1/3 of the country, but the rest of it, video-on-demand, you can watch the next day of the shows for the subscription fee, or our vast library, you can get for that $5.99 a month, today, not tomorrow, today. So that is available.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Clearly, you're not a subscriber yet, Marci, but we'll give you a free week to turn you on to the service so you can test it.
