Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, let me deal with content first. Obviously, we're expanding the number of originals we're doing on All Access. We're expanding the number of originals we're doing on Showtime as well. Plus, we're producing for a lot more outlets. So our studios have something like 65 shows in production right now, which is a big increase from what it's done before. And when we analyze our shows, by and large, they're are profitable before we begin. So even though we're producing content for All Access and, obviously, the goal is to get our subscribers up, there is a great international play on them as well like we did with Star Trek where we got many millions of dollars for originals there. So on virtually every show, we have a strategy and we have a plan for monetizing it and there are very, very few shows we don't go into where we're not making a profit off the back. Whether it's for CBS, whether it's All Access, whether it's Showtime, or whether it's an outside service that we provide for. In terms of the bundling, we're already selling All Access with Showtime OTT, so we're already doing that. And we're obviously exploring all sorts of other ways of distributing it. As you know, we're very pleased with where we are with the number of subs. And like some of the other streaming services that are bigger than us, they've made a variety of deals. We're also looking at them and we're not averse to any ideas there.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. No, it's a good question. Obviously, with Netflix doing something like 75 or 80 original series and Amazon and Hulu also investing in original content, Apple is doing it, YouTube is doing it, there is a lot more competition out there. Obviously, they are more competitive with All Access and Showtime, and there are certain cases where we will not pay the kind of money that they will. We'll have more discipline with that, but fortunately over there we've got David Nevins and a bunch of phenomenal developers. And as you see their content, you know more about Showtime content than just about any other premium service that's out there. So the quality of our development internally we have to work hard and once again translating it to our other services, obviously, the CBS Television Network and The CW Network it's sort of the same as it's been in the past. Yeah, there is a lot more competition for writers and actors, and the price of poker in certain cases has gone up when you go after talent, when Netflix can go after a Shonda Rhimes or a Ryan Murphy who are the top people who are out there, and give them hundreds of millions of dollars, but we have something else to offer at CBS Network. We get visibility with a show on something called the backend. So there's a guy named Chuck Lorre over at Warner Brothers whose had Big Bang and Young Sheldon who's made a lot more than a couple of hundred million dollars on the backend of his shows on the CBS Television Network. So there's a give-and-take on that, and you know, we're pretty competitive in everything we do, and I think we do every form of content really well and no matter what the competition is.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. I mean you're absolutely right. That hasn't been an area we've been focused on. Kids don't watch CBS. There's an FCC rule that says we have to put on three hours a week of acceptable programming. I think we have 10 to 15 children watching every Saturday morning on CBS. So it is an area we are not particularly strong in. As we see some of the success that Netflix has had with younger programming, obviously it's something that we are looking at as we head to the future to invest more in that. So you may see us doing more of that right now.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. I think the virtual MVPDs are growing. You see growth on some of them and as we said earlier, the more they grow, the more we grow. Because they are paying us better rates than we're getting from the traditional MVPDs, so we encourage that. And I think some of the results are very encouraging at some of them. So that's one of the points that we continue to make. The newer the service, the more we get paid for it. So these shifts are good and they are becoming substantial.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Alexia, it's been a question for years and years as viewers are shifting how come CPMs continue to go up. Because in a universe of 1,000 channels, the network numbers become even more and more important. So I've been doing this a long time. I think I've only seen CPMs go down once in like 20 years or something like that. So the top events, the sporting events, the live events, are still going to produce huge numbers. It's still the hottest thing in town. Even as ratings go down somewhat, or appear to go down because they're watching it on different platforms or different times, network advertising is still the best game in town. That's the reason scatter is up so much, and that's the reason we're looking forward to the upfront very much.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I'll take this. There's no question that more original programming creates much less churn. The reason it's changed is Showtime's airing pattern, where we used to put on two shows or three shows per quarter. Now we will do one per month, one brand-new show per month, which has helped the churn a great deal. All Access, as you know, we've only had like two and a half shows on. That's going to be increased to seven or eight. We expect the churn to go way down on that and we're going to continue to do originals. And that's sort of a proven number.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: As we said earlier, when we have an original programming, we already have its life laid out for, whether it's over and out in 10 episodes or hopefully it turns into 150 episodes. But even in the base case, we have it worked out where we know what we're going to get internationally within a range. We know where the domestic possibilities are. And as a result, before we even greenlight anything, we basically know the range of profitability, which is why I'm able to say there are very, very few shows that lose us any money, even some that are abject failures.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Bryan, the second question we're not going to answer for obvious reasons. The first question is, yes, we do some of those deals with ad sharing. Each deal that we do is very different. There are certain deals on our digital content, digital streaming sites that we do. We do ad sharing, where we'll sell some of the ads, they'll sell some of the ads. I think today content is marked by a no rules basis. In other words, you can't say you won't do a deal like such and such because you have to be open to virtually any kind of deal that's available with different streaming services, different cable services, et cetera, et cetera, and that's sort of the mantra that we live by in selling our content.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. It's a very good question and one of the things we pride ourselves in is being able to do different kinds and different work. The nature of content is very different for Showtime and All Access which is obviously super premium content that costs more that's done without any advertising, and then the next level is the CBS Television Network which is also premium content but obviously we do 22 or 24 episodes of that. Once again it needs to demand a bigger audience like The Big Bang Theory is the number one comedy and NCIS is the number one drama on television. They need to have a much broader audience than you'll find on Showtime or on All Access. And then you move to Netflix. We have a variety of different shows depending on their needs, moving further on different levels. The CW obviously is a different cost structure at a different demographic base and then you move into our daytime and syndication shows which we do a lot of game shows, we have the top game shows in Wheel and Jeopardy and we do Entertainment Tonight. We also do soap operas. So as I said, whether it's Ray Donovan or Homeland, till the price is right, we do them all well. We do them all well and we do them for whomever needs them. So we're good salesmen and we're good producers.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: And regarding Sling TV, I imagine that the next negotiation we will probably be on that platform. You never know, it's always part of a negotiation. We're not on now, but we probably expect to be.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, Ben. Yeah, look, I think we're demonstrating that because just year-over-year we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars more on owned content and you see us managing the margin to kind of flattish. And so we're able to see that because, as Les pointed out, the turnaround time to turn the cost into revenue is pretty quick. And so with the international marketplace – when we create a franchise, we're looking to maximize that franchise. And so it's not a one-size-fits-all. So we're able to definitely maintain margin while we continue this investment. So I think really that's the key here, what we're talking about. Because usually you have to step backwards when you're making long-term investments and here we're able to maintain it and still set us up for better growth in the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. Jessica, let me tell you, on the agency ratings measurement, look, we've always said best content wins. And so whether you're doing that direct to the clients which more and more clients are doing that direct business, and they just want to make sure that we're delivering. So whatever the measurement system is, whatever the rules are, we're comfortable with that. Our job is to produce quality content that appeals to mass audiences. And I think when you stack us up against our competition, we stand out. And so as long as we have that and we're able to demonstrate that consumption, the monetization will follow. So clearly it's changing. I mean we're setting our sales up, organization differently. Digital advertising are clearly at higher CPMs, direct-to-consumer we're expanding the advertiser base so we're doing all of those things not to be relying on intermediaries that stop us from maximizing our revenue. On the OTT front, they are at higher CPMs because they're more effective, they're more targeted. And so we have the data to support that and it's more valuable to the advertisers. So as more and more of that consumption becomes more and more acceptable to the advertisers and they see the effect, I think it just become standard. But we're not seeing any particular seasonality to the consumption, it's more driven on the release schedule and the stuff that's in the pipeline as opposed to seasonality or time of day.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. It's hard to say that for us it's been clearly additive. We don't have stations across the country. We only cover a third of the country. And as you know the deals we have with our affiliates are really cash license fees. So we can't comment and say that, but what we can say is in the markets where we are, yeah, it is absolutely additive.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah. Look, I'll just give you just a couple of hit titles that we haven't brought to market. You know, Scorpion and Ray Donovan is just two successful shows that we have on the air for multiple years. So that's the type and quality that we feel like we have to decide when and how to bring that to market domestically. But clearly, and the international marketplace is a little different as we sell those shows earlier. So the 800 hours I was referring to in my comments were really domestic.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, look, it's both domestic and international. And I think, look, it's just driven by the content that we have available and that's why we're producing more and more. We sell it and then we sell it over and over and over again. And we license it to multiple platforms. And so the windowing, John, becomes very, very important on how we window it. And so we want to be very strategic on how we're making our content available. And so that will continue as long as we keep filling the pipeline.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Hey, Steve. It's Joe. The way we're doing that is in conjunction with the partners meaning they have an exclusive except for All Access. Over time, obviously, we'll revisit that but for now what seems to be working best like we did in the U.S. is we just want a little carve-out as we grow our owned distribution service but, again, it's obviously tiny relative to the partners reach so we still are providing tremendous value to our partners. So it's a slow and steady kind of rollout but the opportunity is real and it's big.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah. Look, we're increasing our investment in content and promotion so as we said, we premiered four shows. It's not only the production cost but it's also the marketing. So, the margin came in at 38% for the quarter so anything around the 40% margin in any industry is a pretty darn good margin. So I think again we're maintaining that but, again, the goal for us is really to invest and grow the subscribers. And if that means we sacrifice a half a margin point, we're certainly going to look at that holistically. But I think we've been managing it consistently and I would, Steve, look at margins on an annual basis. Again, a quarter sometimes it swings up or down but over time I think if you look at it consistently it's still a very, very healthy margin business.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, look, Laura, look, that's exactly why we kind of made the point. The point is we have millions and millions of subscribers. A lot of our revenue is paid through third parties, meaning advertisers or distributors. But when the consumer is making the choice and electing to pay $10 a month, that speaks volumes. And that gives us a lot of strength when we go into those negotiations because we know the consumer has knowingly elected to pay that. Not being subsidized by advertising or not being subsidized in a big bundle in a cable package. They chose to do that and so that certainly gives us a lot of confidence as we head into those revenue negotiations.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Laura, think about that as a feeder service. What they're doing is we're getting them used to the consumption outside the home and on-demand with product that's timely. For news or sports or now entertainment news, and that's going to be a subset of All Access. So you like the product and we're going to upsell you to a paid subscription service. So this is part of getting people used to this form of consumption as we sell them up.
Joseph R. Ianniello: On-ramp. That's the better word, Laura. It's an on-ramp. You don't mind if we use that in the future. I'll give you credit. We're on-ramping them to All Access.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. John. It's Joe. On your subscriber growth number, obviously just the law of numbers, the virtual MVPDs are smaller than our OTT stuff, so just as a percentage. But both areas, the growth is significant. And so I think, again, we're seeing that, again, as folks just are choosing a broadband platform is great and some of them are just saying, hey, I just want what I want and I want just CBS. So we're catching them all so I would say both of those are contributing very nicely. As far as our targets though, obviously we gave you our targets for 2020. We think we're going to beat or meet those. That was before we launched All Access internationally. So obviously we wouldn't have launched All Access internationally if we didn't see a lot of good data points along the way domestically. And I think we're being prudent on how we roll it out internationally. So look, we certainly look at Netflix subscribers every quarter that they report and we see what the opportunity is and based on the strength and depth of our content, we feel we are in the very early innings of this growth story.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. Marci, I'll take the second one first, the low to mid-single digits. Yeah. Look, it's certainly political. It's helping that and retrans. I would call the local ad market as steady. Clearly in the first quarter we comped against the Olympics, so we're seeing that steady in the back half of the year. It's going to obviously be driven by political and again as well as retrans. So that's really going to be the story for local. And as far as Netflix, look, Netflix is still, as Les mentioned in his prepared remarks, Criminal Minds and NCIS is still a top 10 show viewed on Netflix so they're still very interested in our library and so we continue to have an ongoing relationship with them selling them shows as they come available.
