Leslie Moonves: Yes. Regarding Elementary, Elementary is Thursday night 10:00. It's doing very, very well, especially the 10:00 shows when you take in the C3 and the C7 numbers. Elementary is one of the biggest jump-ups. It's almost a gain of 4 million viewers in the first weeks of that. So Elementary is going to be a very powerful tool. And obviously, since we own it, and since the world is changing rapidly, we absolutely have the ability to put it out into syndication in a variety of ways in '15. Regarding the comedies, I'm really excited about The Millers. It's performing very well. It's our first owned comedy, you're right, in a few years. And we think it has a terrific cast and a terrific off-season, great producer. And the numbers are hanging in there very nicely. And we expect that it's going to be there for the long run, which as you know, can turn into a major, major revenue stream. So we're really excited about it. Look, between CBS and Showtime, there's the constant drive to own more and more of our content, as exhibited by Under the Dome and what we have next summer. And frankly, I'm very excited about another brand-new NCIS, which the pilot's going to be on in April, and hopefully, is on the schedule next fall. And that begins once again when you have billion-dollar franchises, it's good to have the third brother in the lock coming up.
Leslie Moonves: There's always -- remember, I said it's difficult for producers to say, "Well, gee, your schedule was pretty packed with a lot of hits." But guess what? We have -- we always have 4 or 5 that we put on the fall. We always have room for more there, as well as Showtime, can continue to expand. The same thing with the CW. We have a very successful production company at the studio, which has 20-some-odd shows in production. Showtime is doing their own production. Syndication continues to do very well. And we've created, as we said, a whole new day-part in the summer now. So the idea, Under the Dome, the economics are fabulous. We started out saying, "All right, how can we do original programming in the summer?" And when we took an international number and add that to the Amazon number, suddenly, we covered the cost of production. So we were in profit before the show even went on the air in the summer. And then when it ended up being a hit, that turned into all profit in the summer. We intend to do that with Extant and year 2 of Under the Dome, of which we own 100%. So it's sort of this fairly unlimited, what we're going to be able to produce. In addition, we're starting to produce 4 other services as well. We are producing some cable shows. And so the sky's the limit.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. We're going to wait until the first commercial break. And then we're going to syndicate, depending on the ratings.
Leslie Moonves: Sure, David. Look, we're open to TV authentication. So we wanted to preserve the flexibility to pursue that. We just want to be paid for that. The right of our content traveling with the consumer, we think we should be getting paid for that. And it's not -- everything can't be included in the one rate that we negotiate with the MVPDs. Those are rights -- rates for inside the home. And that's what we kind of bargain for. And so we're opened to having all sorts of conversations and maintain flexibility doing that. But it's our content. We spend a lot of money for that intellectual property. And we want to fully monetize that.
Leslie Moonves: Sure. Look, to me, again, that's new distribution outlets, different forms. And again, that's all incremental.
Leslie Moonves: The share of the audience, as I said, the reason we did the model the way we did for Under the Dome was you don't expect there to be great ratings in the summertime, which is why we had to sell it internationally and get the Amazon deal available. When the ratings went higher, we took a greater share from our competitors at that point in time. That's why the more original programming, advertisers are coming in to pay those rates if the viewership is there. In the past, the viewership hasn't been there. And I think the network, frankly, sort of allowed cable to take away the product and then we've now -- we're now taking it back, is what I'm trying to do along with cable. So there are advertising dollars as long as the product's there with good rates.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I think the broadcast ratings are pretty terrific across-the-board when you count in. What's happening now is the ratings are being counted in a much different way than even just a few short years ago. When you add in everything that is there, the numbers are actually going up significantly across-the-board. Now we're not getting paid for every dollar of that, but I think clearly we're heading that way. Once again, there is a sizable number of people that's watching days 4 through 7. And we've just put out a report about first 30 days. So that's not insignificant. So you take a show like Hostages, which is considered performing on a mediocre basis. It only had about 8 million viewers in its initial broadcast. When you look at the 30-day number, it's over 16 million. So it is more than doubled. Those numbers are going to be more and more calculated. We're going to get paid for that. So the poll track view of the world is coming true. And as I said, I think broadcast is viewed as healthy as it's been in many, many years because we are finally getting credit for all the online viewing, for all the VOD viewing, for all the DVR viewing that's out there. And I think the broadcast industry should feel very good about itself.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding the FCC, we don't think they're going to intervene. Every indication is that they're not going to. If they did, that's probably all they would be able to accomplish because people only know about the big deals. They don't realize we do 50 deals a year. And if they were a referee, literally that would be all they do. Once again, remember, these companies, these MVPDs, some subs may be going down or they may be paying more for it, but their broadband subs, by and large, are going up at very high margins. So they're doing fine. And we're doing fine. So we don't expect the FCC to get involved.
Leslie Moonves: There's no such thing as a rate card. We look at different station groups differently. We are made up of 220 stations, of which we own 40% of the country. And our affiliates are about 60%. And each one is handled differently just like every MVPD deal is handled differently. There is no specific rate card. We have a target, which we expect to achieve. And yes, a lot of deals are up at the end of '14, beginning of '15. So there's a number of opportunities for us to increase our revenue there. But I think the game has been set and -- but no, there is no rate card.
Leslie Moonves: That's sort of been the big going, what people have been talking about it for a while. But we're looking at it a slightly differently. We're saying, "You know what? Let's forget about retrans that the stations are getting." We are providing content for our affiliated stations. We are providing NFL and we're providing primetime. We're providing news. We think we should get paid a fair value. So what we they get for retrans, we wish them well. But what we get is a different number. And once again, we value who we are. And our affiliates value who we are.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, the good news is this year, the international syndication market for us is going to bring in over $1.25 billion, which has grown over the last 5 or 6 years from somewhere around $400 million. The great news for us is Eastern Europe is opening up. Asia is opening up. Latin America is becoming a lot more significant. In addition, the streaming deals are happening all over the world. You see the expansion of Netflix internationally in every market they open up, we are participating in that. So what is very pleasing to us is even as the economy in Europe has gone down, the pricing for our programming has gone up. So it's a very healthy market. It's a very important export for America. And we are benefiting from it.
Leslie Moonves: By definition, of course, they would be younger. And when you see the digital platforms becoming -- they could be up to 30% of an audience per se of any given show. So it is very encouraging because it does spread out our demographic and makes it much younger, as you would expect.
Leslie Moonves: It depends more and more, but it's being sold side by side with our network advertising. But there's still a great deal of it that's sold totally separately from that. There are digital advertising. It's very interesting. As the advertising agencies and the clients get more integrated, we will sell them accordingly. We are available to sell however they want to buy. Right now, it's mostly fairly separate.
Leslie Moonves: 2013, our streaming revenue is up significantly from 2012. And our streaming revenues are coming from primarily Netflix, Amazon and Hulu.
Leslie Moonves: Yes -- no, no, no. Netflix isn't a lot more than 50%. I think, again, the dollars are larger. But again, it's those 3 parties making up the lion's share.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, David, we're trying to maximize the value of the Outdoor Americas business. So we think the REIT alternative as a separate standalone public company does just that. So we're confident in our position with the IRS. So we continue to wait for that. But obviously, one factor not in our control is the -- are the Capital Markets interest rates. So we have to take all of those things into consideration, marking conditions as we make the decision. But again, we're very confident that in Q1, we're able to execute that trade. And we think we will have the ruling, I know Lamar is also in the queue waiting for their ruling. So I think, again, we're in a wait-and-see mode. But again, we remain on track. And again, the REIT, as a public entity, we think maximizes the value.
Leslie Moonves: It does depend on that. Obviously, a show like Dexter would sell for a lot more than a show like I Love Lucy, both of which are now on Netflix. And so depending on the show, once again, remember with our Netflix deal, we have some pre-existing deals where shows that come off the air, we can put it to them and there's a prenegotiated price, which is fairly substantial for us. And we're very excited about that. And by the same token as new programming comes up that they want, we will continue to do that. So...
Leslie Moonves: Vijay, these bills have been around for a long time. Every time there's a dispute, when you go off the air, there's some more activity there. And clearly, one of the strategies of some of the company is to get the government involved. We don't think it's going to happen. We don't think it's going to happen soon or long-term. We think it's better that the government stays out. And every indication we have is that they will stay out. And that's what our expectations are. And I think that's what most people's expectations are.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, in terms of timing, I really don't know. Number two, they have won a couple of cases. We have won a couple of cases. So we've won in Washington, D.C. We've won in California. They, obviously, won in the 2nd District here in New York City. So ultimately, we feel like it's a good chance that it will go up. Once again, we're not taking Aereo. There's been a lot of talk about it. And we don't think about it terribly much.
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the second question first, and then I'll let Joe talk about the cable consolidation. We already have some C7 deals out there. There are advertisers that realize that if you watch a show 4 days later, it's okay. It's the same value. Obviously, there are certain products that, like movies -- or sometimes that are more timely. But we think more and more of these deals are going to come up that way and be done that way. And if a product needs some attention before that, the rates may change slightly or there'll be a different form of advertising. But we think C7 is obvious. The numbers between C4 and C7 are pretty substantial. And they shouldn't be left behind. And the good news is more and more advertisers are agreeing with us. And they are making deals accordingly.
Leslie Moonves: Great. Thank you, Marci. And thank you, everyone, for joining us for tonight's call. Have a great evening.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Ben, now look, I think it's more driven by more original hours of content. And again, we're comping against a lot of political preemptions of last year. So think about more hours investing in it. It's our best ROI when we can have these hit franchises. So we're, actually, I look at it, Ben, is we're able to maintain the margin. If I was looking at margin on a year-to-date basis, and if you look at the company, I think year-to-date, it's 25% compared to last year 25%, but we're building for the future. So I think, again, it's a very healthy mix.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I got it. Sure, Jessica. Look, our expectation is in Q1, we will have the IPO. So the Outdoor business would lever up. And so the cash we receive, CBS receives via dividend from that plus the IPO proceeds, we will look at that to reduce shares outstanding and accelerate our share buyback. Then we will follow that up, probably Q2, Q3 with a split-off transaction, which will act again as a another share buyback, whether it will be in exchange of preferred 20 business days. So that's the current plan and intention. So we're feeling pretty good about that. Obviously, as Les said, we are changing the mix of this company to 50-50. So we're absolutely creating financial flexibility on the balance sheet. And we're feeling, again, also very good about that. So 2014, I think we get the kind of -- reshape the capital structure here with Outdoor and looking at, again, our leverage capacity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. Dexter was licensed to Netflix. And I would just caution to you, and I think you're going to see the balance of that in Q1 of 2014.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Not for Netflix. There could be, obviously, some sales to the traditional syndication. As Les said, Cable Networks are syndication, but not with Netflix.
Joseph R. Ianniello: John, it's Joe. The way I would think about the retrans and timing, I think it's just they're bigger numbers, the way you intend the run rates that have been and, obviously, accelerate. Obviously, we have to wait until the deals expire. So really, we're just waiting for time really. So we can't kind of push or pull a lot of those dollars forward. But every time we started, we're obviously pushing that value higher and higher.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No. Doug, it's Joe. No, I think, again, our focus is grow the non-advertising revenue faster than the advertising. And this is all done organically. There's no acquisition. Obviously, that would change the portfolio and change the mix, could be significantly. But when we talk about that 50-50, that's all organic.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Alexia, it's Joe. It's when we make the shows available. So it's our availability. I think Netflix is making them available to their customers starting in Halloween. But that deal was signed in the third quarter.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. That includes SVOD internationally. So when we talk about our international numbers, it's, again, it's revenue generated from selling our content the traditional way or via streaming. So -- and again, Alan, you asked about if we hit the steady state. I think there are new entrants all the time figuring out streaming and provide -- distributing content in different ways. So we'll look to that. But again, these guys have to continue to renew their deals and new entrants. But again, international is absolutely probably the fastest-growing if I was looking at it in terms of a growth rate [indiscernible] because there are hundreds of markets that still don't have any of our content.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And we obviously have a lot of shows that the content that we have not sold yet into streaming, into the streaming marketplace. So what we're selling again is really stuff that's already off air. So we still have a huge pipeline of content to sell.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Marci, on cable consolidation, we don't lose much -- any sleep on the consolidation. We believe we're going to get paid fair market value for our content. Consumers will always have a choice. And I think that was -- you saw that in the Time Warner Cable dispute where, I guess, their subs were down significantly. And I think FiOS, AT&T and DIRECTV were up. So as long as consumers have a choice, they'll find CBS. And so we're going to always bet on the content.
