Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, we -- not one size doesn't fit all, and once again, the -- we wish our affiliates well in their retrans conversations, but that really doesn't affect us greatly. As you can tell, there are a lot of very large station groups out there that are gobbling up a lot of the smaller markets. So they can do fairly well in their retrans side. The reason we get to that number is as we look at the contracts that are expiring at the end of this year and many more in '15 and '16 and so on, looking down the road, we don't think it's a tough puck to get to that $2 billion. We want our affiliates to be strong, we believe in them. But we also know, with the product that we're providing with them, they're able to get revenue from the MVPDs as well.
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first part, Jessica, and Joe could talk about the margins. Once again, remember most of these deals, with very few exceptions, include any current shows on the air or past seasons of current shows. So there is a huge capacity for that, which we are very excited about. In addition, owning The Millers, the #1 new comedy on television, is something we own 100%. We haven't had a hit comedy, since Everybody Loves Raymond, that we were a participant in, in a major way. So the fact that The Millers is going to be around a while and clearly is doing very well, leads to a fairly big number. In addition, once again, we're only talking about some first cycle stuff. The pipeline will continue. There are more and more players. I remember when we started with Netflix. Everybody said, "Oh, is there anybody else going to be there?" And then Amazon can along. Then Hulu expanded to Hulu Plus. You see Streampix coming along. So with the amount of library and current show contracts that we own both on CBS and Showtime, we are very encouraged that the pipeline at this level is going to continue for many, many years.
Leslie Moonves: We've already mentioned it, a number of them. Number one, most of our current deals was MVPDs, would not allow them to accept an Aereo-like service. So people are forgetting that even if Aereo was available. Look, we obviously are coming before the Supreme Court. We feel fairly confident that we're going to become victorious. You never know what's going to happen. But if something goes the other way, there are so many other alternatives we can form our own Aereo with the other networks. We could go over the top ourselves. We can go directly with cable. There are a number of ways that we could do things. We prefer the current system. We prefer a system where local television can get into their marketplaces there. But if that doesn't happen, we're not going to be financially handicapped at all.
Leslie Moonves: David, you're making the question more complicated than our deals. Look, the key to all this, and I'll let Joe finish the end of it, talking about some of the modeling and the financials is each deal that we do is very different than the last one. So we did a deal for The Good Wife, which got a lot more money than anybody ever imagined we would get for a softer female-oriented show. And we did that by putting together SVOD and cable and station groups. And we just did the same thing with 2 different shows. Elementary. For Elementary, I think it surprised a lot of people the amount of money we got, but suddenly here was Hulu Plus as the new SVOD player. Here was WGN, which hadn't been a major player in the cable syndication marketplace before, as well as ION. So once again, we found a new way to do it. And as you look down the road, once again, domestically, we haven't even made these sorts of deals with CSI, which has over 300 episodes and NCIS, which has over 200 episodes. And the sky's the limit, which is why we feel very comfortable that the pipeline is still going to continue in a way that's going to make sense. And these deals may look -- there may be a new guy involved in this that pays us a lot more money than we've received already. So...
Leslie Moonves: In terms of Netflix, obviously, every territory they've opened in, we have been a major player there. And as they expand, we're very happy doing that. Once again, handled by our international people as a -- Netflix being part of the international syndication sales. And in certain territories, replacing these main syndication partner. But it's sort of impossible to give you numbers, but all I can say is every time they expand, we're very happy about it. And it does well for us.
Leslie Moonves: On the NFL deal, we're thrilled to have it, and as you know, the competition was pretty fierce. At the end of the day, it really wasn't about money. The NFL was more interested in establishing their Thursday night and being in partnership with a brand, a company, a network that would do a better job of establishing that into the future. Now obviously, we ascertained what our network sales are going to be. In addition, our local affiliates are contributing. Our station sales, remember, we have an awful lot of O&Os that are in the NFL market, should be extremely high. Plus it's impossible to speak more highly of how it promotes everything else in our fall schedule. Is this strategic? Absolutely. Do I hope we get it longer? Sure, but so does everybody else. We hope to have it. We hope to extend it for a longer period of time. But as it is, I am extremely pleased to have this. It means so much to us. Look at what our schedule looked like at the beginning of this year without the NFL. Then you add that Thursday night to tighten up an already existing schedule, and it's a pretty sensational thing. So it's a good short-term value and a good long-term value.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, as you get more and more players in the marketplace and more and more ways of selling it, the sky is the limit. You're right. Everybody said, once upon a time, people gave 0 value to domestic on dramas on ours. Now when you look at the fierce competitiveness and the different ways of selling these things, both exclusively and non-exclusively, these aren't one-offs. As I go back to the last 4 or 5 deals we've done between NCIS: L.A. and Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods and Elementary, you look at them, and every single deal was vastly different with different partners. And the sky is the limit. And with all these players demanding our programming, the more good stuff we have, the more good deals we're going to make. And the marketplace is exploding. It really is. And internationally, once again, from a few years ago, where we were making $400 million, last year our international folks brought in over $1.2 billion in revenue from our products. So that marketplace also is exploding. Remember, per an earlier question, the Netflixes of the world are also going international, and they're also bidding up the competition, plus internationally, there are more markets that are getting more aggressive for our content. Asia's opening up. South America's opening up, and Eastern Europe's opening up. So once again, that marketplace is growing as well.
Leslie Moonves: Well, once again, we distinguish between Hulu and Hulu Plus. Hulu Plus is an SVOD. And obviously, we're not part of Hulu, and there's a big distinction there. But clearly by this last deal, they were a competitor to Netflix and Amazon. They're now over 5 million subs. So they're a big, big player. And yes, SVOD will be up substantially in '14 over '13.
Leslie Moonves: Look, the deal is for 1 year, and we're hopeful that we show them how great we are. And as I said, we're very flattered they chose us because at the end of the day, it wasn't about the money. It was about who would be a great partner. So our goal is, at the end of next season, they say, "My god, CBS did a sensational job. We want to continue with them." But there's no guarantee of that.
Leslie Moonves: All I can tell you it's -- that it's very healthy. It's not something -- I speak to our sales guys a couple of times a week, and there is a lot of activity going on. The GRAMMYs sold through the roof. Obviously, the NCAA tournament's going extremely well. We're very pleased with the pricing there. And as we head into the rest of the season post-Olympics, everything for us is looking great. And the Olympics, we're just doing a holding pattern, and then we explode again.
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the second first. And then, Joe, you could answer the first. Regarding the NFL, yes. It is a large percentage males, but there's still a lot of women that do watch it. This just tightens our schedule. What happens is, our Thursday night schedule will come on at the end of October, early November. So we will have very high rates. And yes, there will be more men watching on Thursday, but still, a lot of women watch football. What we will do with our Thursday night is we have some big shows, such as The Big Bang Theory, which leads off Thursday night, and we're not going to wait until November to launch that. That's going to be on the air on some other night, which will grow the ratings and the rates on some other night for The Big Bang Theory. And we have that possibility with Elementary on the other end of the schedule. So what it will mean is, we will have more original programming on throughout the year, a few less repeats. And I think the upfront sales, as you know, the NFL sells better than anything else, the volume will be extremely high. And the male-female balance is not something that we are even slightly concerned about.
Leslie Moonves: No. Marci, we're not seeing that. Actually we like the bad weather, because more people are at home turning on their television sets. So that's why our ratings are so good, and we see it when there's snow. Our ratings -- now, sincerely, we have not seen -- I think the advertising -- we sell advertising by the telephone or online right now. And so, we have not seen that. We saw the reports by some of our competitors, but we haven't felt the same thing. We don't feel like that's been a factor.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, the bottom line is, as we're increasing our cash flow and the mix and the quality of that cash flow, clearly, we're creating lots of financial capacity. As far as the off-balance sheet things, obviously, lease is a big part of that, and I think again the rating agency -- that will mostly go with the Outdoor deal. And our pension, as we sit here today, is 95% funded. So there's not a whole lot of off-balance sheet adjustments that the rating agencies, I think, will make. There are some, but again, Ben, as we execute on this Outdoor deal, we'll continue to refine our thinking on what's the appropriate leverage ratio for CBS. But clearly, we're creating significant capacity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Jessica, the only thing I would add to that is we still have a lot of shows that we have not sold that we've held back, such as the CSI that you referenced, Criminal Minds, NCIS. So we still have a whole lot of our content that we have not yet monetized as well. For local, Jessica, the 37% margin, it's actually down. Obviously, we pride ourselves on managing our cost infrastructure nicely. So it's still a very healthy margin, but that also kind of ties back to what Ben's question was, is why do we feel confident about reverse compensation number is, you know we own TV stations too. So we see them having 37-plus percent margins. So this isn't about an ability to pay. They certainly have the ability to pay, and the value we see we provide to CBS affiliated stations that we own when we compare them to independents or CW is quite significant. So I think we look at that holistic.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, David, so obviously, you know we don't give guidance. So what I would point you to is instead of looking at individual deals if you look to the content licensing and distribution revenue as where these syndication deals fall and the affiliate and subscription really where the retrans and reverse comp deals are falling, just look at that growth rate in total. So for 2013, content licensing grew 15%. It is now a $4 billion number, and affiliate and subscription fees grew 16%. It is now a $2.2 billion number. So you're talking about $6.6 billion of non-advertising revenue. So when Les and I talk about 50-50 mix, we anticipate growing advertising, but growing these non-advertising revenues at a faster clip. So I would guide you to look at them when we report revenue by type.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. I'll start with the $2 billion number. It is lumpy, unfortunately. It's just really predicated on the timing of when deals expire. So it's not linear. So it will have some lumpiness. Obviously, last year, we renewed about 17.5% of our footprint. This year, we have less than that to renew. But remember, we have a huge amount on the reverse comp side coming kind of in '15 and '16. So you're going to see a nice leg up there. But again, that's going to be somewhat lumpy.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. All right. Anthony, let me do the first part, the split off. Yes. So the IPO we're planning for later this quarter, as we said. And then that stock will trade and we think, again, roughly 5 to 6 months. So it brings us into the kind of third quarter, and then we would anticipate doing an exchange offer. And obviously, what that means is the holders of CBS will exchange their CBS per shares of Outdoor company at a ratio, and that is a transaction that has to take 20 business days. So that's a month. So we are on track for that but -- so it's dependent upon the value, the equity value of the Outdoor business, which we're quite bullish on. So I can't give you a sense of exactly how many shares we would retire, but clearly it's going to be a significant reduction in shares.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I think look, John, we're going to take it -- as you said, we're going to go into the Outdoor transaction. We're going to be raising, obviously, IPO proceeds. So I think, again, it's going to be part of an overall strategy, as we fine tune it. Right now, we just want to get this $2 billion executed in Q1.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Just -- when we look at retrans, there's 100% flow-through. I mean, our thought is we're spending this programming as part of our overall strategy. So when we went after the NFL Thursday night package, it wasn't -- we're not saying predicating incremental retrans. Obviously, we think we can get it, but when we look at the retrans dollars, all we're trying to get on retrans of is fair value for the content we're providing today. And I think the statistics and the viewership and the audience justifies that. So we look at those as hundred set dollars, Doug.
Joseph R. Ianniello: It's just getting started now. So we announce it today, tomorrow is a cooling-off period. And we'd put it in effect on Friday.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Laura, on your question, mathematically just so you're clear, it does not get us to the 50-50, we're just taking out Outdoor if you looked at it kind of for 2013. So what Les referred to, that was our target, that's our goal. So we'll be still slightly higher, but with the non-advertising revenues growing faster, that is our goal to get to 50-50 organically.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, cash is fungible. The way we kind of look at it, which $1.5 billion is it? We obviously -- just the $1.6 billion of debt on the Outdoor transaction. So we're sitting obviously flush with a lot of cash here in February. So again, it's part and parcel of the underlying $6 billion program, as well as the onetime Outdoor transaction. So the Outdoor transaction rate debts are going to raise IPO proceeds. That gives us cash, plus our free cash flow, but it's all part of the program that we look at, David. So we just -- we're focused on the share count. We're being smart about how we're buying back our stock. But again it is our top priority.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, David, I think we've remained consistent on this point throughout from the time we announced this. We feel our position is right squarely within the rules of the IRS for this. We think there's some precedent for this. Obviously, we also have another peer of ours taking the same position. So the timing is really kind of up to them, and we'll continue to respond to any questions they have. But we're feeling very good about our position.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Directionally, you'll -- okay, directionally, it's hundreds of millions of dollars. Again there's new deals we're doing all the time to grow that. So really, it's just a function of the content we make available. So we have a lot of flexibility, kind of in choice on what series -- for instance, as an example, we have 250 episodes of CSI.
Joseph R. Ianniello: 300, see. 300 episodes of CSI. So we have a lot of flexibilities at how and when we do that. So we don't want to get boxed into a growth rate percentage SVOD over SVOD. I think an earlier question said, if you just look at the content licensing, and you look at that number growing, I think that will be the best kind of guidance we can guide you to.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Marci, it's Joe. It's in the contract. So, for instance, the first cycle stuff is when we make that available. So Hawaii Five-0 and Blue Bloods are later this year. Elementary is going to be '16 or '15. Library deals, it's when again, as you said, the shows are made available, and we'll work with our partners to see how they want to stagger availability. So it's really contract by contract. But again, the trigger for revenue recognition is when they're made available. But the cash flow, which is equally important, coming over time.
