Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'll -- let me go first. Number one, in terms of pacing, we have kept our scatter pricing up. But obviously, because of our ratings strength, we are commanding the bulk of the scatter market. There were some decisions on our part to push some of the scatters because we weren't getting the pricing that -- we weren't getting the demand at that pricing to push some of it into the first quarter. So once again, we're in a very, very strong position, and I think we're going to benefit it -- for it more in Q1 than we did in Q4.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And let me expand on that a little bit. We’re only going to be doing 16 pilots this year. We've put on 5 new shows last season at the beginning of the year. We're probably going to have less than that now. Some of our competitors are doing over 30 pilots. So in certain instances, I would state that our development expenses are less by -- than some of our competitors by over $100 million. The ability to promote within our schedule -- I'm confident we're going be exceedingly strong next year and be able to keep our costs down and the trend continues.
Leslie Moonves: All I can say is the $250 million number is low. You're right, it is a retrans number. It does not include reverse comp. More and more, the reverse comp deals are going to come up this year. So it is low, but we're not going to quantify exactly how low at this point. But it is a low number.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? They're talking about the number of $2 billion. That's the number I've seen thrown around. And generally speaking, we get 9% to 10%. That's generally the ballpark. So that's what we're looking at. Whether that number goes up or down, the $2 billion, I don't know. But what I'm especially pleased about is not only we taking a large share from our TV stations, but radio is now becoming a bigger player in that area as well. So we're looking forward to a lot of nastiness on both sides.
Leslie Moonves: Well, the good news is obviously, we already have deals with Netflix and Amazon. At the CW, we also added to that Hulu Plus, which we support Hulu Plus, not Hulu without the Plus, which is an SVOD. And there's a possibility that could happen there. And there are a lot of conversations due -- you know what? It's hard to predict where -- whether there'll be a major deal, but we're talking to an awful lot of people. I also want to remind you and everybody else, as soon as we pull a show from our schedule, that automatically goes into one of those deals. So we expect our numbers of our preexisting deals to go up. In addition, as you mentioned, there's a lot more international players in this getting involved, and so we're making more deals internationally as well.
Leslie Moonves: By 2013. That will be going into syndication, and that will return to our studios since we own 100% of those shows. We are approximately producing around 20 shows, most for CBS and the CW. We're also doing a show for TNT. Right now, we have a pilot for USA. We still have more capacity. And when you look at the Netflixes of the world and the Amazons of the world doing new production, we welcome that. We are talking to Netflix about a potential deal to produce a show for them. Once again, we do not look at them. Until they are doing 22 hours a week of premium content, we don't look at them as a competitor but rather another place to put our content, whether it's original or buying our libraries as they have. So the good news is the production company is very strong and there's a lot more room to do more.
Leslie Moonves: We don't -- with the valuation right now, what these cable networks are, and we're getting paid so much for our content through all these various platforms, we do not find any need to go out and purchase one of them. When you see that in NCIS, each one of them is going to make north of $1 billion profit, each one of those shows, that's a very good business for us to be in, and it's a better business than buying a cable network.
Leslie Moonves: Well, first, I'll deal with international. No matter what has happened with the economy, internationally our numbers have grown in leaps and bounds. As you've seen in the last 5 years, we have doubled the amount of revenue we're taking in internationally. A lot of them are long-term output deals. But in addition, there is such a demand for the top-quality programming that we have seen no slowdown whatsoever in our major European markets or in Canada or in Australia. And the good news is it continues to grow. As long as we keep producing original, top-notch content, we're going to get paid for it, and those numbers should continue to go up. In terms of TV Everywhere, look, we are a supporter. If someone is paying us a retrans fee, then we welcome people being able to get our content whenever or wherever they can. As long as Nielsen is counting them, we are welcoming that even more, because what we want eventually to have happen is an eyeball is an eyeball is an eyeball, that we get Nielsen ratings and we get advertising for everything. And I would prefer to keep the system where the commercial load is exactly the same, and we get paid the same, whether it's TV Everywhere, whether it's online or on the air. Once again, as the MSOs get ready to do it, we're prepared to do it. But at the same time, we're able to sell wherever we want.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, the absolute numbers last year, you're right, the scatter numbers were higher, higher percentage up off of the lower number at the upfront. So this year's upfront was we were up between 13% and 14%. And then, you add that mid-teen number, and it's pretty strong. Once again, we think that our demand is higher than our competitors' right now.
Leslie Moonves: David, there’s not too many people ask us how aggressive we're going to be. I think they generally know the answer to that question. And you're absolutely right. This is -- it's an event we're looking forward to, and it makes the investment in London Underground very valuable because we're going to cash in well. And there is a lot of activity right now over there for our group.
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first and I'll let Joe do the second. The upfront options are remaining very, very strong. Nobody -- it's no different than any other year. What General Motors did was de minimis. And frankly, with our schedule being as strong as it is, we're having no trouble replacing the money at much higher rates. So we're seeing very few options. And it's sort of a normal, normal year, nothing abnormal. As a matter fact, it may be just the opposite. And people want our schedule, and it's good to be in the position we're in.
Leslie Moonves: And new people getting in and wanting the content. A channel like AMC, which has made a pretty good name for themselves on original programming, getting into the syndication market, there are more and more of those and being, as we have, the most valuable current content and library content, new ways of maximize it.
Leslie Moonves: And Marci, the NBA; we have KCAL, we have the Lakers. So we had a few games that were missed during the quarter for the Lakers. But that's, once again, not a huge number. But it did affect the cost.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Ben, this is Joe. On the cost side, yes clearly, again, as total company, you can see operating costs down 7% for the quarter and for the full year. So as we look forward, we -- as we said, we're going to continue to obviously drive the top line, but we think we can control the costs, particularly in the Entertainment segment, kind of low single digits.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. Look, we think we -- usually, 12 to 18 months, we expect to get that return on our money. So it's $46 million. The charge is $46 million. So kind of 12 to 18 months as a general rule of thumb.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Jessica, it's Joe. I'd just add that just from the deals we've signed today, we're going to be receiving more revenue in 2012 than 2011.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I think -- Jessica, it's Joe. Look, we look at that as a long-term strategy, so we don't really manage it day-to-day. It's just we said we're going to target $1 billion. We hit the $1 billion. We have $2 billion remaining, which right now, where our stock is, it's 10% of our market cap. So we're focused and committed to returning capital. And if you just look at our free cash flow for 2011 of $1.5 billion, between the buyback and the dividend, we've returned over 80% of our cash to our shareholders. So that remains our primary focus.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think we said again -- Doug, this is Joe, it's mid-teens over the upfront. Again, I think the good news is, is what we're saying is we're seeing increased demand. And again, obviously, the strength of our schedule is really kind of giving us a lot of confidence. We're seeing -- in terms of categories, we're seeing a big pickup for auto. So that continues to be strong. It's a big category. So we're pretty optimistic about the rest of this broadcast season.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Well, that's on a constant dollar basis. We -- obviously, we don't -- I don't know what the exchange rate is going to do, plus or minus. So that's what we've done, an underlying apples-to-apples basis. So obviously, if the exchange rate moved plus or minus, we'll adjust for that, but that's constant dollar.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, like I said, we just said the online streaming deals on a full year basis will be higher. Obviously, you'll have some quarter issues. I think last year, second quarter, we had a big inflow of those deals. So we might have a comp issue here in the second quarter. But our fourth quarter, obviously, will be very strong because of political. So I think, again, you'll have your normal seasonality, I think, with the year. But again, if you step back and you look at the full year, we're pretty confident. As we said in our remarks, it's going to be a record year for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: The tax rate, as we're filing it in our 10-K, you'll see that -- again, what we've said is -- what we're saying is comparable to 2010 and 2009. So the effective tax rate, somewhere between 36% and 38%, is what we're anticipating.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Yes, I think the Saturday games will fall into Q1 this year as opposed to Q2 next year -- last year. So we will have a little calendarization issue. But again, that's only the Saturday games. The final will obviously all be in the second quarter.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. And they're putting -- I think people are booking early, getting those orders booked. And obviously, it will benefit our third quarter.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. As far as AMC, look, we're obviously very pleased that they see, again, the value in of our core franchises, CSI. So it will be incremental, David. There's nothing, again, comp-ing against something kind of unusual there. So again, just another example of our content in demand and us monetizing it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Marci, let me start with the Local, the cost. I think, again, we always look at -- we're always looking at our costs on our Local segment. So we think we can manage that cost effectively. So I think margin expansion will clearly come from the top line, driving the top line. But again, we've demonstrated year in and year out that we're able to cut cost, control costs and manage it very effectively. So 2012 is going be no different. But obviously, again, the top line, we should be benefiting from -- again, our #1 category in automotive is strong, and we have an incremental category in political. So we're feeling pretty optimistic about that. Regarding the London Underground, because of confidentiality, we can't provide details. But what we can tell you is we're pleased with the outcome, and we're positioned, again, with the Olympics coming near, to really kind of enjoy the benefits of this contract for the next few years. So again, we're pleased with the outcome, but that's really all we can say.
