Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Bryan. So look, I’d say two main things here. First, I’d note that our streaming investment and differentiated approach is clearly producing returns at the consumer level. I mean, Paramount+ is going at the top end of the industry. It’s clearly taking share. Our content on Paramount+ is on the rankers. People are talking about it. And really, in less than two years, Paramount+ has become a service to be reckoned with. And that’s because it’s a compelling product for the whole household across the country and really around the world. And remember, we’ve always approached this space with a plan that was based on building a profitable streaming business, one with TV Media-like margins over time. And that gets me to my second point. Because we didn’t have unlimited resources, we went at this differently. And in doing so, I note that many of these things, things we’ve been doing all along, are now being embraced by others. So, what does that include? Multi-platform, the power of films crossing theatrical and streaming of shows being what I call dual illuminated networks and streaming, clear advantage. Franchises, the power of IP that people know, an IP that you can grow on a multiyear basis. That gets you a superior content ROI, including in streaming. Advertising, both FAST, i.e., Pluto and lower-priced ad-supported tier, i.e., Paramount+ essential. It unquestionably grows the TAM, and you’ve seen other people start to move in that direction. Partnership, we believe in the power of partnership. It’s a powerful element in leveraging their consumer connection. You see that in the performance of our hard bundles, channel stores and then add in D2C, it’s a powerful combination. International discipline. We never believed in a one-size-fits-all model. We believe in country-specific execution, including at the limit joint ventures as we’re doing with Sky Showtime. And finally, content licensing. We never took all our content and put in a walled garden. We continue to strategically monetize content outside our owned and operated ecosystem. And that drives incremental return and frankly, drives incremental awareness. Those elements are all important because they drive a mix of cost and revenue advantages that we’ve long pursued on the path to profitability because those advantages translate into lower aggregate investment levels and superior long-term strategy margins. So, we continue to execute. We’re very happy with our momentum to date. We see the light at the end of the tunnel. And sure, others are seeing some of the things we saw early, but we’re continuing to execute, because we are going to be a profitable scale player in the streaming game, and it’s exactly what’s beginning to happen.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Rich, a three-parter. So on Showtime, look, we think there is enormous value to unlock with the integration of Showtime and Paramount+. Both Naveen and I talked about that some today. So relative to that, if we were to divest the asset, it would have to create more value than our own operating plan. And as steward to shareholder value, we’ll always listen. But frankly, that bar is pretty high. So beyond that, I don’t think anything to say. Moving to Mr. Iger and undifferentiated, et cetera, look, differentiation matters. And the general entertainment space may not make sense for everyone, but general entertainment clearly makes sense for us when you look at our asset composition and really the nuances of our content engine. And when we went to market with Paramount+, well, actually before we went to market, we thought a lot about this question because we knew we needed to be differentiated because we weren’t first to market. For us, news, sports and amount of entertainment was a clear route to differentiated position and one that we knew or at least strongly believed would resonate with consumers and appeal to the whole household. And that’s across this country and really around the world. And when you look at Paramount+’s consumer traction, including having the most ads of any SVOD service in the U.S. since launch and the most ads in Q4 combined with 81% revenue growth, look, that positioning is clearly working. You look under the covers at what’s driving it, it’s the combination of Paramount films, CBS hits, Nickelodeon franchises, and our P+ originals, things like 2023 and Tulsa King, Criminal Minds, Wolf Pack, Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, I could go on, plus sports and news. So there’s no question that our content engine is delivering against our position. And with respect to the cost of general entertainment, which you didn’t specifically ask but certainly was built into that conversation that you’re referring to, look, our multi-platform strategy and franchise focus ensure we can build a differentiated content slate and simultaneously create a compelling content ROI. So again, general entertainment, it totally works for us in general and streaming, and maybe we’re different because of our asset composition and strategy, but we’re leaning into it.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. I’ll take the first piece of that. Look, we’re super excited about the Delta partnership we did. It was a competitive process and obviously we won, it provides Sky members access to Paramount+ in the air and for a limited period on the ground. So you can think of it as promotional in nature. Importantly, the subscriber numbers will not be in our sub count. So they will only – what they do is they put in their frequent flyer mile, and that gives them temporary access. But it’s only if they actually become a real subscriber that it will start to go to our sub count and drive revenue and all that. But we think it’s an awesome promotional platform. And I know the Delta folks are really excited about it today could – really showcases what they’ve done in broadband and their planes in the air. And we think it’s going to be a nice plus for Paramount+.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Phil. So in terms of the ad market, you look at Q1, which is probably the most timely we’re on the market. And as we said, we believe our domestic national ad sales growth will improve in Q1 relative to Q4. You look at what’s going on in the categories, there are some bright spots for sure. Categories that are really working at the moment are food and beverage, pharma, travel and increasingly auto. So we like that. The strength really is much more so on the direct side of the business, and that’s a place where Paramount has a real advantage. In fact, we’ve recently reorganized our ad sales force around specific teams aligned with holding companies to kind of streamline access for them, make it more turnkey. And that’s been very well received. So direct side of the business is a place where we’re advantaged. The indirect, really the programmatic side, is still soft. And we’re looking for that to turn as the market improves. I’d also say in Q1 related to it, the local – underlying local ad business is improving as well. It’s not just a national thing, although when you look at local, obviously, you don’t have the same political in Q1 that you had in Q4. So that’s a bit of a headwind. But net-net, we – relative to Q4, we like what we’re seeing kind of right at the moment in Q1. And that does make us optimistic on this second half recovery. And by the way, the second half recovery, when we said it’s all about the growth rate, we believe there will be improvement in growth rate as the year goes on. And it is worth noting that the comps ease a bit moving forward. And so mathematically, that helps. But it’s really the underlying tone that we think has stabilized, and we think that – we know that’s the first step before you get the real improvement, which again look into the back half of the year four.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. Kutgun, let me take that. And suffice to say, I was schooled in international, spent better – well, really spent a decade running our businesses. And so that’s certainly informed what we’re doing here. Start with the fact that streaming is definitely a global opportunity, and thus the international markets are an important piece of the equation. And just to level set, as we come out of 2022, we’re obviously active in all Latin America, Western Europe as well as Canada, South Korea and Australia. And then we got our Sky JV, which is in Eastern Europe and the Nordics and the Netherlands, but not consolidating our numbers. So we’re pretty well penetrated, and we’re going to really focus 2023 on deepening our participation in those markets. But to your point, I believe in a global strategy, but local market execution. And you have to look at the nuances of the market as you go forward. I also believe in the power of partnership. That led us early on and really first to this hard bundle concept where we use existing relationships with what you could think of as MVPDs [ph] to kind of turbocharge our market entry. We do that in the UK. We do that in Germany. We did that in Italy. We’ve done that a bit in Latin America. And that’s all about getting a large chunk of subscribers out of the gate at zero acquisition cost. And then now, as Naveen said, it really also was intended and in fact, has catalyzed demand for channel stores and the more direct business, D2C O&O, which we really like what we’re seeing in the trend lines there. And that will certainly continue to play out in 2023. So, we are very much looking at this market-by-market. And part of the peak operating losses, by the way, in 2023 is driven by the fact that we launched all of Western Europe in the back half of 2022. So that had some spillover effect to our financials. But as we get past that, that helps as well. So really excited about the international market opportunity. We are going at it differently. And yes, you’re right, I’ve talked to some folks who are thinking about scaling back their presence, but they basically launched a D2C O&O in all these independent markets around the world themselves and arguably are subscale, too. So, I’m not surprised they’re unwinding it, but we didn’t go into it like that. We were very thoughtful in how we went into it, again, leveraging existing relationships and assets to both accelerate the growth of the business and really ensure it’s an attractive longer-term business. And with that, I just want to wrap the call and leave you with a few key points to keep in mind. We believe in our differentiated strategy, our unique portfolio of assets and our ability to make popular content efficiently. And I think you saw that in 2022, and you will see it in 2023. We are focused on the turn towards streaming profitability. Our plan always contemplated that, and we are very much executing against that. We look at our approach as already creating value for shareholders given the strong Paramount+ revenue and subscriber growth. Yes, you’ve got to break it out separately and look at it as some of the parts, but there’s no question we’ve already created a very material asset, and it’s got a long attractive runway ahead of it. And as we continue to execute our 2023 plan, it really sets the stage, as Naveen said, for a return to significant earnings growth and a return to positive free cash flow, thanks Rich, in 2024. So thank you, everyone for your support, and be well.
Naveen Chopra: Hey Mike, it’s Naveen. There’s a lot in there. So, I’ll try to take those in order, starting with the questions on subscriber growth. So as you pointed out, 2022 was a very, very successful year for Paramount+ in terms of subscriber growth, and we’re enthusiastic about what’s coming in 2023 as well. I would point out that the dynamics around subscriber growth in 2022 [ph] will be a little bit different. On the P+ side, that growth is going to come from two main buckets. First is organic sub growth, both in the domestic markets and internationally. Domestic piece will be driven by a lot of the same drivers that we saw in 2022: content, partnerships, churn improvement. Internationally, this year, we’re going to focus on growing within the flagship markets that we launched in 2022. And then the second big bucket of growth for Paramount+ will be the migration of Showtime subs later this year. And as I mentioned in prepared remarks, that’s not a one for one. There’s a little bit of overlap there. We can take you through the details of that in the future. So there are definitely a lot of moving pieces on the sub front in terms of where we see that going long term. We’re increasingly focused on D2C revenue. And so when you look at the goals that we’ve outlined there in the past, we – our goal was to hit $9 billion of D2C revenue by the end of 2024. There’s some puts and takes there. The advertising marketplace has obviously been a little soft. But on the other hand, when we look at the trajectory on Paramount+ growth, we’re extremely happy with that and I think have exceeded our expectations on that front. So that’s kind of the story on subs. I think the second part of your question was around free cash flow in 2023, and there’s some important things to note there. Most importantly, we expect the year-over-year change in free cash flow to be less than the year-over-year change in OIBDA. And there’s kind of a strategic explanation for that and a financial explanation. The strategic explanation is really that it reflects the evolution of our streaming content investment. We obviously ramped it up quite a bit over the last couple of years. Now it’s starting to stabilize as we build scale, and you start to see our multi-platform franchise focus rolling in as well as the savings that we’re unlocking by integrating Showtime and Paramount+. Now the financial answer to that is really that it reflects a reduction in content working capital, meaning that over the last couple of years, cash content spend increased quite a bit faster than content expense because of the nature of amortization. But as we’re reaching more stable levels of content investment, that dynamic flips. So for the next couple of years, you will see content expense on the P&L will grow faster than cash content spend. And in fact, as we move from 2023 to 2024, this is important, we expect to see growth in free cash flow that is measurably larger than the growth in OIBDA. And then I think the last part of your question related to the dividend and what I’d say there is that our capital allocation strategy is well aligned with our operating plan. Yes, cash flow will be negative in 2023. That’s sort of the nature of some of the context we’re operating in, including the fact that we’re going to be at peak losses for D2C in 2023, and there are some ad headwinds. But both of those things are short-term in nature. We’re going to start to grow D2C earnings next year, and we do expect the ad market to recover starting in the back half of 2023, which means that we’re going to see significant improvement in OIBDA and free cash flow in 2024. And in the interim, we’ve got a very strong balance sheet that includes over $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet. That’s prior to incorporating any future asset sales. We finished last year with net leverage around 4 times. We don’t have any near-term debt maturities, and we have a $3.5 billion revolver that remains undrawn. So we feel good about that plan both from a growth perspective and from a financial perspective.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So Ben, with respect to 2023 OIBDA, we’re not providing any sort of specific numerical guidance today, but I can give you a few additional notes to help you model the year. If you think first about the D2C segment, as we’ve made clear, this is the year of peak losses. So you should think about it as really reflecting the full year impact of investments that we made in 2022, most of those related to content and market expansion. On the TV Media side of the business, we are looking to ad recovery in the back half of the year. I think TV Media will also reflect the impact of a number of the cost savings initiatives that we started talking about on our last call as well as some of the benefits that we’ll unlock from Showtime and Paramount+ in the back part of the year. And then on the Filmed Entertainment segment, we do expect slightly lower OIBDA on a year-over-year basis there, just given the timing of our film slate, which is a little more back-end loaded in 2023 relative to 2022. And then, of course, we’re comping against 2022, which included Top Gun, which was obviously a very large contributor.
Naveen Chopra: And Rich, with respect to your financial question, thank you for giving us a chance to clarify that. Our plan is to deliver positive cash flow in 2024.
Naveen Chopra: And I’ll jump in on the questions related to how we’re thinking about pricing. We – there’s some, obviously, we have put a lot of thought into since the launch of Paramount+. That includes conducting a variety of conjoint analyses and also really studying some of the historical price increases that you’ve seen in the industry more broadly. What we learned from that was that Paramount+ remains an incredible value proposition for consumers, particularly given the upward trajectory that you’re seeing with pricing across the industry. And of course, that value proposition will get even stronger with the addition of Showtime content into the premium tier of Paramount+. We also learned that the headwind from price increases tends to fall more on new subscriber acquisition and less so on churn. And that’s something that has certainly guided our thinking around the price increases. So just as a reminder, the price on the premium tier Paramount+, which will now include Showtime, will go up by $2, so from $9.99 to $11.99. We’ll have a $1 increase on the essential tier from $4.99 to $5.99. And we think that makes sense because effectively, what we’re doing is tying a bigger price increase on the premium tier to a significant expansion of content while keeping an easily accessible entry point on the essential tier. And we’ll continue to take advantage of promotional pricing, annual plans and bundles as a way of both maintaining the funnel for new customer acquisition while optimizing churn and growing ARPU. So we’re excited about the contribution from pricing. And from a timing perspective, that will kick in when the new service launches in early Q3. And then I think the last part of the question was on impairment. The impairment charge, which will come in Q1, is really all about content. And it’s driven by the fact, as I said, that when we combine Showtime and Paramount+, we don’t need the kind of content that you would need if they were operating on an independent basis. So that will provide a benefit in terms of reduced amort on a go-forward basis.
Naveen Chopra: Doug, excuse me, Doug. But thanks for letting Bob off easy. I’ll take those in order. With respect to how the price increases applied to partnerships, a couple of things. The price increases will take effect across both our direct channels and all of our third-party platforms. So that includes channel partners like Amazon, Roku, Apple, et cetera. With respect to the bundles that we have with commercial partners, the timing of price increases in those relationships will be determined on a case-by-case basis. And obviously, we’re not going to comment publicly on each of those deals. Your question on the impairment charge and its impact in 2023, I think the way you should think about that is that in general, content on our streaming services has an amortization period of roughly four years, plus or minus, depends a little bit on the type of content. And so you’re going to get the benefit over that period of time. It’s going to be a little greater in 2023 and then start to decrease a bit because there’s more amort to roll off in the first year than in subsequent years. And then I think your last question was about when we start to see sort of neutralization of the working capital drag on – between cash and OIBDA. I think the answer there is we’re going to move for the next couple of years into this mode where the growth rate in cash content spend is going to be much lower than the growth rate that you’ll see on the P&L. And then beyond that point in time, you’ll start to see them move much more in line with each other.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I can take that if you like. Pluto in the – excuse me, the international markets is certainly at an earlier stage of development and monetization than where we are in the United States. But it’s grown at a nice rate. So, we’re enthusiastic about that. We saw a decent chunk of the MAU growth in Q4 was international, including in Canada, where we launched an exciting partnership with Corus. And from a monetization perspective, as I said, it’s still relatively small scale internationally, but very compelling growth rate. So, we’re looking forward to it being a bigger contributor over time.
