Robert Bakish: Sure. Alexia, nice to hear your voice. So on advertising, let me reiterate that we believe Q2 is the bottom, and we expect to see continued sequential improvement in the rate of change in Q3 and again in Q4. With that, let me say a couple things to add some additional color. First, our total company advertising, obviously down in the quarter, and that was, as you heard, overwhelmingly and not surprisingly due to COVID. Beyond COVID, there is some lack of comparability to prior year, and that specifically is because we had the NCAA championship and Final Four game in 2019, but Turner would have had that this year. So that's worth about 400 basis points if you're doing math. Second, and really more to your question, the quarter turned out better than we thought early. And that was because we did see sequential improvement in each month of the quarter and simultaneously because scatter pricing held strong, 25%, really greater than that versus the upfront. The softness we did see is very concentrated in terms of categories. But at the same time, we saw some early signs of strength from some others, notably pharma, insurance and financial. And to the other specific question you asked, segments have been impacted differently. So broadcast in the mix is relatively strong. Cable's seen more relative softness. But in the cable side, we did take the opportunity to produce ad loads to improve the experience. Local has also been tough, but things are getting better. In particular, auto's coming back in Q3 as factories have reopened, and we continue to look forward to political being a significant driver in the second half. Digital also was impacted, but high-quality digital remains super strong. In fact, Pluto TV quickly returned to pre-pandemic growth rates and pricing and was very strong in Q2. So we like what we're seeing in terms of green shoots and look to continue to see that momentum. On the Paramount side, let me start by saying that while the studio was obviously unable to release films in the quarter due to COVID, it is an incredible asset to ViacomCBS. It has a powerful collection of IP, which we continue to develop for film, TV and streaming purposes. It's got a massive library, which benefits our networks and more recently, our streaming services. And its library is obviously a critical component of our licensing business. In this COVID time, which is really a time where theaters are shut down, we are focused on protecting asset value and really benefiting from optionality that our company and this environment presents. And that's driven us to do a number of things. First, we do continue to move films later to save them for what we believe will be a healthier environment in '21. You saw us do that most recently with A Quiet Place Part II and Top Gun: Maverick. We've also monetized some films, yes, with streamers, which allows us to get a return on our investment now. But importantly, it allows us to avoid putting even more product into a '21 that's starting to look pretty full. You saw that with Lovebirds as an example. We also decided to use a film franchise strategically, and that's deploying SpongeBob: Sponge on the Run exclusively in the U.S. against our super service relaunch in early '21 after a short PVOD window. And then to your questions about PVOD, we really are in sort of a COVID rules phase of the business right now, where studios, including Paramount, are doing some things they wouldn't normally do because theaters are closed. Know we remain committed to theatrical and believe a lot of this reverts once the world normalizes. But we do believe the actual windows will probably shorten, and some of these new monetization paths, including both strategic ones and others, probably will become more confident. But as I look at the whole thing, it continues to make me highly confident that despite COVID, Paramount is incredibly valuable to us, both strategically and financially.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. Thanks. So look, I couldn't be happier that we acquired Pluto TV last year. When we announced that acquisition, the market was confused. Most people didn't know what it was. Since then, AVOD, or now what people call FAST, has been accepted as a legitimate and important part of the streaming ecosystem, and others have followed us. But we haven't let up, not even close, like we leaned into its content, into enhancing the platform, into expanding distribution, into building the brand and into monetizing its ad inventory and most recently, global expansion. And as a result, we've grown Pluto TV dramatically and arguably extended our leadership position. The reality is no other U.S. FAST asset can touch the combination of Pluto's 100,000-plus hours of high-quality content, which we built through a combination of assets we own and these innovative revenue share-based models that we use with third parties. It's on over 30 devices and platforms. You name it. If it's significant, Pluto's there. We're rapidly expanding the distribution. We talked about these 80 million devices that are coming through new partnerships with Verizon, TiVo and LG not only adds to the expansive base we're already building through Amazon, Roku, Comcast, Viveo and more. And many of those have preferred placement and/or built-in carriage. And by the way, we got more deals coming in the pipeline, which is going to take these numbers up higher. Importantly, we're -- to the ad question, we're rapidly monetizing it. Pluto TV benefits both from programmatic flow and from direct ViacomCBS ad relationships. As a result, that business has grown dramatically. And as I said, it's bounced back to pre-COVID growth levels already. And now we're building an integrated ecosystem where Pluto's platform will feed our pay offerings. Now to your question on EyeQ, it's worth noting that Pluto TV is really a cornerstone of EyeQ, which, for those of you that missed it, we announced this week. EyeQ is a new ad platform, which will reach premium viewing audiences across the ViacomCBS portfolio. And here, we're talking about over 50 million monthly full episode users. So super high-quality advertising base. And by the way, to your question on why buy from us versus other people, you will only be able to buy that product direct from ViacomCBS. So we're -- in addition to being a broader solution provider, which, of course, we are, in this video space, we've really taken the next step in providing turnkey access to high-quality product to solve advertisers' problems. And that's just another example of the power of ViacomCBS in the ad marketplace. On the cost side, I think your costs were largely, if not fully, related to the impact of streaming and scaling that service. So on investment, I guess, a couple of points. One is we have very significant amount of content that we've already invested in across the company that we can deploy against the asset, and you saw us do that -- some last week in the preview launch. Second thing I'd say is we understand the math of content investment. On CBS All Access alone, we have 5 years of LTV data, which we use to drive content decision-making, what we commission, what we renew, et cetera. And third, we're obviously leveraging live events and sports, which we already have that are a real driver of subscribers and usage of service in our experience. Now as the original slate grows over time and gets comprehensive across the full suite of brands, there will be some increase in cash content investment. However, we do intend to fund that as the mix shift from lower-growth areas. And remember, we're also going to be benefiting from a larger subscriber base, which will generate even more revenue and help fund it. Lastly, I'd say we are going to market this in 2021 as part of a relaunch. But again, here, we'll significantly benefit from the power of our existing media assets and the appeal of our IP, including in social. So again, this is -- it's going to be ultimately additive to our financials, and we'll track through.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure. So you're right, it's too early to provide 2021 guidance, and we're not going to do that. But I will say with respect to your question on return to production, which obviously is critical, particularly when you get to a cash basis, you saw our very strong cash flow delivery in Q2, close to $900 million on an adjusted basis. Certainly, that number benefited from working capital implications of our sort of production, I'd say, radical decline. It's not totally shut down but certainly radically declined. And you should expect that as we move forward in Q3 but more likely Q4 at scale, that, that working cap benefit begins to go the other way a bit. And just to give you a little more color on the return to production because I think it's a topic everyone is interested in, we are currently executing a multifaceted return to production. Obviously, we're focused on health and safety of all involved in front of and behind the screen. And we have a real commitment to evolving approaches, locations, even story lines, to deliver that fresh product to customer and, ultimately, the consumer needs on a timely basis. And as we do that, by the way, we are finding some ways that we can operate less expensively. We've learned a lot through this COVID phase from the productions that are on. And we're rolling that through -- whether it's entertainment or sports, and we're rolling that through. We are dealing with all this through a centrally managed process so we can ensure application of best practices, mitigate risk, and we have the whole portfolio going through it. That has led us to having a whole bunch of fresh content on or coming to air shortly, unscripted, like Big Brother, which is on air now. We're shooting Love Island in a hotel in Vegas where the cast and crew are actually quarantined together. That will air later this month. Daytime soaps are back in production. In late night, Colbert and Corden are scheduled to return to their buildings next week, albeit without audiences. Animation production continues to move forward. And by the way, I don't know how many of you saw it, but we made a series of announcements that were picked up last week about our path in adult animation. And that's really a building area of activity for us that I'm super excited about. On the scripted side, we have a whole set of things in motion. We do have scripts on all series. We are putting shows through the restart process I mentioned. Our third-party production studios are also beginning to move forward. And we got a range of contingency plans in place, which include additional unscripted library movies and some other things. So a lot of options here as we work to serve consumers and customers. To the cash flow point in particular, I think you should expect Q3, there's more production spend. In Q4, it builds there. And then we'll transition into 2021.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Thanks, Brett. Let me take that from the angle of the overall -- where we're going with the overall super service, and I'll deal with each of your questions within that. So our guiding objective for a super service is to have a broad differentiated product at a compelling price point. And to get a real sense of that, take a good look at the preview launch we did last week where we materially broadened CBS All Access. The entertainment offering is now far wider. We added 3,500 episodes from 70 series from our flagship brands. It unquestionably widens the demographic appeal because we now have a real offering for kids, young adults, millennials and more. And look at the sports offering, now including UEFA. In fact, if you look at the collection of football, basketball, golf, soccer and more on the platform, we really are the first that have taken sports over the top in a meaningful way. And we believe there's real appeal here as part of a broad streaming service. We obviously have events like the GRAMMYs, the Tony's, the Super Bowl. There's news, which is something people need these days, or maybe not, I don't know. And then there are originals, to your other part of your question. Today, All Access has a baseline of compelling originals, shows like Star Trek: Picard, Discovery and now Lower Decks, which is animated, The Good Fight, Twilight Zone and The Stand. Starting in '21, that slate will greatly expand to include all flagship brands. And as an indicator, really a taste, we announced last week that Kamp Koral, which is a SpongeBob spin-off, will join the super service as the first Nickelodeon original. And that will be on the back of the exclusive availability of the latest SpongeBob film, Sponge on the Run. So that's the kind of way we're using franchises. We have an original plan that goes through '22 quarterly. And I'm super excited about it, and you're going to hear more about that at another time. But that gives you a sense. The originals are going to be important, and they're going to be defining as well as the sports.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Rich, sure. So I'm not going to get into commenting specifically on press speculation, but what I will say is we value the NFL and the partnership. We're long-standing partners, and that relationship has been a mutually beneficial one. And as ViacomCBS, we're even better positioned to drive value for the league and for ourselves. And to that end, it's important that you understand, as ViacomCBS, we have many monetization vectors for the NFL rights. Obviously, affiliate revenue, advertising, to your point, streaming, and that's both subscription streaming and ad-supported streaming, and potentially international revenue. So there's a lot of ways we can go here. And I am very confident that the partnership will continue to deliver value for both sides as it has for decades.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. So streaming is clearly a global opportunity. And for ViacomCBS, we believe, obviously, as part of that, there's substantial international opportunity. We believe that's true both in free and pay. You look at our global operating footprint, which includes our linear reach, the content we own, including local content, on-the-ground resources and relationships, we really see that as a powerful go-to-market advantage and feel we're well positioned to succeed. You look at where we are today on the free side, we're already in Europe and Latin America, Spanish-speaking Latin America with Pluto. We've seen very strong growth to date, particularly in Latin America, which we've only been there a couple of months. We do have almost 7 million international MAUs, 33 million global. And we got -- we're just getting going there. We got plans to enhance our product, expanding our channel lineup. We're adding a bunch of distribution partners. We will enter Brazil and Spain later this year, France and Italy in early '21. So there's real growth ahead. And obviously, we're thinking about other things from Pluto as well. On the pay side, we're targeting early '21 for the launch of our international streaming service. The exact product details and pricing, which we haven't announced, will vary by individual markets. But broadly speaking, the new service will feature exclusive first-run premier. So we're going to get those from the slate we're using with CBS All Access in the U.S., from Showtime and from Viacom International Studios. And alongside that, we'll use Paramount movies, box sets from CBS and Viacom media networks. If you want to just compare it at a high level to what we're doing in the U.S., it will be a much more entertainment-focused product. It doesn't really have a sports -- a material sports lane to it. And it will have an output deal from Showtime because we don't operate Showtime networks outside the United States. We will be rolling it in multiple markets next year, including Australia, Latin America and the Nordics. You'll probably see some press about that. But we're really excited about the opportunity. And again, this is another place where the power of ViacomCBS is really going to show through, the power of the combination of content, the power of the international footprint we have that's really differentiated from others. So look, thanks, everyone, for making time in this COVID day coming to us probably from your home. I'd sum it up to say despite the COVID-19 headwinds, we did deliver another solid quarter, reaffirming the strength and optionality of our combined operations. We're executing against key objectives and pushing ViacomCBS to emerge stronger. As you see, the key earnings and cash flow metrics improved sequentially as we continue to make progress on our integration, and we are now nicely ahead of our run rate and 2020 merger-related cost synergies that we committed to. Our deal-making and execution is underscoring the benefits of our increased scale. And that, obviously, you see in the significant distribution agreements we struck with Verizon, YouTube and others. And importantly, we're ahead of schedule in building our streaming business. Pluto TV is really cranking, and we're progressively moving towards the relaunch of our diversified super service early next year. And by the way, we just debuted our latest original Star Trek: Lower Decks on CBS All Access. It's a great piece of adult animation. I hope you all go and check it out. And lastly, to the employees of ViacomCBS, I want to thank you for your amazing passion, dedication and tenacity at this challenging point in time. You're all making a difference helping drive our company forward. So thanks again for your time today and stay well.
