Brian Robbins: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. I'm Brian Robbins and I'm here with my fellow CEOs, Chris McCarthy and George Cheeks. Today, we look forward to updating you on the results of the quarter and the progress we have made on our strategic plan. That includes streamlining the organization, transforming D2C and optimizing our asset mix. We have been aggressively advancing this plan since we laid it out at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in early June. But before we jump in, we'd like to spend a few moments on the transaction with Skydance Media. As you know, on July 7, Paramount Global announced the signing of a definitive merger agreement with Skydance which includes a 45-day go-shop period. We expect the deal to close in the first half of next year. In the meantime, the Skydance and RedBird teams support our strategic plan and we are continuing to operate business as usual. With that, let's get into our second quarter results and share more details of our progress. Then Naveen will take us through the financials in depth. In the quarter, we saw strong results both in terms of our financials and our content. A few highlights include 43% growth in total company adjusted OIBDA, largely driven by improvement in D2C. Paramount+ increased revenue 46% year-over-year. Our content continues to show strength across TV, streaming and theatrical. And we renewed and expanded our long-standing partnership with one of our largest affiliates, Charter. As we said before, we've been very focused on modernizing our relationships with distributors and this innovative multiyear partnership with Charter is a prime example of how we're doing that. The renewal includes the continued carriage of our portfolio of linear cable networks and CBS-owned and operated broadcast stations. Also around Labor Day, our Paramount+ essential ad-supported tier will be available to Charter's linear customers. Together, we're enhancing the value we're delivering for our consumers, providing them even more ways to watch our big broad hits across linear and streaming. And for us, it has the potential to expand reach and engagement, lower our customer acquisition costs and yield much lower churn. And we view this as one potential partnership road map for future distributor renewals. In addition to Charter, just last week, we announced a multiyear agreement with Nexstar to renew CBS television network affiliations in 40 markets across the country. So we continue to have good momentum with our partners. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to take you through the upfront and the highlights of our plan.
Brian Robbins: Sure, Mike. This is Brian. I'll jump in first. As I said in the prepared remarks, Skydance is very supportive of our strategic plan. It's business as usual for us and we continue to greenlight projects in the normal course of business. Now in terms of Skydance involvement, it is what you would expect in any M&A transaction. There are very specific limited things that we will consult with them on. But to the second part of your question, we are just aggressively advancing our strategic plan with our teams. We've talked during the prepared remarks about our actions to streamline the organization, our focus on exploring partnerships as we transform Paramount+ for the future and the ongoing discussions to optimize our asset mix. And we believe our plan will create value for shareholders over the long term.
Brian Robbins: Sure, Bryan. This is Brian. I'll take the first part of the question. For us, licensing is not either/or. It's actually more. It's about driving more revenue, more reach and more relevance for our content. But first and foremost, I think we're focused on maximizing the first-run value of our content on our owned and operated platforms and channels, whether that's through advertising, affiliate or subscription revenues. And then, of course, windowing is key and it always has been key. And we will still continue to license our content to third-party platforms. And fortunately for us, our content is in demand. It's in demand from consumers and it's in demand from other platforms. And we believe that not only do we drive more revenue by licensing to third-party platforms but it also increases the demand of that content on our own platforms by opening it up to new eyeballs on other people's platforms and then driving back to our own. So we will continue to license. We're very focused on creating the greatest opportunity while continuing to control our IP. And there's always going to be timing dynamics that are reflected in performance but given the power of our content and IP, long term, licensing is a compelling business for us.
Chris McCarthy: Thank you, Brian and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our upfront results, particularly in the context of the evolution of the ad market and the scale of new entrants. Linear volume trends were in line with last year and CPMs were up on a blended basis, driven by sports and broadcast which were relatively strong. The digital marketplace was also healthy. We secured commitments in excess of $1 billion across our streaming portfolio, reflecting both the quality and the scale of our assets. With our mix of pay and free, we offer the most efficient reach across premium video. Now let's walk through the progress we're making against our strategic plan, starting with streamlining the organization. We announced in June that we've identified $500 million in annual run rate cost savings across the company. This $500 million is included in the $2 billion of cost efficiencies identified by Skydance. To realize these savings, we are reducing our U.S.-based workforce by approximately 15%. And we are primarily focused on 2 areas: first, redundant functions within marketing and communications; second, streamlining our corporate structure, reducing our head count in finance, legal, technology and other support functions. These actions will take place in the coming weeks and will largely be completed by the end of the year. As you can imagine, these are difficult decisions to make. We have incredibly talented people at Paramount and these actions are not a reflection of their contributions. Rather, they are necessary to transform our organization for the future. Next, transforming streaming. We are pleased with the progress that we've made and the performance of our Direct-to-Consumer segment. In Q2, year-over-year profit growth was $450 million and totaled nearly $900 million for the past 4 quarters. For the fourth year in a row, Paramount+ is leading the industry in sign-ups, driven by our big broad hit TV series and blockbuster films. And Pluto continues to be the most widely distributed global FAST service, delivering 3.7 billion hours for the first half of 2024. That's up 8% year-over-year and that marks our highest consumption ever. Now looking ahead, we remain confident that Paramount+ will reach domestic profitability in 2025. In addition, to further accelerate profitability and to increase our scale and engagement, we are exploring potential strategic partnerships with multiple parties and are in active discussions. Finally, optimizing our asset mix. We are aggressively evaluating our portfolio with the goal of improving our balance sheet. The set of assets that make up Paramount Global today were built up through the rise of linear. And while we have strong brands and businesses, we must reshape our portfolio to best compete in the future. The assets under consideration are undeniably strong with exciting futures ahead but will be better served on their own or as a centerpiece of another business. We look forward to updating you on our progress against our strategic plan over the coming quarters. And now, I'll turn the call over to George to highlight our key content wins in the quarter and talk about what's coming next.
Chris McCarthy: Robert, it's Chris. I'll take the first half of that and then I'll pass to George to talk about the sports piece. First, let me start by saying we're very pleased with the success that we've had to date with Paramount+. We've amassed 68 million global subscribers. And the power of our content, both our originals and our library, is doing the hard work here. It's driving a lot of that -- those subscribers and driving our business. Now as we look forward in 2025, we're on path to hit domestic profitability. But we think there's an opportunity to accelerate that both just in domestic and globally. And so we're looking at a series of opportunities, whether they come in the form of strategic partnerships or joint ventures. And really the benefit here is to get greater scale, better improve our content offering, reduce our costs and drive long-term value and increase profits both in the short term and the long term. And we're exploring all these opportunities and we're going to be very opportunistic about that. So that includes a series of partnerships that could potentially involve some licensing. But we'll also be licensing content in addition to that. So let me pass it over to George to talk about sports.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, Naveen. Ben, listen, today, we have a global footprint with Paramount+ and Pluto. And moving forward, we continue -- we expect to have -- or we plan to have, excuse me, a global footprint. Now how that footprint looks may change. We're going to be very opportunistic about exploring all of our options here. The overwhelming majority of the economics are going to be driven out of the U.S. market as they are today in the content space. And so we want to be -- take a thoughtful approach about how we look at each market internationally. Now that can come in the form of strategic partnerships with maybe platforms who already have a great, tremendous amount of reach and a platform, in which case, we'll be reducing our cost by not having to have our own platform. Or they could come in the form of a joint venture with one or more SVOD players, in which case, we could get greater scale and increase long-term value and drive greater profits. So we have lots of interest from many different partners in this area and we're exploring all of that. And we look forward to updating you as we progress.
Chris McCarthy: Thanks, George. And this is Chris. I'm going to close it out. And on behalf of my fellow co-CEOs, we'd like to thank you for joining us for our call today. As you can see from our results, we're off to a very strong start in the first half of the year, executing well against our strategic plan. We continue to deliver some of the biggest, broadest hit TV series and blockbuster films with a high hit ratio. And our performance this quarter reflects the power of that content and the actions that we've taken to strengthen the company. Now looking ahead, we're clear-eyed about the additional work that needs to happen and we are confident we will deliver. We look forward to updating on our progress. Thank you everyone for joining us and have a good evening.
George Cheeks: Thanks, Chris. Our core mission centers on what we do best: creating big, broad hits. This is our first priority as well as our competitive advantage. Now in Q2, we had a number of key wins. CBS finished the '23-'24 season as the number 1 broadcast network in total viewers for the 16th consecutive year, with 8 of the top 10 shows and the 3 most watched new broadcast series with Tracker, Elsbeth and NCIS Sydney. On Paramount+, our strong slate drove excellent results, including the return of Mayor of Kingstown, Criminal Minds, Evil, RuPaul's Drag Race and The Chi. We also launched new shows like the South Park special, The End of Obesity, the Sonic the Hedgehog spin-off series Knuckles and A Gentleman in Moscow from Showtime. Q2 brought Bob Marley: One Love and the UEFA Champions League Final to P+ as well. On Comedy Central, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart is posting significant performance gains while engagement on Paramount+ is outperforming last season by over 7x. Over at Paramount Pictures, John Krasinski's IF delivered another number 1 domestic box office launch. And A Quiet Place: Day One saw franchise best performance, beating industry expectations and grossing over $250 million in worldwide box office to date. Now to keep this momentum going, we plan the most ambitious slate yet for Paramount+. This includes new seasons of Taylor Sheridan's hit series Tulsa King in September, Lioness in October and the new series Landman in November as well as the series finales of Evil and SEAL Team. The Showtime slate kicks off with a new series The Agency from George Clooney. And in December, Showtime's biggest franchise ever returns with Dexter: Original Sin. Also heading to Paramount+ are recent box office hits, the new CBS primetime slate, the new NFL season and our first full season of Big Ten college football. The next season's primetime schedule on CBS is one of the strongest I've seen. In addition to 16 returning series, the new shows will include a spin-off of Young Sheldon, the number 1 comedy on TV, a contemporary reimagining of the classic series Matlock and a new addition to the NCIS universe. And coming soon to movie theaters, we're releasing the first animated Transformers film in nearly 40 years, starring voice cast Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson. That's followed by Smile 2, the sequel to one of the most profitable films in the studio's history. In November, Sir Ridley Scott returns to the arena with the highly anticipated Gladiator 2 which just saw its first trailer become one of the most viewed ever for Paramount. Then we'll finish the year with Sonic the Hedgehog 3. Look, we really want to underscore our commitment to operating the business with best-in-class content at the center. We'll continue to deliver for millions of fans around the world. We've got the best creatives in the business and we're incredibly grateful for their contributions. Thanks so much for joining us today. And with that, I'll turn it over to Naveen.
George Cheeks: Thanks, Chris. So on the sports point, so basically, our strategy here and our focus is that broadcast and streaming together drive an unduplicated audience and really resolve linear and streaming growth. So when we look at our sort of sports portfolio, we're looking at it through both angles because the beauty of this is that we're seeing growth on both sides. For example, last NFL season, NFL on CBS was up 5% year-over-year and the streaming audience on Paramount+ is up more than 50%. So we're seeing growth for our affiliates and we're seeing growth in streaming.
George Cheeks: Sure. So Steve, we're keenly aware of the changing industry dynamics and the challenges that our affiliates are facing. Now our role as a network in this partnership is to provide best-in-class content with maximum reach. And this means we've got to continue to invest in producing hit shows, our news programming and investing in sports rights. Now in terms of the fair value, the fair value is really determined by the strength of our content offering. And the good news here is that CBS is delivering on all fronts. I mean we're number 1 in prime, number 1 in daytime, number 1 in late night. We have an incredible sports portfolio led by the NFL but including college football, NCAA and golf. So again, our job is to make sure that we're providing best-in-class content for our affiliates to justify the content fees that we charge them.
George Cheeks: And this is George then on the -- on your sports question, Bryan. So first of all, I would say we feel really, really good about our current sports portfolio. We've got our core marquee franchises. But that being said, we'll always be opportunistic. In fact, we recently closed 2 soccer deals with EFL and Serie A. So we will always be open in the market but we're going to always take this disciplined approach and make sure that our goal is to ensure that we're giving the right sports portfolio for both broadcast and for streaming.
Naveen Chopra: Thanks, Brian. And so Mike, let me respond to your question on the goodwill impairment charge. There's really a couple of things going on there. So first, obviously, linear declines are part of the analysis here. But the other part of this is that really drives the magnitude of the goodwill impairment charge, is the value that's implied by the Skydance transaction because the way the accounting works on this is we need to reconcile the value of our individual reporting units with the enterprise value for the entire company that's implied by the transaction. So it's really the combination of those things. And what that results in is the basically $6 billion noncash goodwill impairment charge that is specific to our cable network reporting unit.
Naveen Chopra: Rich, it's Naveen. I'll try to touch on all of those. So starting with your question on cost savings, as you pointed out, we're moving forward on $500 million of cost savings. But I think it's important to understand that that's sort of step one. We are also working on a variety of other cost reduction plans that are part of our long-term plan. Those are significant. They're material. They won't all happen necessarily at the same point in time. And they go beyond headcount. We've made -- most of the $500 million savings that you'll see in the near term is head count related but we do think that there are opportunities to significantly reduce costs in other areas as well. And those plans, I think, have helped inform a number of the ideas that comprise the $2 billion that Skydance has referenced. With respect to your question on the Charter deal, sort of in reverse order, the way that this works is, yes, subscribers who activate that benefit, if you will, meaning they associate their Charter account with a set of P+ credentials, those are subs that we will count as Paramount+ subscribers. And if someone does not activate them, they don't count as a sub. And when they do activate, then we start to allocate a certain amount of the fees that we receive from Charter to P+. What you'll see in our externally reported financials as a result of that is that the revenue from deals like Charter, where we're providing Paramount credentials in a bundle, will be split or be shared between the TV Media segment and the D2C segment.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure, John. It's Naveen again. Let me try to clarify that a little bit. I think it may be helpful to remember that the way that we structure our deals with distributors and I'm not going to get into any specific deal, is with a focus on total company economics. That used to be largely about cable and broadcast and premium linear networks. Now it includes all of those things plus, obviously, Paramount+. And so independent of how those things may be delineated for contractual purposes, for our financial reporting, we allocate those fees between, as I said earlier, our TV Media segment and our D2C segment. So the revenue that we receive is not contingent on whether somebody activates or not. It's all part of the overall economics of our arrangement with the distributor.
