Leslie Moonves: Yes. You're right. Your guess is right; I will not divulge our subs, but I will be happy to answer the other two questions. Regarding the NFL, obviously conversations are going on all the time. Some of it involves Thursday Night; what goes forward, obviously they put a game on Yahoo! last week, which they were very pleased with the results, so once again streaming becomes part of the equation now and part of the conversation and any conversations involving with streaming of our product would obviously involve streaming our product on our own site. So, there are conversations going on. They are positive. Nothing much new to report, but I think we're hopeful that something will happen there. Obviously, with Star Trek, a lot of conversations went into what we're going to do. All Access is very important. Once again, we remain a good partner for Netflix and Hulu and Star Trek is sort of the family jewels. It's a very important piece of business for us. As we go forward, we're looking to do original content on All Access and building up that platform. But once again as we say, Netflix is our friend and they're also our competitor. They compete with Showtime and All Access will begin to put some original content and knowing the loyalty of the fan base of the Star Trek people we think this will boost it. As one reporter said yesterday, there's about a billion channels out there, because of Star Trek people will know what All Access is all about. So we find that to be significant and important, but at the same time, we value continuing our partnerships.
Leslie Moonves: Got it. All right, you know what, I'll answer the first and I'll let Joe answer the other two. Obviously, the second quarter came and the Upfront came and there was like questioning; gee, the Upfront, there isn't as much volume, and we had said look, we've been through this a lot, and I think a lot of the reason there wasn't as much volume was a lot of agency reviews going on with major, major clients. And I think as normally happens when the Upfront may be down, suddenly they got located with the appropriate agency and suddenly that helped to increase the scatter market. The scatter market is remarkably strong. It's the strongest we've seen it in many, many years to the point where our sales guys are beating down the door to remove promo and put sales spots in there. As we said, football is going extremely well. Late night's going well. Primetime is well. Every part of our company is doing well. And I think, clearly, the agency reviews had something to do with that. And clearly the sky was not falling. In other words, it wasn't moving to digital. Obviously, a lot's there, but broadcast is stronger than ever.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'll talk about the Thursday Night and Joe can comment on the advertising. It's true. We're done except for one game that we have in December, which has the Packers and the Lions, which should be a good draw for us and should help the fourth quarter. Obviously, we talk to the NFL lots about a lot of things; Sunday, streaming, Thursday Night. We're very pleased with our ratings this year. We got much better match ups. They gave us a much better schedule, and fortunately, the games were a lot closer than they were last year. And that's why the ratings are up significantly and advertising is up significantly. So, we will continue to talk to them about extending the franchise. Obviously, streaming will have a lot to do with it as well.
Leslie Moonves: It was only a few months ago that people said, oh my God, advertising is down and the second quarter was tougher, but the third quarter is extremely strong and as Joe said, we don't give guidance, but from everything we see the fourth quarter is going to be even stronger. So, we're very pleased with how it's trending.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding Star Trek, as I said earlier, it is the family jewels. We have known from our information that all the Star Trek series have done exceedingly well in streaming. It doesn't come as a great surprise, but it's the hippest, it's the coolest, even the ones that were done 30 years, 40 years ago still resonate today, and all the series have done extremely well in terms of streaming. Added into that, as I said earlier, Star Trek is a huge international franchise, so our international distribution guy is going crazy. He can't wait to get out to the marketplace and sell that. So right away we're going to be more than halfway home on the cost of the show just from international alone. So the risk is rather small and seeing the track record, we think it's going to be great and it's going to bring in a lot more subscribers, and so we're really excited about it. Regarding ad-free, yes, that's absolutely something that we're thinking about. As we progress into it, we're charging $5.99 right now for with ads and we've had discussions about, how about if we do a $9.99 with no ads? And it's a very possible thing for the future. And yes, we are talking about what future projects, what original development we might put on All Access, but it's still very early. Our main focus right now is Star Trek and we wanted to start with a bang, so to speak, and I think we have.
Leslie Moonves: All right. Look, losing Nina was not a good thing. She and I have worked together for 25 years and she's a wonderful executive. This became a lot easier to take because I had Glenn Geller who was running current programming. Now, current programming is probably the most underrated part of the company because they are the ones after the show is on the air, that sort of supervise all the existing episodes of all the shows, and Glenn is known to all of our producers. And he's known inside and outside of our group out in Los Angeles, and he's a great creative executive. You know what? We take shots when it's appropriate. We put on Supergirl. I think that surprised a lot of people, which obviously skews a bit younger than we would normally skew, and things of that nature. Once again, our bread-and-butter, people say, gee, you have too many procedurals. Well, at a $2 billion profit for both CSI and NCIS, I'll take boring any day of the week. There are a lot of sexy shows that are really cool. They get great reviews that fail. So we are taking some chances. We are experimenting a lot, but I don't mind being known as the bread-and-butter network. We win that way.
Leslie Moonves: Look, I'll start by talking about our summer strategy a couple years ago where we figured out with SVOD and international, our shows were basically paid for before we even began, before we put them on the air. We were able to put higher-priced programming on during the summer. As we look to what's happening with All Access and once again without giving numbers, we're very pleased with the results, and we feel like original programming is the next way to distinguish ourselves. We are going to roll that out fairly slowly. Once again as you look towards Showtime OTT and CBS All Access, will be there be an offering of them together? Very likely in the not-too-distant future to do that. And we haven't determined yet how we would distinguish that by original programming. At the moment, as I said, we took a very valuable piece of our own content and put it out there to sort of show what our future would be. But once again, CBS All Access and Showtime OTT are doing very well with their existing content. Showtime, obviously it's an easier way in. On CBS and on Showtime OTT, they both give people opportunity for catch-up, which so far has been a major driver of that, and now we'll give them something extra.
Leslie Moonves: Well, David, as Joe said, we don't give projections, we don't do that, but we're feeling pretty good about your theory. I wouldn't dispute any of those facts that you gave, but we're sitting here looking forward and we're feeling pretty darn good about what we see. We know what the Super Bowl's going to bring in already, we're fairly confident political's going to be huge, you're right about the extra AFC Championship games and the playoff games. In addition, we have more and more programming. We will have three – we will have Zoo plus two more originals in the summer. So forward-thinking without forward-thinking is pretty good.
Leslie Moonves: You mean are we looking to acquire anybody? Look, we love – Doug, you know we love content. We really do and we have obviously, with Showtime, CBS, CW, Showtime OTT, CBS All Access, we have room for content. Having said that, it would have to be a great opportunity for us. We've been cautious about doing that, we are a content company, we believe the world can have more content, we don't believe the guy who says oh, there's too much content. There never can be too much content and we want more of it. Right now we're fully equipped to produce a lot of shows. We have north of 30 shows ourselves in production, but if there's a great opportunity we'd certainly jump on it.
Leslie Moonves: Well, you know what, number one, these things do take time to hatch. I know in the new world of technology everybody expects things to happen right away. Verizon has the service that's out there, Sony has the service that's out there, obviously DISH has the service that's out there. Comcast is fooling around with ideas around the skinny bundle, so is Time Warner Cable. So I think, as time progresses, I think you'll see much more activity or they'll skip right to à la carte, in which case we'll do better either way. But I think there's no question that there's going to be a change from the 180-channel universe, that people will want more specificity on what they're watching.
Leslie Moonves: And regarding content for the smartphone, it's a very good question that we are wrestling with. Obviously with news and sports it's fairly easy to put together packages of smaller, shorter-length content. We can do excerpts from our football game and the headline news, which we are currently doing online as we speak. In addition, our late night guys lend themselves to smaller content putting on the Colbert monologue and the Corden karaoke, Carpool Karaoke, which is very successful. And then you look at the Entertainment content; what can we do? Obviously, Disney made a big investment in Maker Studio. We are doing that on a smaller scale internally, where we're exploring shorter forms of content where an entire series will be done in 60 minutes. In other words, 12 five-minute episodes and that right now is sort of in the early planning stages, and we've got to see how effective that is. But it certainly is something we are looking at for the future, and it is becoming an important worldwide piece of content.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the retrans, actually the FCC just came out with a very positive ruling in our favor, which basically said there had been some talk about being able to bring in signals from outside stations. Now, the head of the FCC said he's now removed that. So there's a clear path now for all retrans and reverse comp deals to go through without any governmental interference. So that's definitely a positive for us. Regarding the types of content that we do, look, between Showtime, CBS, The CW, first-run syndication, we do all sorts of different types of programming from The Price is Right to Judge Judy to The Good Wife to Homeland and Ray Donovan. And as you look towards, obviously, what we're going to put over-the-top, we've announced Star Trek is our first venture there. During the summer on CBS, we've done some more science fiction. We will see what the public wants. But as you can see, we are experts at producing all sorts of content for all sorts of people and all sorts of demographics. And we've succeeded on every single level. So we intend to continue doing that no matter what the platform is.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Jessica, it's Joe, on the measurement stuff, look, I mean, the chair we sit in, we focus on producing the best content. All we want is, all we're asking for in measurement companies, we want to measure all the eyeballs. And so we're very confident when you do that, we're going to be the number one company. So we're encouraging that. So hopefully Nielsen does that with this total audience Rentrak and comScore, as well. So again, as long as there's third parties doing that, I think, again, the position we're in is we produce the best content, so we're going to worry about that. And then I do think though there is, obviously, there is consumption outside of that that hopefully we'll be able to capture. As far as the spectrum auction goes, obviously they laid out a timetable of the rules. Our best guess is kind of the middle of 2016 we'll really kind of know a little bit more what we have. I think people will be going in and discussing some values, but we won't know anything really until the middle of 2016.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, David. It's Joe. Look, here's what I would say. Certainly on the network side, we sell C7, we sell C3. So we are monetizing that. Obviously, online we monetize that as well. The opportunity, really the way see it, is what is not being monetized. So, I think, we are monetizing more than what you're reading about in the live rating. And that's why Les has always said consistently is, we don't make programming decisions looking at that data. And nor – if you looked at ratings, it doesn't correlate to revenue. And I think that's a big misnomer. You just heard us today, we posted underlying up 8%. And I think, again, if you would look at that and you say well, underlying ratings aren't up 8%, and so it's all coming from price. And then we say, no. I said you got to look at it holistic. So that's the good news. But the better news is that there's still more to come. We are not fully monetizing all of the consumption. And I think again, as these measurement systems evolve because the consumer habits have changed so rapidly, that will correct itself, and there's more to come.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. In the fourth quarter, obviously we don't give guidance but again, and it's early in the fourth quarter, but we said that the scatter marketplace and advertising is continuing, so we're definitely seeing the price and it's coming – the demand is broad-based, which is really good news, but obviously we have two more months in the quarter, so we'll see how everything plays out, but we're feeling pretty good finishing the year. And like we said in our prepared remarks, I think there was a lot of questions on advertising. As we sit here year-to-date, up 3%, again and it accelerating, I think all things being equal, you look at that and you say a pretty good year. So we're confident that we can build on that going into 2016.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Thanks for the question. Obviously, I know who you're referring to. I'm well aware of their announcement. We're very comfortable with our leverage ratio. We've had conversations as early as yesterday with our agency. They're comfortable with our strategy. First and foremost, Anthony, I think we've been consistent in this; we are investing in our business, à la Star Trek and other franchises. So, the share buyback that we're going through is really optimizing our capital structure, reducing our cost of capital. And that has been our approach; that will continue to be our approach. We see no reason to continue to push beyond that from a leverage standpoint, just to buy back our shares.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, John, it's Joe. The sooner the better, really. We're pushing this and we hope the entire industry pushes it, but obviously the next really big wave is next year's Upfront. And we're going to have to keep pushing that with dynamic ad insertion as it continues to scale. So, we wish it was sooner, but I think again it is a sizable opportunity for us.
Joseph R. Ianniello: So David, thanks for writing our prepared remarks for next quarter. It's going to be very helpful, we'll go back to this.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, here's what we're seeing, Laura. We're seeing they're absolutely catching up on the library stuff. So that has tremendous value. On the CBS side, it's definitely a lot of value in the current season, so that's catch-up, so that drove into the new season. And they're watching twice as much content. So when they come in, they kind of like what they have so those are the super fans that we're really getting and we're feeling that there's an appetite out there – an on-demand world around their time. So we're giving them kind of choice and convenience and that really seems to be resonating as the early sign. So as we continue to roll out more and more content, I think that will build. What we're going to look at now is we're going to watch the Star Trek fans and going to see the usage go up over the next several months as they kind of just re-acclimate themselves with the franchise, so we are definitely seeing that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. I did say that and I can confirm that and the reason being, Omar, is the fixed cost space is now really laid. That was a 2015 investment that you saw this year, and so now as we drive subs, we anticipate that incremental revenue to fall to the bottom line. So that's the way we're anticipating it. And when you think about things like Star Trek, we're able to do that even though that's a 2017 event because the international demand, as I said, is so big, the net investment to us is relatively small. So, we're feeling pretty good about that. So we are saying yes, it will help our operating income growth next year.
Joseph R. Ianniello: We never assume anything is down Omar because again we have a deep library what it is, and as well as the international marketplace is growing. So yes, we won't have Elementary to sell, but we do have again all of those other episodes, so we can't sit here and say we're going to sell and force a sale. The marketplace really dictates when we sell something based on the demand. What I can tell you is obviously I would tell you today we received a lot of calls about Star Trek and our sales guys said that was terrific. That's not until 2017 but we've got a lot of other stuff to talk about. So there's always a conversation going on, so that's why we never budget anything to go down. And so we understand the comp and this year we had sold – last year we sold Hawaii Five-0, Dexter, and Californication. So okay, but that's a good thing for us to do and we're replenishing the pipeline each and every year. So, I don't look at when it hits in a quarter. I just look at are we replenishing the pipeline and that's really the color we try to provide to you guys.
Omar F. Sheikh: Good afternoon, guys. Just a couple questions from me. First of all, Joe, I think earlier you mentioned that...
Omar F. Sheikh: Sure, yes. Okay. Joe, earlier, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you said that CBS All Access and Showtime would contribute to operating income in 2016. Just wonder whether you could confirm that's what you said and maybe if you could help us understand what sort of content we should think about next year.
Omar F. Sheikh: Okay, great. That's clear. And just a second question was on content and licensing. Just thinking about the bucket, the close to $3 billion bucket in Entertainment. Obviously, you don't have – you won't have the Elementary revenues next year in 2016, but you mentioned that there were – there's 500 episodes that you are not yet monetizing. I just wonder whether you could help us understand how you're thinking about whether or not you are going to fill that $200 million gap next year with some of the content that you are monetizing. Or should we just assume that $3 billion bucket is going to be down year on year in 2016 versus 2015? Thanks.
