Leslie Moonves: Yes, Ben, it's a good question. Obviously, we have a very long-term deal on Sunday. We like that. And we're in the second year of one-year deals, and of course, for the right price, and we feel like we are currently paying the right price, we would like to extend the Thursday Night package, and we have been disciplined and, frankly, they have been a great partner. The discussions about All Access are ongoing. Obviously, the NFL is now experimenting with putting their games online and with digital opportunities, and we talk to them about it maybe once a week, if not more. We were there as recently as a few days ago, and our relationship with the NFL couldn't be stronger. And as I said earlier, it's the first time somebody has had a Thursday package, a Sunday package, along with the Super Bowl. So we are in a lot of discussion with them on a lot of fronts, and all those things that you mentioned are on the table.
Leslie Moonves: The strategy still works and Zoo is the highest-rated scripted programming of the summer, and by the way, the strategy of the original programming is based more on the afterlife. In other words, the deals that we have with Amazon and Netflix, plus the huge international appetite for our shows, so as I've said before, we currently have the three dramas on the air. They are profitable before we put them on the air. So you can anticipate us having at least three dramas and continue with Big Brother, which remains very profitable and keeps my wife employed. So it's a very good thing.
Leslie Moonves: Jessica, obviously what you've asked is the question of the day is how much can we know and how good can Nielsen be? C7 is a step in the right direction. Dynamic Ad Insertion is becoming much more visible to us, which means that we are getting paid now not only for the first seven days or the first three days or whatever it may be, but well beyond that. I think Nielsen's making major strides in that area, and there are other people who are entering the field so we are getting to the point where we're knowing more and more, and data, obviously, becomes more and more important in our selling tools. Our Internet guys and our national sales group are working hand-in-hand. As I mentioned before, it's the first time that most of the ads that are going to be on the Super Bowl are also going to be online at the same time. And we are learning a lot, and as you can see, as you can read, what Comcast is doing, what DISH is doing is the addressability is absolutely becoming clearer and clearer, and that only is good news for us. The more they know, the more we're going to be able to sell.
Leslie Moonves: All right. In terms of the first – our relations with our affiliates remains very strong, and they are very much a part of All Access and the 75% is actually a rather low number. It should be much higher than that. We are basically going to have the entire country before too long, or most of it. And once again, the thing that they appreciate greatly, it's the first time they've been cut into a deal like this where there's an online deal, there's an online service, and they're going to share in our revenue stream. Once again, I want to reiterate, the national service is available everywhere. It's only the part that's the live linear stream is where we need all of them onboard, and they are onboard. The good news as well is, as we talk about third-party services, our deals with them will include our being able to negotiate directly, and then make deals with our affiliates where they will be able to share in that. And that's built up over a good partnership, and obviously, it's going to be beneficial to us financially, and it's going to be beneficial to them financially. Sub count on All Access, we're not giving that out, as I'm sure you know. But needless to say, we are very pleased with where we are right now. It's going up considerably week-after-week, and as I said, when the fall season begins, which we're really excited about, and it's a month away, we think that number is going to continue to rise and we're very excited about it. And I will let Joe talk about 2017 and all our...
Leslie Moonves: And once again, the reason, we're once again confident in our schedule. We're confident that we will get a great percentage of the scatter, and as we said earlier in the call, people want to buy a little closer to the time when it goes on. So that's why the amount of the upfront, the volume was down a little bit. But it's something that truly does not concern us one iota.
Leslie Moonves: I wouldn't say that. You know what, they are, frankly in terms of programming, what's changed about the marketplace is, and we've mentioned it, is that the back end is becoming as important as the front end. So investing in more original programming for both CBS and Showtime offers so many more possibilities, which is why that we have increased the number of originals we have on CBS, and we are also increasing what's available on Showtime, because we are able to monetize it. Every time we order a new show, we have an entire game plan, so there is very little risk, and the upside is pretty tremendous when you can – when I put on a show like NCIS: New Orleans, three years from now, I know I'm going to be talking about hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in profit. And for us, the amount of original content is more important than the movies.
Leslie Moonves: Well, on this fight, Floyd Mayweather did better than CBS did. That's all I got to say. But you bring up a valid point. And look, for this fight, since it was such a huge fight, the economics with our traditional partners did change quite a bit. Looking forward, as you have digital assets that you own yourself, you could look even further out at putting it directly to the consumer, and we keep 100 cents of the dollar. That is something that obviously is coming. But we did fine on the Mayweather fight. We made a sizable amount of money. As I said, not nearly what Floyd or Manny made, but we did fine. And the system, the future looks better. And you bring up a very good point.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, look, you've made a valid point, one that we've been saying for a long time. As the world proceeds into the skinnier bundles, the smaller bundles, it does leave anxiety out there for a lot of companies. We are a big proponent, because guess what, every skinny bundle deal that's out there, and obviously we've made a few of them already, the ecosystem gets validated towards he who has the most viewers gets paid the most money. I know it's an odd concept for some of the cable companies, but that's the way it should be. We're sort of re-regulating what the system should be. So anytime there's a new bundle that you hear out there, you can assume that CBS is applauding it, because we are going to get paid more than we get paid by the traditional MVPDs. So we are one of the few companies that is very much in favor of it. Our major brands are CBS and Showtime. And as this world evolves and it is evolving, we are ready for it. We are ready for it, so it should be greeted well.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? It's early days with these services, as you know. I mean Showtime OTT is a month old or, you know, so we're looking at everything. And how do you distinguish yourselves, how do you make it special as special as you can? So we're looking at those things, as long as we remain contained and conservative about what we spend, but we are a content company and we know how to do content.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, David, if there's a rap on it, tell them we will take the Super Bowl every single year, year in, year out forever. So, you know what, if the incremental doesn't outweigh the amount of money you get per spot, what NBC got last year, it is very, very worth it. You are going to see it in revenue and in profit in 2016 and we love having it. We're very excited about having it. There's no downside.
Leslie Moonves: Well, we have five new shows and you mentioned the three dramas. Those are the three dramas and they are all extraordinarily good, and they're all extraordinarily different. We have two comedies of which I'm excited about as well, Life in Pieces and Angel from Hell. So they've acknowledged the three, and frankly, the media buyers generally are attracted more to drama initially and there haven't been a lot of big comedies recently, but we think we have a real good shot. Once again, we're not going to bat 1,000 but our batting average has been better than anybody's over the last decade, so we're feeling pretty good but thank you, buyers, for the compliments.
Leslie Moonves: Well, as I said in my thesis, which I think has been borne out, is that broadcast reaches a mass audience, and there are certain niche cable networks that are replaced by the Internet. So it might be more effective in reaching them. Once again, the proof of purchase from the Internet is not yet there as strongly as it is on broadcast. We fairly well know the results of it, and you won't see a major advertiser. You won't see in a major car company or a Procter & Gamble; most industries will not veer away from broadcast. Digital obviously is the brave new world, and we're part of it, but most digital advertising is actually off network product that you find digitally. So that is a big, big part of it. And we still feel very bullish. There's a reason year-after-year our CPMs go up and the broadcast business is in better shape than basic cable.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, initially or obviously, our initial deals with the SVoD companies incorporated a huge amount of library product. And there were a huge amounts of money that took place, exchanged hands over it; hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and as the model evolved, obviously, they went into wanting more recent series on the air, and they have put on a certain amount of original content, but once again, as I mentioned, regarding our summer programming, we have deals with Netflix and with Amazon to put them on a few days after we're on the air. Our franchises also, of which we have just sold CSI, we've sold NCIS to the SVoD services, bring in a huge amount of content. Remember, these are shows that had literally 200 episodes, 300 episodes at a time, plus the international SVoD marketplace is expanding all the time, as I mentioned. The big players are there, and now the local players are there, so our business with the SVoD services has evolved, and it's different than it was before, but it is still lucrative, and it's still beneficial to us.
Leslie Moonves: The marketplace – look, the general marketplace in terms of Western Europe obviously is our biggest place; it's our biggest source. The U.K., Germany, France; those companies do extraordinarily well and Canada remains, obviously, a major, major place for us to do business. So those are the major highlights.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Jessica, it's Joe. I will take the first part of it. Certainly, as we said, every 1 million subscribers equals $100 million of profit. So it's not a whole lot of subscribers for us to breakeven. So clearly, that's not a metric we're even looking at. We fully expect it to be incremental margin dollars, and again, we do think we're addressing those 10 million only broadband-only households as we're seeing those subs grow nicely, and there's no erosion to the base business. So we do think it's incremental. Looking at international, international, the upside, I think, is great. It starts with making sure we own the intellectual property. And I think that was a strategy we put in place years ago to make sure we owned our shows and worldwide rights. So obviously, we can certainly export Showtime OTT internationally within certain windows, but we use Bell Canada as another example of working with a local partner to basically have a Showtime over-the-top service and make the money that way. So we're trying to be indifferent and being flexible to what the opportunity is, but basically, the fundamental theory is the content is working, the brand is working, and Showtime we have to think about as a global brand.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, David, I think you're right. I think, again, we sold Elementary up to three seasons, about 66 episodes; so clearly, there is a trend in the industry that we think it's actually positive for some of our franchises to get it into syndication sooner than four years. So I think you're thinking about it right. I think all the shows Les mentioned, the six hits, now, again, I wouldn't think about it just on CBS, think about CW and Showtime as well. So we are replenishing that pipeline that we can monetize probably in 2017. I think that probably makes the most sense for us, but if you recall a few years ago, we had like five shows going into syndication in one year, and it was all the fruits of the labor that we are planting right now, so that's why we're very optimistic about our future.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe. Yes, look, it's definitely demand across the board. Obviously, we have inventory, because, you know, that's why you don't sell out 100% of the Upfront because again, you want to have that scatter available, and we're taking advantage of it. As Les said, the price increases are double digits. If I was just looking at a couple of categories, auto and healthcare are two categories that are really spending here in the scatter. So when you see big categories coming across and putting more dollars, I think their buying habits may be changing over time, but at the end of the day, they're buying franchises, the strength and stability that only a few broadcast companies really offer, and we're the beneficiary of that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, look, again, obviously, you guys know this and that it's all timing of when those shows are available. So if I'm just looking at the back half of this year, Elementary, as we just heard on a previous question, will be made available. That deal is done, so that will happen in the back half of this year. So I mean, last year we had it more going in into first cycle availabilities than we did this year. That being said, international is growing faster as well. There's more players out there. We continue to re-up our library portion. And we never make excuses, and we never budget or forecast to make less money than we did the previous year. So our sales guys, we think, have a lot of content to sell, and we expect them to do that and maximize the value. But I can't predict when a deal happens and when it doesn't happen. It'll be all timing of when the marketplace is. But the good news is it's a very competitive marketplace, and that bodes well when you have beachfront property.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Why do you say surprisingly? We're not surprised. No, no, Doug, look, again – well that's why we're – look, again, we're obviously, you know, we're playing to get millions of subscribers, not hundreds of thousands. I think again the good news for us is we're seeing that each and every day and we're doing that without the NFL content at $6 a month. So again, back to the skinny bundle, back to the price point where we are. We're looking at the marketplace saying our broadband offering was clearly consumers have an appetite for growing rapidly at the highest price point we have in the marketplace. So you should assume we want to lean into that and continue to push on that, but clearly we're not going to get into, we hit 1 million this month or next month or whatever month, it doesn't really matter. I think the key is each and every day it's growing.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Doug, I would just add to this, look, there's low-hanging fruit. I think, again, our thesis is there's a demand out there that we don't have to invest more in content. It's there, the price point for the subs was such that they couldn't have access to Showtime and/or CBS. So we're clearly as we both said on our remarks, we're investing in the future that we spend $11 billion of cost each year, and we do pullback on other areas and lean into other areas. I mean, obviously you saw us take out $70 million of cost in there. That allows us to reinvest for growth, and I think that's the key. It's what we understand how to allocate capital and where to lean in and where to lean out.
