Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Ben, it's Joe. I'll -- let me take the first part, and then let Les answer the second part. Look, obviously, the Outdoor transaction is unlocking tremendous value, and it's creating financial flexibility. I think there's no question in that, again, evidence our actions today. And the revenue mix, I think more importantly in our business is obviously becoming more predictable, steady and recurring, so that gives us obviously a lot more confidence. So we're going to continue to evolve our thinking on leverage. But obviously, again, as we keep -- our focus is always going to be on returning value to our shareholders, so we're going to continue to move that forward. But again, there's tremendous amount of financial flexibility being created here. I don't have a target number, a specific, exact number, because it's always again evolving. But again, as I said is, we certainly have more confidence in a steady recurring revenue stream.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Jessica, for the retrans number, I think when you combine it with reverse comp, we've said 2013, we're going to approach the halfway mark to that $1 billion we gave you. So nearly $500 million for 2013, so we're well on our way.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. It's Joe. Look, first thing is, we have total optionality. We preserve all options on the table. We think, again, this unlocks the greatest amount of value, but there's a variation to a spinoff if you just focus again on CBS shareholder for a second, a split off as you know is an exchange offer, so where we would exchange the shares from Outdoor Newco for CBS, so it could act as another share retirement kind of program. So really, just -- there are a lot of different technologies out there to really to get at the value. So that's why we say we look at this as a currency, and we're able to basically unlock the value. So as a CBS shareholder, you win either way. You either had 2 pieces of paper, 1 piece of paper, but either way, it's greater than its whole.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Michael, on local, for the fourth quarter, we definitely saw people buy around political. Political was a record fourth quarter for us for presidential. So we definitely see some categories buying around it. If I was going to single one out, it'd be retail, maybe there was some uncertainty around the fiscal cliff and other things. But as I said, in my remarks, that category in particular has come back nicely in Q1. So we're pretty positive on the local categories.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, okay, Doug, it's Joe. Back to -- there is a lot of work getting done. And there are a lot of people probably listening to this call who are working on that transaction. So I'm not sure why they are listening to the call, they should probably get back to work. But we're confident in that timetable. Obviously, we will be filing with the IRS. We think 6 to 9 months is sufficient. There's obviously an SEC process as well, so that will go on simultaneously. But we're confident we can get that done with the right team around that. So -- but there is a lot of work. As far as the proceeds, obviously, we're open to everything, but as we sit here today, we see our best and highest use of buying back our stock. And so we're going to focus on doing that. That works. And we are transforming the company with just executing on our strategic vision as you're seeing the mix change. So we don't need an acquisition to do that. I think again, we've demonstrated that today and we continue to do that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Just got to be -- the revenue has got to feed into a QRS or a TRS. So it's either qualified or not qualified. So we have some smart guys figuring out how to map revenue. We know how to collect the money, and we just got to put it in the right bucket.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, sure. I think your number from $180 million is in the ballpark, Laura. Very close. Again, like I said earlier, a record presidential. The midterm election revenue is higher. I would generally say, 20-plus percent higher in that kind of range. So again, we're looking forward to 2014.
Joseph R. Ianniello: There is no hard date, David. We're going to maximize value for our shareholders. So if a superior transaction comes along, we'll certainly consider it. Our focus and intent is doing it. We think we're maximizing value with this transaction, but obviously we're always going to be rational business folks, and we're going to listen to anything that's presented.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, let me start with the -- Alan, let me start with the REIT. Again, we haven't made any of those decisions, but if you would just look historically at REITs, I think kind of plus or minus 4x has been a range of leverage that seems like other people in similar industries have put on it. So it can certainly support that level, potentially even a little bit more. So that's kind of going in. And the international business, again, it is saddled with a tough contract in London as we're all well aware. That does expire in early 2015. So that's the good news. So it did lose some money in 2012, but again, really as a result of that one contract. Obviously, excluding that contract, it's nicely profitable.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, all we can say is, hundreds of millions of dollars. We're not going to get into specific numbers, but it's hundreds of millions of dollars. We haven't cracked $1 billion per year yet, but we're well on our way.
Joseph R. Ianniello: The answer is yes. On the second part of your question, I think we said in the remarks that the tax payment contributed to all of the loss. And U.S. usually always leads the way, so when I said low to mid, I think you should assume the U.S. is going to lead the pack there. But obviously, we have operations in Canada, Mexico and South America. So that's all, obviously, focused on the local economies. But again, it's the category or the segment is attracting broader advertising categories. So what we like about it, it's not dependent on one particular category. So there's a lot of diversity, we have geographic diversity as well. So we feel pretty good about its prospects.
Joseph R. Ianniello: It's comped now. Yes, this quarter, so the fourth quarter was the last difficult comp for the Toronto contract.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Ben. And on the ratings, as we've said, the ratings this fall were a little more difficult to read, number one. Number one, there were a number of preemptions because of political. The season started a bit late. In addition, obviously, the amount that were watching live is only about 60%. So at first blush, looking at what those ratings are were sort of hard to read. And then there's the normal sampling of the new stuff, yet we said, guys just hang on. We're going to be fine, and we are fine. We're ahead. We are better than even. We're ahead going into February. We're winning February sweeps by a lot, and that's more than just these special events that we've had. And as we look down the road, as we're looking towards May, once again, we've ordered a couple of more pilots than we have in previous years, but as I mentioned, the pedigree is pretty phenomenal about who we have, and it's going to be hard to get on our schedule. In terms of types of programming, we -- I'm going to say the same thing I said for 18 years. The best shows are going to get on the schedule, whether it's a comedy, a drama, a procedural drama or not. My guess is, they aren't going to be a lot of new shows like it was last year, which enables us to sell even better, where our ratings are extraordinarily good. And we should lead the pack as it comes to the upfront. And I think we're going to have a few new shows, and we're not going to need very much.
Leslie Moonves: I'll do the first, and I'll let Joe do the second. Regarding AXS, it's sort of going to operate the way it is. Having the power of CBS, I'm sure we'll be able to increase affiliate fees, but it's not going to be part of our negotiation. We'll help out. We'll join in when possible and when probable. And in terms of content, we have an awful lot of live programming, and this is going to involve some of the shoulder programming that we do. For instance, backstage at the Grammys or pre-shows and post-shows. The Friday night event this past week at the Grammys. The tribute to Bruce Springsteen. That was on AXS. So we're going to work with them to provide a lot of content, and it's great to be in business with Mark Cuban and Tim Leiweke. They're good guys to be in business with, and it's a very exciting new prospect for us.
Leslie Moonves: So no matter how you look at it, David, as Joe said, the key is optionality. But any way we do a transaction or a deal, anything that happens, it is good for our investors. There will either be a retirement of shares. There'll be capital to buy back shares, et cetera, et cetera. So we think everybody's going to win by this.
Leslie Moonves: You know what, I'll do the second question first, and Joe, you could talk about local. The sports -- that's exactly right. The initial reason for acquiring it way back when was to combine it with our sports operation, which it is now fully doing. And when you look at the breadth of our sports profile now with our Sports Radio network, our Cable Network and CBS Sports, one of the keys to making the Sports Network work is getting more games, more original programming, and we're doing that using the talent and some of the rights fees. So when we go in with CBS to get a basketball conference for rights, we will always include some additional games for the CBS Sports Network, and that invariably is happening with just about every new contract we have. So as we walk in and get paid for this network, the quality of the games, the quality of what it is becomes bigger and bigger. And we think the fees, we're already seeing the fees go up, and it's becoming quite profitable for us.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, and then the thing that's significant to add on to that is how much the scatter is improving as we've gotten into the first quarter or frankly right after the election in December. I think they were holding back, but when we see the pacing right now in the first quarter, specifically retail and some of the other ones, we're very encouraged.
Leslie Moonves: Look, in terms of -- we're obviously that -- it's something that I mentioned earlier, the thing -- we're talking to people about doing -- there are certain shows that will fit more appropriately to being sold previous season of current shows and there are couple of those shows that could fit into that sort of situation. And once again, it can unlock a lot of money. As we've seen from the Under the Dome deal, and people say, gee this is a new kind of deal for you. And it absolutely is. And frankly, to put on that kind of quality programming in the summer, we needed to do an exclusive deal with Amazon on a deal that takes place only 4 days after airing, so it's a brand new model for us. So as we have been maybe somewhat more conservative than some of our competitors about that, what we're doing is studying the SVOD market. We're studying the digital market. And we're choosing how to make our deals. And the deals we're making today are deals we may not have made 2 years ago, now that we know a lot more about the marketplace. Obviously, to renew an Amazon deal is very productive. We're obviously still doing deals with Netflix all the time. Intel, we're obviously in conversations with, as they are with all content suppliers. The good news, Hulu continues to knock on our door, and should I say, Hulu Plus more specifically. The good news about us, and we've said this over and over again, we have the library and the current content that everybody wants. So our job is just to make the right deals, and I think we are.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Yes. I mean, what's interesting about the international marketplace, is often the digital suppliers are the same people that are the cable or the broadcaster there. So our international groups are selling to different people in the territory, but it's country-by-country and obviously Netflix is growing there. So the great news, once again, I keep reiterating. I'm a broken record. They all want the content in as many places as they can get it, and we're happy to give it to them.
Leslie Moonves: There are -- frankly, it's all of the above. Obviously, it's increases in current deals that we currently have. We also have the ability, as you know, to take shows at our discretion, put them into the deal, if we take them off the CBS Television Network, which is a possibility, and in addition, there are certain shows where previous seasons of current shows will be out there in some of those arrangements. So the good news is, there are a lot of opportunities in every way, shape or form.
Leslie Moonves: Laura, my sales department will kill me. I am not going to make -- last year, I said double digits, and we only had 9%. The year before, I said double digits, and we had 12% to 13%. So it's a bit early to make the prediction. We're going to be up, but I'm not going to give you a number right now, but I'm feeling very confident.
Leslie Moonves: No, we can't do that. We can't quantify that x the contract. But I will just tell you, it's out there and obviously we're going to be looking at indicative bids based on that number.
Leslie Moonves: Okay, regarding Showtime. We made a decision a few years ago to devote much more money into original programming than these output deals. Having said that, we have 2 big deals currently. One's with Harvey Weinstein's company and one's with DreamWorks. So for instance this year, we have 3 of the 9 Academy Award winners having paid a lot less. We have Django. We have Silver Linings, and we have Lincoln, which is pretty good, as well as a couple of smaller movies from CBS Films, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, which got nominated for a number of Golden Globe Awards. So that strategy clearly has worked for us. Showtime has grown quite a bit every single year and people are coming to Showtime more for their original series than for the movies. Netflix obviously is in a different business than we are. They are buying libraries. They're buying film libraries. They are buying groups of current films, and it's a different model. That works for them. HBO also buys a lot more films than we do, but our strategy clearly is working. Our growth has been pretty phenomenal, and we will continue to do original series. Regarding C7, once again, we're in conversations with advertisers. Obviously, Nielsen has the capacity to give us those numbers immediately. How quickly that will be implemented, I don't know. I don't know if it will be ready for this year's upfront. But clearly, we are heading for that. The good news about Nielsen is, they are measuring more and more of digital sites, and they are able to give us much more accurate information. So as a result, our content keeps growing in what it's worth as Nielsen gets these -- does these numbers better, and there's a full-scale effort to be able to -- I've mentioned DVRs and digital and SVOD and as soon as we can aggregate them all, we get more money.
