Leslie Moonves: All right, Ben. I'll do the first question and Joe will do the second one. The upfront sort of played out exactly like we would've planned, exactly as we drew up the playbook. All the blocking and tackling worked. If you recall, before the upfront began, a few weeks before or a month before, I said we were looking for double-digit pricing, and if that was the case we would attempt to sell in the high 70s percentage of our inventory, which is exactly what we did. We like holding back about 20%, a little over 20% for scatter because the scatter marketplaces increases to be strong. We saw an incredible scatter through first quarter, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter of last year and we continue to do this. So as I said, we got double digits, we got the volume we wanted, and as I said, we couldn't have drawn it out any better. We were extremely pleased. It closed quickly, cleanly and in a very positive manner, so let the games begin.
Leslie Moonves: And the only thing I would like to add to that is in the comparison to HBO, I would say when you look at our programming, one would say our programming, we have more major hits than they do across the board, therefore it's not at all surprising to us that we're sort of doing what they're doing and maybe a little bit better. I don't know.
Leslie Moonves: The only thing I would say is when you see scatter pricing, which we saw in the fourth quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter north of 30% beyond the upfront, we were licking our chops going into the upfront knowing how healthy the marketplace would be. In addition, once again, a lot more of the statistics came out about digital advertising and its effectiveness and as I said in my remarks, during the earnings call, digital advertising works better along with broadcast, and broadcast, when you have a show like NCIS, which has 20 million viewers a week, and Big Bang, which has 20 million a week, it is hard to duplicate that. So when you see scatter pricing like that, I think advertising agencies say, you know what, even though there's double-digit pricing at the upfront marketplace, I better get on in the game here or else I'm going to have to pay a lot more later on. And because of those two factors, as I said, this came out where we anticipated it, where we wanted it, and it all made sense to us.
Leslie Moonves: Mike, I'm not going to talk directly about Viacom. As I said, we feel very complete, we feel like we're competing. You can see by the results from this quarter, from last quarter, we have everything that we want. We're not going to conjecture about potential acquisitions or M&As. It's not something we're at all dealing with now. We look at every potential acquisition or every M&A opportunity. We looked at Starz before that deal was made with Lionsgate. We look at other opportunities that are out there, and we weigh them and we see what is going to be best for CBS. We feel like we're dealing from a position of strength and we're not going to do anything that's going to reduce that strength, and that's how we look at the world.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I'm not going to give specifics, but as I said on late night, number one, we own the shows. The Colbert Show costs a lot less than Letterman did, and James Corden has become a national phenomenon with his Carpool Karaoke and his Drop The Mic. And ownership of these shows means we can distribute them internationally, and there's a lot of money coming in that way. So we see the prospects of our late night doing extremely well. Regarding the news, you know the majority of the money is in the morning, and as I said, we are having our best numbers in three decades. With Charlie, Gayle and Norah, we have a great product on the field, and once again the advertising numbers are going up considerably there. Daytime is up, all the other rest of news is up, so virtually every daypart has a really good story. Football is selling well. So I hate to sound Pollyanna-ish, but this is as good an upfront as I've seen in primetime in a long time and probably in every other daypart as well.
Leslie Moonves: 727 episodes in their entirety. And as Joe referred to earlier, the reason the Netflix buy was so healthy, they already have seen what Star Trek is doing on their service from day one. It performed extraordinarily well. That is one of the reasons why we decided to put it on All Access to obviously help build our own subs. But going forward, obviously we're doing 13 episodes initially with Star Trek. We are fairly certain, although we haven't done one day of production, this series is going to go on for a while and we have spinoffs of spinoffs. And it's a very, very valuable franchise that can turn into hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue for us.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, football is still the best game in town. I mean that literally and figuratively. The pricing has gone up, I could tell you for a fact. The CPM numbers have gone up once again. Ratings we expect to be up or even if they're the same, we're still going to do fine. We love our Thursday package in the beginning of the year, very cost-effective. There's nothing like it. There's nothing like it and we can't wait for the preseason to begin.
Leslie Moonves: It's very interesting. Carpool Karaoke, number one, it's a music-related show. Apple offered us an extremely good deal. It also opens up Apple to being another buyer to us, and we're the first one in the marketplace there. And look, every piece of content, we evaluate what the short-term gain is and the long-term gain, and we think it fits really well with Apple Music. Clearly their music service has gone from zero to many millions of subs really quickly, and they're very excited about promoting it. And remember, Carpool Karaoke will revert back to our late night show, and there's cross-promotion for it. So it's good to have a lot of the suppliers in the marketplace, a lot of buyers, and we're happy to be in business with Apple.
Leslie Moonves: Yeah, one of the things we said was, remember Showtime is only at about 24 million households. There are about 80 million households do not get it. So now by doing this and obviously where we're over 1 million with Showtime, these are people who now have easier access to Showtime. And with Star Trek coming for All Access, we're going to even increase that, so we think they are additional viewers. And as Joe said, it's a broader demographic than we're used to, so we're pleased about it.
Leslie Moonves: Well, number one, Showtime and CBS develop separately. They have their own creative groups. They are led by two different guys, David Nevins over at Showtime and Glenn Geller at CBS, and they both report in to me, and the quality of the content is great. Pure Genius, we're very excited, it was sort of a sleeper hit. Is it profitable going into Thursday night? Just about. There's certainly a good sales on for it. Look, I've been doing this long enough not to predict what the hits are going to be versus what the misses are going to be and it's hard to tell. I often point back to CSI, it was the 9 o' clock show on Friday night, and we had a show that I thought was going to be a hit at 8 o' clock called The Fugitive. We were doing a remake of – with Tim Daly. That was going to be the big hit and by week two, we realized CSI was the big hit. So Pure Genius is a very unusual show, it's a real quality show, the production values are great and we're hoping for it. There are other shows I would actually place bigger bets on, but I'm not going to say what they are.
Leslie Moonves: Yeah, we are virtually at 100% of the country on our All Access on their sign-up. Which, I don't think any other network and affiliate body has this close a relationship as we do and as Joe was saying, they appreciate it. They get a piece of the action on All Access, and so it's been very supportive. They signed up for Sony Vue and allowed us to act on behalf of them nationally, and we think that will continue with the other services.
Leslie Moonves: I don't know what the model quite is for some of these streaming rights that these guys are getting. I know they're paying a lot of money, and clearly these sports leagues are – they want to expand how people are watching their shows. So it seems to be working out right. We are looking forward to – we have the NCAA basketball tournament in All Access. We don't have the NFL yet, but we hope to have that sometime in the future. And all the leads are very smart, they're very savvy about what's going on digitally and they were all part of it as are we. So we're looking at it together.
Leslie Moonves: Laura, in terms of the bundle we have zero subs that are sold together. There will eventually be a package where you can get Showtime OTT and CBS All Access together at a potential slight discount, but as of now these 2 million are not crossed whatsoever so they're not bundled. Regarding the weekly, I guess you're referring to that Star Trek is going to be put out one episode at a time. We think that's the right way to go in this, and we think that's the better way to go. The Showtime version is the monthly as opposed to launching in a quarter two shows at the same time, we have spread it out so that there's a new show, there's a new offering on Showtime once a month or thereabouts all the way. It's not only to help streaming. It's just to help viewership in general. I think people want more new stuff and they'd rather have one beginning in September, one beginning in October and then two beginning in September. So we're doing that. We think it's the right way to do it and we are different than Netflix in a lot of ways.
Joe Ianniello: And, Ben, on your second question regarding OTT, really what's driving the growth, again, is the original series we're seeing that. I think, again, as we just debuted the new season of Ray Donovan, we saw a surge in subs, so clearly that's the driver. The service is doing fantastic on both Hulu and Amazon. So that continues to plug away. And yes, look, I think we gave you the math on the revenue. So there's a direct correlation to subs and revenue in the OTT space and it is our highest margin revenue for obvious reasons. We take the largest share as opposed to our distributors getting a pretty fair take in that. So, again, you should expect to see that impact revenue.
Joe Ianniello: Well, Alexia, it's Joe. Clearly, we went to the marketplace and we looked at what would be the best deal for this franchise. Netflix obviously had the previous seasons before, so they knew it was working, so it worked for that demo, a streamer. It was one deal as opposed to executing 100 different deals in different countries, so that played – and by the way, it was a lot of money and in U.S. dollars. So when you looked at it and summed it all up, it just made sense.
Joe Ianniello: Hey, Mike, it's Joe. Our deal with Charter expires next year, so I think the good news is, one way or the other, we get to reset it to current fair market value. So we look forward to that. So I wouldn't anticipate any big swings either way between any of those deals. But, again, the good news is next year I'm sure we'll be talking to them and, again, we like the hand we have with CBS and Showtime, and our strength in these negotiations is the content and the ratings we have to back it up, and that's again is fundamental to our revenue growth.
Joe Ianniello: Well, Tim, it's Joe. Here's what I'd say. Obviously the fourth quarter, really our local TV is the biggest driver. There is absolutely a spillover and we always think that each side of the aisle should use radio more, but it certainly will benefit, so I do think it will build into the fourth quarter for sure. But that does obviously take away just pure supply and demand. Other categories have to find a place. So if that they can't buy in this, what we do is we'll figure out a way to if they want local, maybe we can sell them network. If they want network, maybe we could piece together 10 national local spots. So we're basically working with all of our advertising clients' categories, but clearly there's going to be a lot less inventory on a local basis in Q4 particularly, but building from Q3.
Joe Ianniello: No. Look, again, we'd love to think there's more synergy than there probably is. Our guys are selling separately today. They compete against each other. We like it that way and that's it. So it's just everybody knows what they have to do. So I don't really see cannibalizing or deflating anywhere. I think again it's I think they use them because it's effective. They have the data. It's an industry. We have certain stations. We have 27 television stations, 118 radio stations. There are thousands of them. So it's not exactly this separation is going to change the marketplace.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Brian, it's Joe. Look, I would tell you, I think everybody wants better measurements. We want eyeball counted. In this day and age, it feels like the technology should just be there and accepted. Obviously we have data. Cable systems have data. You have to be a third-party referee. I think Nielsen's kind of leading the way. There's obviously some competitors that they have. So we've always said is, if we deliver the eyeball, we just expect to count it towards what we delivered. And whatever screen it's on, so it's evolving. Obviously we don't have a whole lot of patience and stuff with it, but clearly we're doing that and we are starting to monetize VOD significantly.
Joe Ianniello: Barton, it's Joe. Here's what I would say. Obviously younger, think about it as 40-something-ish in that kind of zip code. It skews slightly female but close, and they consume double the amount of content. So, again, I think when Les mentioned Star Trek, it was an informed decision by doing it because we had a lot of the data. So we have a lot more data when we're able to program for these services. So I would say again, it's what you'd expect it, but I would tell you this, it's coming from the broadband-only households and so it's that kind of 12 million folks, so we don't think people cut or switch, we think they add it. So out of our couple of million subscribers, they probably also have a Netflix subscription as well. And so again it's the convenience, it's the content on the go, it's ease-of-use, it's all of that stuff that's really driving and obviously again, the original series is really the anchor.
Joe Ianniello: Yeah, David [ph] look, we don't anticipate where our taxes are going to go down, I think this has been consistent effort in the low 30%s. We are a full taxpayer, most of our income is generated in the United States, so we're banking on producing great content and doing it as efficiently as possible. And that's really the focus.
Joe Ianniello: Look, I'd say, Marci, it's a modest ramp. Again, we're going to do it into the growth because again as you saw, you saw margin expansion as we're launching these new services and stuff like that. So it's going to be more driven around the content, the timing of the release of that. And so there's definitely much more growth that we see in terms of the subs, and we will market it, we're obviously marketing within the CBS family because we reach 99% of households on a weekly basis. So I mean, that's the benefit we have of who we are and stuff. But they spend their own marketing dollars, their dedicated marketing dollars to them, and so that will continue like any business rollout.
Joe Ianniello: Yeah, look, I mean, they've struck deals on Sony Vue because we've done that with them, so I think our model might be a little different than others. We're bringing the affiliates along in the skinny bundle OTT and they participate in CBS All Access, they participate in Sony Vue, so we think it's a win-win for them. They bring the local content they have, we bring the national and we think that formula works. And I think again, demonstrated we've done 100 of these with our affiliates signed up for us, so I think again that seems to be the formula. So we're actually pretty excited about the relationships between network and affiliates going forward.
Joe Ianniello: Okay. Steven, the cash flow is real simple for the Super Bowl. It got counter paid within 30 days, so the Super Bowl aired in February, we got all of our money in Q1 so there's no any receivables we're waiting to get paid for the Super Bowl. Obviously, if you just look historically at us, Q4 is a big cash flow quarter for us. Political, it's COD, cash on delivery because in case candidates don't win, they lose, they don't pay, yeah, they don't want to pay so we get that money upfront, so if you want to look at our days sales outstanding, that will decrease in the fourth quarter so we expect to have a strong finish to cash flow.
Joe Ianniello: And the last part of your question, Laura, I'd like to think that we're the most innovative media company and I think the distributors, the tech companies come to us, a) because of the quality of the content, and as you point out, we're kind of a free-agent. We didn't put all of our content into a joint venture. We control it 100%, the intellectual property and we make decisions based on each individual franchise and don't have any corporate edicts that say we don't do this or that. I think we look at it holistic. I think they appreciate that and we're open to doing a lot of business with them.
