Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Look, I’m incredibly excited about the launch of Paramount Plus in early ‘21. It’s going to be a truly differentiated and compelling offering that’s unlike anything that’s really out there today. And look, as a reminder, Paramount Plus is building on CBS All Access, a product that already has strong momentum, as you’ve seen in the metrics in the third quarter. That said, Paramount Plus is going to be live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. Look at live sports, includes the NFL, the SEC, UEFA, PGA Golf, the NCAA and more. The breaking news side, it will be live CBS News anytime from CBSN, live local news from CBS stations, key new shows like 60 Minutes and more to be announced. And then there’s the mountain of entertainment from our flagship brands, which are Paramount, CBS, Nickelodeon, MTV, BET, Comedy Central, Smithsonian. It really provides us strength in a whole set of key genres, reality, crime procedurals, kids, films and more. It will appeal across demographics, everything from preschoolers to 50 plus. Of course, it’s going to be available on demand but has some live elements. And, it’s going to have a very strong original slate, many based on franchises that come from across the brands that are represented in the service. I’d also point out that the consumer response from our preview launch -- and remember, in late July, we added 3,500 episodes from Viacom brands as well as about 190 Paramount films. That consumer response was strong and really served as proof-of-concept that’s given us the confidence to lean in. The response includes growing subscribers and a significant decrease in the average age. The average age of new subs came down by almost 10 years and was more diverse. We saw material increase in time spent. That included more than doubling time spent with film, and Viacom content becoming a strong double-digit part of overall consumption. So, no question, the product is working. The plan now is to continue to add content. That will be about 10,000 additional hours. Of course, rebrand CBS All Access to Paramount Plus in early ‘21, and that will be the time when the original slate also has expanded further to encompass the flagship brands. The last thing I’d say is the response to us selecting Paramount Plus as a brand has been overwhelmingly positive. So, lots to be excited about here around Paramount Plus, and we see substantial incremental growth ahead.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. So, first, in terms of the streaming org, probably three things that I should highlight. First, as I mentioned in my remarks, we recently created this combined organization under Tom Ryan, to enhance our ability to create value from the combined asset base. Now look, and particularly, that’s really about maximizing the benefit of us operating in both, the pay and free space. I see that combination of having a range of benefits. It will advantage us in terms of increasing lifetime value, including helping manage SAC and churn, and integrated model also facilitates sharing of tech, data and analytics. And I believe an integrated model will facilitate a more sophisticated approach to windowing across our streaming services. The second thing you should know is that, as part of this change, Tom Ryan joins our Content Council, and that means he’s partnering with our content leadership as they execute on a multi-platform mandate. Our brand leads, you know them, Jessica, George Cheeks, Jim Gianopulos, Chris McCarthy, David Nevins, Brian Robbins, they are the best in the business. And they are now aligned with Tom to ensure we put the full weight of our Company behind our streaming aspirations. I believe that enables a stronger team and allows us also to extract benefits from outside streaming from which to drive streaming, things like traditional reach and our broader IP portfolio, including importantly, as related to key franchises. And by the way, we’re already seeing that benefit in terms of our plans for Paramount Plus and for Pluto TV. The last thing you should look -- you should look at this really in the context of our overall execution as one ViacomCBS. As you know, Jessica, since day one of the merger, I’ve been focused on harnessing the combined power of this Company. And you’ve seen us move quickly to integrate key functions, both on the commercial and strategic services side to really benefit from that. It’s a powerful model. It’s already working in many ways. And I believe there’s much more to come. On the upfront side, look, we’re doing an upfront -- a virtual upfront in fact, in the middle of COVID-19 was something no one had ever experienced before. But, I’m really happy with where we ended up. I think, the team did a phenomenal job really benefiting from our asset base. We were up low single digits on price. And we were very careful with volume holding back inventory, so that we have inventory to sell in scatter. And as you know, Jessica, scatter market today is very robust. We’re seeing historically high premiums versus the upfront, higher than pre-COVID, by the way. And we’re seeing scatter to scatter in broadcast in double digits and then in cable in high singles. So, that market is robust. You want to have inventory to play there. We will. On the digital side of the upfront, demand was very solid, up versus last year’s upfront. It’s another reason why I love our position with Pluto. It’s a -- because if you think about Pluto for a second, it’s a solution to our clients’ need for high-quality video reach in today’s marketplace, and it’s a solution to our needs for impressions to drive growth. And when you look at the numbers, it’s a solution that’s clearly working, and it has room to run. So, again, a different upfront than any of us have ever experienced, but I feel very good about how we’re exiting it. And it is a good base to build on going into ‘21.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Alexia. So, let me start by saying, I couldn’t be happier with our decision to acquire Pluto in late 2018. It’s an amazing asset and it’s growing even faster than we had hoped, never mind planned, but hoped at the time. And look, you heard the message today. The momentum is unquestionable in both usage and monetization. If you recall, we closed on that deal in March of ‘19. And we quickly talked about it being a long-term opportunity of having $1 billion in revenue. I think, people thought we were crazy when we said that. But, given the growth we’ve experienced since then, our ambitions have actually grown from there. Why? Because as I said, really to my last answer, it’s an amazing thing, it’s a solution to the marketplace need for high-quality video reach, and it’s a solution to us needing more impressions to sell. It’s a great intersection. In terms of the category and competitors, look, the category is very strong, but the good news is we have the number one FAST service. So, are we feeling any pressure? No, not -- I mean look at the revenue growth rates, Pluto more than doubled in the quarter. And again, it’s got tremendous momentum. With respect to your question on Comedy Central and HBO Max, look, our content licensing strategy -- I think there’s really two things to think about here. One is content licensing is an important business; but two is, our strategy is clearly evolving, particularly with Paramount Plus. So, first, in terms of the content licensing business, we have a tremendous asset base in content, both from a library -- film library of 4,000 titles, TV library of 140,000 episodes, current series production of 750 series globally. We can’t keep all that for our self. It doesn’t make sense. It’s too much. And, we do have strong demand from third parties because we are proven hit-makers. And that demand, we can reliably and profitably monetize it, and we do. And remember, the monetization is overwhelming a rental model, so the IP does return to us over time for other downstream uses. I’d also say that beyond the financial value of licensing, it has strategic value. We can and do use third-party platforms to extend and expand audience, and that also provides downstream benefits to our owned and operated platforms. That could be about early seasons on a third-party platform, driving demand for new seasons or spin-offs on ours, could also be about broader revenues like consumer products. All that said, and this is where I want to talk a bit about Comedy Central specifically that you asked, our strategy is clearly evolving in a more O&O, owned and operated based direction. And Paramount Plus has already impacted our content licensing decisions. We do have a two-year view of the original slate for Paramount Plus that leans heavily on franchise, IP from across the Company. We made those decisions before we decided what to license. That’s IP we’re very excited about. You heard a bit about it, but there’s more to come as we get closer to launch. In terms of library, which is where your Comedy question fits in, we’ve increasingly moved to a co-exclusive or non-exclusive model to ensure that Paramount Plus also benefits from the product. And again, you look at what is an acquisition driver versus what is an engagement driver. Library product is not acquisition drivers. These, we believe, will be our franchise-linked originals and our original originals. But library product, including some stuff from Comedy Central is good for engagement. And so, we want to have it for our own use. But again, we don’t think that detracts from subscriber acquisition for Paramount Plus. So, again, I feel very good about where we are in content licensing. We have a very thoughtful strategy. We are supporting that business, but we are clearly evolving it, including in a more owned and operated direction as we ramp Paramount Plus. And again, very excited about what ‘21 is going to bring.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So look, we’re absolutely focused on creating a must-watch service in Paramount Plus. And we do believe that our positioning of live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment is differentiated and compelling. Now, as part of that, there’s no question that franchises will be key to the success of Paramount Plus. And related to that, our strategy is to have new original variants of franchises to serve as subscription drivers. Those originals, in turn, much like my commentary to Alexia’s point in a way, will be linked to larger library assets that drive subscriber engagement. So, we’re very focused on this strategy. And I’d also note that one of our competitors has clearly demonstrated the value of that approach. So, Star Trek, you mentioned, arguably the original proof-of-concept for CBS All access. There are now multiple variants of it on All Access, it works well for us. Sports, which you also mentioned, they’re a bit different, but clearly powerful. We have UEFA. That is exclusive. And we’re very happy we got it. By the way, we’re super happy we got it early and now have it for a whole bunch of years going forward. But, look, the NFL, the SEC, the golf, even though they’re also available on CBS linear, they definitely work for All Access and will definitely work for Paramount Plus. In terms of Paramount Plus, we have announced some new entertainment franchises that we’re bringing to Plus, the Godfather, SpongeBob, the Criminal Minds spinout. But, under the covers, our preview launch showed that there’s other franchises that work too that have potential, things like MTV’s reality show, The Challenge; things like Nick’s animated library series, Avatar, and all this is really the tip of the iceberg. And we do have other franchises in the Company. So, you can safely assume that upcoming announcements will include new original variants of them for Paramount Plus. We will of course have some non-franchise-based new originals to keep things fresh. But, I’m not going to get ahead of things and reveal them until we get much closer to launch.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And to your question really on, I would call it, mix of subscriber adds and what’s going on with subscribers. Again, Q3 on a pay subscriber growth basis, very strong. Q4, we didn’t take the number up as much as we did before. Remember, our year-end target for pay used to be 16 million, then we took it up to 18 million, now, we’re taking up to 19 million. It is true that in the fourth quarter, as I think Naveen referenced in his remarks, we are doing some sunsetting of smaller services, service like MTV Hits, as we prepare for the relaunch of Paramount Plus in early ‘21. And we’re also kind of focusing on marketing in ‘21 versus in the fourth quarter. So, I wouldn’t read too much into the fact that we only raised it to 19 million versus a higher number. We feel very good about our trajectory in ‘20, and we’re super excited about where this thing is going in ‘21. As to your question about kind of mix of ads and Apple TV+ versus others, the good news is we have broad and really ubiquitous distribution. It’s one of our, I believe, real advantages in this game. It’s partially because we don’t have an in-house distribution channel that we favor. And, we’re really seeing net adds come from a broad range of places, yes, including Apple TV+. But, by far, that’s not the only place they are coming from. So, we feel good about that. Look, we’re very pleased with our results for this quarter, including the accelerated transformation of our business that you’re seeing in less than a year. And despite the challenges of the pandemic, we brought together a single ViacomCBS that does have growing momentum and is creating value on multiple dimensions. You see that in our Q3 metrics, both on the traditional side, and importantly in streaming where our momentum is indisputable. And while we’re really pleased with Q3, it’s what’s to come that we’re really excited about. So, thank you for your time today. Thank you for your support. And finally, I’d like to thank all ViacomCBS employees for all they do every day to drive our Company forward. Stay well, everyone.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. In terms of the streaming investment piece, we’re not going to provide any specific guidance for ‘21 at this point. But, what I can share is that as we think about the magnitude and the composition of our content investments, we’re very-focused on thinking about it relative to the growth opportunities we see. And what I mean by that is, look, streaming is obviously a big opportunity. It’s one where we’ve got several years of experience and increasing momentum. So, it’s not a greenfield investment. Remember, our domestic streaming and digital video revenue is growing 50% on an annual run rate of $2.5 billion. So, we see that as a really compelling case for investing to continue to support the growth. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we do intend to do that in 2021. Some of that investment will be funded by the growth itself, and some of it will be funded by incremental cost synergies. And so, unlike a pure-play streaming company, I think our content investments have a lot of leverage, meaning that every dollar we spend on content can benefit us across the entire company, from streaming to linear to film and adjacent businesses like consumer products. So, we spend a lot of time thinking about how to allocate and reallocate that spend to optimize that leverage across all of those different distribution channels.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Ben, I think, in terms of the analytics and the metrics that go into making a subscription business highly successful, as I said in my remarks, I see a lot of encouraging trends. And I look at it through the lens of all the components that are required to maximize the overall lifetime of our viewers. So, whether you look at churn, whether you look at SAC, whether you look at engagement, I think, that we have great momentum in many of those dimensions. And we’re highly focused on continuing to optimize them. In particular, the fact that we have the linked ecosystem between subscription in Paramount Plus and Showtime, and Pluto TV as a free offering I think gives us tremendous opportunities to apply analytics and data and figure out the most optimal way to acquire subscribers and ways to maximize their lifetime, perhaps by moving them between those services, depending on their needs at any given point. And I would add to that that we can layer on top of those different services some really sophisticated analytics and we’ll be able to collect more data than we would have with a single service. So, I’m extremely excited about what we can do there. I think, there’s clearly momentum, but also a lot of opportunity that we can take that to the next level.
Naveen Chopra: So, in relation to the balance sheet and cash, I feel very good about the current state of the balance sheet. As you heard, $3 billion of cash on the balance sheet today. That’s before counting any of the proceeds from CNET or other future noncore asset sales. And going forward, we think about three financial priorities. We want to be able to support our organic investment, principally in streaming. We want to fund our dividend, and we want to pay down debt. The first two are basically funded out of free cash flow. Debt paydown is accomplished through any excess free cash flow and then noncore asset sales. So, to the extent we do complete additional transactions in the future, I would expect the proceeds of those to primarily go to debt reduction. So, hopefully, that gives you some clarity.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, I’ll take the first part on non-core asset sales. No specific timing updates to provide there other than to say that as we’ve announced previously, we do intend to divest Simon & Schuster, we do also intend to divest Black Rock. We will complete both of those transactions at a time and in a form where we think we can maximize value. Simon & Schuster particularly is one that we think has been performing extremely well of late and is a very valuable asset, though still not core for us. And so, we do look forward to completing that in the future.
