Leslie Moonves: Yes, right. David, as we expressed, Under the Dome is a brand-new form of entertainment. We haven't done, nor has anybody, done an original drama of this size in many, many years. Now the good news for us is because of the Amazon deal and because of the international sale, we were able to make this show profitable before it even went on the air. Now the fact that it went on the air and is a huge hit is really almost gravy and will bring in a ton of profits into the third quarter. However, this is new programming at north of $3 million an episode. So figure that out. That's in addition to our programming cost that didn't exist last year. It's things like that where you will see us invest more in programming, but also invest with the knowledge that we're going to get it back and then some. That show is going to be very profitable for years to come and it's the greatest way to invest our money.
Leslie Moonves: Since I've been here in 1995, we have always done between 18 and 22 pilots and it's remained the same this year. When we are in last place, when we are in first place, we do the same number of pilots.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I really believe there is. Obviously, the response was tremendous. Amazon is very pleased that they joined up early in partnership with us. Jeff Bezos actually spoke to me personally about how pleased they were that they experimented with this. I think you will see every network, and I know they are, develop and try to replicate the model that we did. I doubt many of them will have the same ratings as Under the Dome did. It was like the second highest-rated new drama of the year. The numbers were pretty sensational, but I think there's a huge appetite with the SVOD players out there to join us, plus the international desire for our content is not slowing down at all.
Leslie Moonves: Well, look, we're -- we program all times of the year normally. We put on -- the question with Under the Dome when we renewed it is do we put on in February or in the summer and we decided to go with the summer. It's doing numbers that would have made it the second-highest drama on television, on network television. So we consider that but what it means is we get a program all year long from September to September.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, that's a very good question and obviously, you're right. We -- the initial viewing of Under the Dome was $13.7 million. Then when you added DVR, you add streaming and VOD, it was north of 20 million people. So literally 1/3 of them. Now we did get paid for some of them on the DVR. I think within a year, by the next upfront, C7 will be the currency. I think there are some C7 deals done now because it's a question of reeducation. But since they were at C3, they're there. In addition, Nielsen is getting better by the day in measuring streaming. And I think we're closer and closer to our goal of getting every single eyeball measured. In addition, we have ways to measure beyond the C7 and put in more advertising. So once again, all this technology and all this measurement only is going to be helpful for us because everything is going to be counted and we're going to get paid in full.
Leslie Moonves: First of all, right now, over 85% of our airing, our viewing is done through satellite cable or the phone companies. That's number one. And the remaining 15% are not the most advertiser-friendly and the most appealing to our advertisers. Once again, these services and you, obviously, were referring to Aereo and we think it's a lot more wind than reality. It's an illegal service that would be in essence, stealing our content. We don't think it is catching on at all. When you see and talking in general terms of the MVPDs charging the amount of money they are to the public for their content, we feel like, and the have stated it, that he who has the most eyeballs should get paid the most. And since we are the #1 network, putting on NFL and putting on the #1 program in NCIS and the #1 comedy in Big Bang Theory, that we should be paid appropriately, that it's more important to take care of CBS. Once again, all the statistics, the average home has 100 channels but they're watching 10 to 15 of them. And we are one of those 10 to 15. In every home, we're actually #1 in every home, so we feel that it is justified and we should get paid for it and that's the way of the world. And by the way, most everybody agrees. Most everybody agrees and we are getting paid fairly in most places.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? Some people on the other side have gone to Washington and tried to shake things up. We have seen absolutely no movement on the part of Washington. Obviously, local leaders are appropriately concerned about their consumers in their areas being disrupted. And we understand that concern. We don't feel it's going to change anything. We're certainly willing to have discussions with them, and they are concerned, but we're not worried about the regulatory environment affecting our business one iota.
Leslie Moonves: A, Syncbak would include our affiliates as well; that we want them to be part of it and Syncbak, once again, a much more legal use of our signal than Aereo might be. So look, mobile is advertising, is growing in leaps and bounds. We're part of it. We're right there. We're on the iPad after 8 days right now, and we will be there earlier as soon as it's counted appropriately. So we welcome mobile. Once again, we welcome all sorts of legal use of our content that is paying us appropriately. We -- what's great about who we are, we continue to do great content and we're very nimble. We realize the models are changing. As I referred to in Under the Dome, we're now getting paid in a hundred different ways just from that one series. So we welcome what's happening with technology and we're on top of it.
Leslie Moonves: Well, you sort of answered my question there. I mean, there's a lot less political hours from conventions, from primaries, from debates. Remember, there were 4 debates, election night. We only have 5 new shows, not every single one of them are going to work but they're all positioned in very good time periods where they can work. We do expect to improve on a few nights of the week and we're very pleased with the process and how our schedule looks for the fall. Look, this is spring training and everybody thinks they're going to do great as you get closer. But having returned 20 shows, we sort of know we're going to be in great shape no matter what else happens, that 20 shows will perform and we'll get an opportunity to launch some of them and we think we have a couple of real super hits there. So we're very excited and once again, the NFL is going to be strong, no political, we can't wait for the fall to begin.
Leslie Moonves: I think each one is its own animal. Look, each contract has different components and different requirements and you have different relationships with all these people. So look, every deal that we've made in the last 2 years has been an improvement from the one before. And I think once again, our job is to continue to produce the content that we're doing and get paid fairly for it so -- and each one is the same. [indiscernible] is not the same.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We haven't really seen any great effect of it. We're obviously, going into football season for us and that's doing very well. In addition, our sports network, although relatively small in terms of advertising, is seeing growth in that area as well. By the way, I'm very happy we have our 4 major sports rights tied up for the next decade because clearly, the price of poker may go up but we have the NFL, we have the NCAA, we have the PGA TOUR golf and we have the FCC football contracts, so I'm really happy about that. Obviously, Fox is putting a lot of money and effort into it. They know what they're doing. I think they're clearly competing more with the ESPN than with us. And football sales look strong for the fall.
Leslie Moonves: You know what? We don't look at it that way. Yes, we ended up close to 8% and we sort of said high singles, low doubles and we were high singles. I think your assessment about Internet video becoming bigger and stronger and there's a lot available, there's scarcity, still doesn't compare to what the network can bring. And I even noticed our competitors got substantial price increases as well, which actually surprised me how well they did. So look, I'm glad we're in the Internet video market, but I'm even happier that we're the #1 television network and getting paid the right amount for our ads.
Leslie Moonves: That's exactly right. We are looking forward to producing content for all these guys. For Netflix, for Amazon. When people say, "Oh, gee, is Netflix a competitor?" Netflix is doing original content. They're buying a lot of good movie packages. Are they a competitor to Showtime? Probably. But by the same token, the CBS company would be happy to produce for them. Under the Dome is an exciting new model. And when you think about it, it's getting a lot of noise, but it's something that hasn't existed in many, many years. But without Amazon's help and without the strong international marketplace, we couldn't have done that with normal summer pricing for programming. Now with these guys wanting to get involved and get involved early, the sky is the limit in terms of that and what great assets they're creating for us. So we're happy they're around.
Leslie Moonves: I'll answer the first, and, Joe, you can answer the second. The first, it really is too early to tell. I remember, we had been concerned when WPP was amassing all those variety of advertising agencies and we were able to do a lot of business with them as we do with -- we have great relations with both Omnicom and Publicis. And once again, it's about -- we have good business with them. We'll see what it becomes like in the future. But in talking to our head of sales about it just the other day, Jo Ann had no great concerns. She said, look, we know the guys, we know the brands. It's not going to affect how we do business but it really is too early to tell.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, I don't particularly see that gap changing all that much. It has on a few shows but there's still a wide margin between their hits and our hits. I mean, NCIS is still watched by north of 20 million people every single week. Other than The Walking Dead, there hasn't been a cable show that's come even close to it on premium or on basic. And once again, they're doing some quality programming. So we don't view them as a threat in terms of taking our pricing anywhere. Our pricing has gone up for the last number of years and we think that will continue.
Leslie Moonves: Okay. TVGN, great acquisition, cheap price for our half. Lionsgate, a great partner, great -- other content company. There was a lot of low-hanging fruit. We put on Young and the Restless repeats and we put on Big Brother: After Dark, which increased the ratings like hundreds and hundreds percent. Now I realize that made -- that you saw the low number doing that. But it's the highest rating they've ever had. There are a lot of plans incorporating more CBS content, more live event programming from the red carpets, et cetera. So it's been, so far, wonderful and as I said Lionsgate is a great partner and our people are very excited and we're already seeing great results from advertising agencies as well. In terms of new streaming deals, we've had a lot of conversations. I don't know who's going to be the first one to step up to the plate. Whether it happens within 6 months, I don't know, it's possible with some of them. But we're talking to everybody and there are a lot of very interesting things going on out there. So I hate to be so general, but I really don't know much more than that.
Leslie Moonves: Good question, Jim. Look, the consolidation, the acquisitions, number one, only proves how valuable television stations are in this day and age. We have 27 of them. We have 27 of them, and once again, we're happy we held on to them. We're happy we didn't get rid of any them because it only bodes well for the future. Does the consolidation mean they will get more retrans? That's a very possible outcome of this. It's very interesting to see where the landscape comes out. We look forward to -- we have great relationships with all the big companies, and we don't think our relationships should change and everybody is moving towards you have to pay for the guys who have the best content.
Leslie Moonves: Some of it works, some of it doesn't work, like everything else. I mean, we sold Netflix a huge bundle of content, as you remember, a few years back. Some of it did extraordinarily well. I mean, they'd kill for more Star Trek episodes. They love that. Some of it, not so well. But once again, we've, as mentioned before, as Joe mentioned, we've renewed the deal through 2015 and it has some of what was existing before and some of it going forward. So the good news about us is we have great current programming and we have a great library, and we will sell them both as need be.
Leslie Moonves: Great. Thanks, Marci, and this concludes today's call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Have a great evening.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Obviously, we reloaded the program getting ready for the Outdoor transaction. So as we lever that business up and IPO, we'll have the capacity to buyback our stock quickly. We're continuing the same pace as the underlying program goes. And we're going to continue to relook at our ratios as we become more content focused and less advertising dependent. So we think we're creating tremendous financial flexibility and this program gives us the ability to capitalize on that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Yes, Ben, that's correct. So the underlying, we said, would -- clearly going to accelerate in Q3.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Look, we said Q1 of 2014, and like I said, we remain on track for that. We will -- we filed with the SEC, so we got clear of the SEC and we're waiting for the ruling on the IRS. So the way you should think about it is what we're -- the current plan would be to lever the company up in Q1 of 2014 and IPO within the same quarter. So those proceeds we would use again to buyback our stock. If we don't have the private letter ruling at that time, obviously, we'll have to make a decision at that time based on current market conditions, where we go from there. But we still remain very confident in the process and our ruling request.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, we have some flexibility. We make those shows available to Netflix. So again, really, it's going to depend. I think, again, the takeaway is we renewed and extended the relationship so it continues to work well into '15. They're pleased with our product. So we're going to continue again, as Les said, produce the best content and continue to figure out ways to maximize the revenue. The timing of when it hits and what year and what quarter is really secondary.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Tim, on the interactive growth, I think, again, what's driving the growth, really, again, is the content. It's the premium video that's doing it. Clearly, obviously, it helps if Nielsen is measuring this and you can always back things up with advertisers and give them metrics, it always gives us another data point but I think again, the content is really what's driving the growth.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. No, look, the work group study, again, is really, again, been a nonfactor in terms of -- the dealing with the IRS. Whatever internal process they go through, I guess, is obviously up to their discretion. But again, we continue to have an open dialogue with them and we'd never expected to have our ruling in hand today. So again, right now, it's the normal course, and we'll evaluate that and update you, again, as we know more. But again, we are pretty confident in our request. As far as color on Q3, look, U.S. Billboards, again, is the bread-and-butter. So that's definitely kind of leading the way, but I would kind of characterize the U.S., the Outdoor business, again, up that low-single digits range, 1% to 3%. And looking at Local Broadcasting, radio is kind of pacing flat and TV remember, we have a difficult comp in political. So we'll see how that kind shakes out exactly but as I said earlier, kind of flat to up low-single digits, again, is pretty impressive given the tough political comp from a year ago.
