David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I mean, we have good relationships with our distributors, our MVPD distributors, and we have great confidence in the quality and the desirability of our programming. So, we take that into every negotiation.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: So, Jessica, is your – your question about what is the ceiling for Showtime. I – look, here's how I look at it. We're in 26 million households; 115 million, 120 million households in the U.S. That's 20% – that's 22% penetration. I see a lot of desire and upside from where we sit. The good news for us is we've gone from being a – you had to pay the $120. We're now accessible at multiple price points. So, I think we become much more accessible to a broader range of consumer. And that's just talking about the domestic piece. Internationally, I think there is also great demand for what Showtime is. And the brand is getting stronger and stronger around the world. So, I'm optimistic.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: That's the concept of the DnA platform that – the advertising platform that Joe described is you can target in VOD and linear.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: We just renewed with Amazon on very comparable terms. So, we have not found that. The value they're finding out at Showtime where there is – they're making money off of Showtime. So, it's been a win-win.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: Well, we are building the brand. The brand of Showtime is starting to mean something outside the U.S. It certainly does in Canada, particularly the English-speaking world in the UK, Australia, even in France, where I spent a couple weeks this summer, people are starting to know what a Showtime show is. And as these deals come up, we're always going to be evaluating what is the maximum monetization possibility? Do we – we're going to be looking – going forward, we're going to be looking at more of a mix of licensing and subscription revenue. And we're not going to say here, which markets we might go first in launching a subscription business. But there will be a lot of finesse required to figure out. We don't want to turn off the licensing pipeline. It's been very effective for us. But we feel like there's a lot of potential in the global subscription business, so we're making those decisions tactically as deals come up.
David Nevins - CBS Corp.: To add to what Joe was saying, what we've learned is that the more we build the tech of our own platforms and the strength and brand of our own platforms of All Access and Showtime, the more optionality we have as to where to monetize. So, to the extent that we can monetize on our own platforms, that's great, and that gives us optionality when we're making licensing decisions. And that's one of the reasons why we have been so focused these last couple years on building up our own platforms.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Obviously, you're referring to CBS All Access, because Showtime obviously isn't – there's no...
Joseph R. Ianniello: But I think also to point out, CBS All Access subscribers, a third of them are now ad-free as well. So, just as we're seeing that kind of growth. But your point on the one where there are ads, yes, we're seeing CPMs significantly higher than comparable broadcast networks. And obviously, you have more attractive demos, but you have with it, as you call it, specific targeting. So we're rolling that out. And that's why I said more and more as we're using this data to be smarter and be more effective for our advertisers, it's a really big opportunity. But I would say we're really still in the early innings of that. But we're laser focused on capitalizing on it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, sure, Michael. Look, I think we think about them individually as individual assets or franchises. So, for instance, we're going to have Twilight Zone here, and we can keep it on All Access or – domestically, which is – that's going to happen. Internationally, we can use it to grow our OTT business internationally, or we can license it. And so, we're going to do an analysis. It's going to be really simple. What are the offers in the marketplace for licensing, and how many subs do we think we can get in these countries? And we're going to look at that and we're going to see what's in the best interest. Because some of these things, again, as David was really alluding to, if we're not ready to capitalize on the subscription business, we might as well take the money to reinvest it and do more with it. And so, we don't have a one-size-fits-all like some of our other competitors. I think we look at it by each piece of content on what it's going to do individually. And so, we know at the end of the day, there will be more content in the CBS Showtime offerings, no question about it, but it's okay to sell our content to third parties as well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. Look, I think that's why we did Canada first. We wanted to see the incremental cost. I think, again, a lot of the costs are fixed. So, it will be scalable, that infrastructure. So, I think again incrementally, it doesn't make sense if all we were going to do is just to be in Canada. So, we are absorbing I would think about it in the tens of millions as opposed to the hundreds of millions for the infrastructure. And again – and then the content, I think we just talked about that from the last question on how we're obviously going to have to put enough content in the offerings to drive the sub count. And I think as we're doing more originals, as we have CBS library and Showtime library of product in there, I think we're making the value compelling to the consumer. This is driven by consumer demand. This isn't driven by because we think it's a nice way to distribute it. This is the way consumers want it via broadband, at the touch of a button, willing to pay a subscription fee, and it doesn't matter, it's borderless. We don't have to be confined to the United States. And so, really that's the way – and I think again I'd look at 2018, Bryan, as the example, right? We just – you're seeing us with a steady margin, enter into a couple of different countries, doing a lot more shows. And the reason we're able to do that like I just said is because the other revenue, the retrans and reverse comp, the licensing are very high margin. And that's being offset. You have two things, kind of, going on there, and we're pretty proud that we're able to do that and not reset the P&L in order to ramp up investment.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No. You see what we just did with obviously Network 10. We think having local content is actually valuable. I don't think we have to buy and do a strategic deal to do that. I think we can do a commercial deal, but we do like the offering of having live local content in the market plus premium CBS and Showtime, plus library. That seems compelling for under $10 a month. So, you should assume on some of these markets wherever there are local restrictions, we will partner with some of our local friends to make it again a compelling offering.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, sure. I got it, David. Look, I think from a network perspective, I think we're always looking for the best content. I think we're open for business for other studios. That said, as we sit here, more than 80% of the schedule we have ownership in. So, I don't really see it changing really dramatically from there. But again, the network has limited shelf space. The good news is for All Access, that really kind of changes the complexity, because if we have a good CBS show from our studio, we certainly can put it inside of CBS All Access. And if it's a great Warner Brothers show, we can certainly monetize it on the CBS network. So, the fact that we have different outlooks I think only increases the outputs, if you will. But we definitely are in the business of putting the best shows on the network. I think that's very important. As far as local stations and acquiring them, look, I think we certainly have room within the cap. If the cap gets lifted, we have more room. As you know, we look to be opportunistic there. And so, we'll always look at it, as you just point out, is it a political market, what's the size of the market, is it an NFL market. So, if we can find some stations at values that make sense, we're always in it, in the market. But if we're not, we still get our value. And so, that's why I say it's very opportunistic. It's not like we need to own that station because we're going to get our value vis-à-vis reverse comp. And so, from our vantage point, the content is what's driving the value, but if we can own the license and have local programming in that market, it's only additive. But we're going to always look at it through that lens.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, look, we haven't set targets on what we're going to do. And, look, I don't think we're going to – the live linear really kind of do – because obviously we're monetizing C7, and we're selling that inclusively. And so, I think what we're doing is we're watching the data that we're getting on the consumption. So, like I said earlier, Steven, we're really in the early innings. So I think you're going to see us really target the VOD, the Video-on-Demand inventory. And we're going to certainly do it on our own platforms first. And we're going to be smarter about it. We're going to see it works for our advertisers, and then we'll expand from there. But it's going to be a slow and steady rollout. But like I said, the demographics and the capabilities are really encouraging, but I don't want to get ahead of ourselves on this.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Steven. As you know, it's very hard to do that because political is taking up all of the inventory. These next five days, I mean, I think we have a chance to have a record-setting year even in the presidential one which we set in 2016, and so a lot of the regular categories are really being pushed outside after November 6. And so it's a little bit distorted right now. What I think Chris' point is high teens, it's pacing up high teens. And obviously for the fourth quarter, we only have political really for one month out of it, because after November 6. So I think that's all factored into her guidance there. But it's really distorted, because it's the same number of units year in and year out. It's just a massive demand that's really pushing others around the edges and stuff. But it's going to be a hell of a year for local political advertising.
