Joseph Ianniello: Ben, it's Joe. I'll start first. I'll answer your first two. And as far as how much cash do we have, we don't need a lot of cash on hand to run the company. I mean, the working capital as you see we manage very, very well. So cash on hand at the end of the quarter, just under $1.1 billion. Obviously, we'll use some of that cash to call the debt I said for May of '11. So we don't really need a lot of cash and as you know, the first six months of the year is our stronger cash flow part of the year. So again, we're going to buy the stock right into our strength and generating more cash flow. As far as the affiliate and subscription, a little bit does have to do with timing. It's when agreements kick in and stuff, so there is a little bit of timing. But if you look at it on a year-to-date basis, those fluctuations tend to even out.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Anthony, I don't think we said what fourth quarter network ad revenue, I think we gave you the scatter market. The scatter market, as you know, is pacing, as we said, 35-plus percent over this year's upfront. So yes, I think, again, any way you look at it, it's going to be a strong fourth quarter on the national advertising front.
Joseph Ianniello: No, I think we're just going to go through it. I mean, nothing more, it's 60 days. We're going to, obviously, use the cash on hand to pay down to call the notes and stuff like that. So it's just getting everything in order.
Joseph Ianniello: Sure. Well, it obviously, impacts TV more, so let's just focus on TV. Our current pacing is holding at up 20% after the election. And our obviously, advertisers are booking early, and we're just making sure our sales guys are pricing it right because the demand of pricing is so strong. So that demand that people got pushed from October into November and December, that pricing is clearly holding. So the way we see it, Mike, is 2010's going to be a very strong year for local television with or without political.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, obviously, we've had a number of discussions with our affiliates. And when their deals come up with CBS, we know that they're getting retrans money, and we wish to share in them. A ton of those deals have not come up yet. There have been a number of them that have. We are getting paid. It's hard to quantify where we're going to be since the bulk of our deals aren't up until '13 and '14. But the affiliates are aware that they're getting paid retrans and a lot of the reason they're getting paid that retrans money is because of what the network is giving them, and our affiliates certainly appreciate what CBS Primetime is doing for them. When you look at 10:00, we are winning five nights a week, which means their 11:00 local news is doing extremely well. And as I referred to, the NFL is doing extremely well for them. So we are making those deals. They are not very noisy, but we are getting paid by them. And it should, over the next number of years, also amount to hundreds of millions of dollars down the road.
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, it's Joe. On the local auto front again, the category -- and again, broadly other categories are following suit. But clearly, auto is up. I think, clearly, obviously, selling more cars helps. We're seeing auto companies, obviously, much better capitalized companies. The dealerships, maybe less dealerships but better capitalized, so the dollars are following. What I will tell you there's still much room to grow there. So we're not clearly back to '07 levels. But again, they're focused on it and clearly, they know they have to market to move product, and we have local assets well-positioned to capitalize on that.
Joseph Ianniello: On your Radio question, Laura, the fourth quarter, yes, it is accelerating. That's impressive because, obviously, sequentially Q3 '09 to Q4 '09 grew a lot. So again, very impressive, yes, national is up, higher than local, and local is still growing. And what I just think is right now, the local advertisers are flocking to television because they like where the prices there. So as we continue to increase pricing on the local TV side, I think local Radio, as well as Outdoor will continue to benefit.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, I think, again, you got to look at that on an annualized basis, Michael. I think that's fair. Each quarter on whether there's some ad and promo for premieres, expenses kind of fluctuate. But on a kind of normalized run rate, 40-plus percent, I think, is a good indication.
Joseph Ianniello: We don't break it out. Again, most of the dollars in the third quarter is about $37 million. Again, most of that's falling to TV stations, Doug. I think that would give you a general sense.
Leslie Moonves: Ben, we've sort of find it a little bit ironic that NBC is now talking about older demos. It's something we've, obviously, been talking about for a while. And we've been quoted, I've been quoted about a thousand times saying for my money, a 50-year-old is more valuable than a 19-year-old in terms of purchasing power. I was sort of booed down by the other networks when they were doing a bit better, that 18 to 49 is the only thing that mattered. Now that we're winning the 18 to 49, suddenly, there's a shift. Now by the way, we still agree with the fact that a 50-year-old is more valuable than a 19-year-old, and we've always welcomed them into the tent. And to us, a viewer is a viewer is a viewer. We like winning them all. We like 18-year-olds and we like 80-year-olds, and the good thing is they're watching CBS.
Leslie Moonves: The only caution I want to give you there, Anthony, is this year, we sold a lot more at the upfront than we did a year ago. So there is a little bit less inventory, however, the scatter demand keeps going up and up and up. And being as we're stronger, there should be enough inventory to take care of that.
Leslie Moonves: Well, actually, Anthony, we have been slightly more conservative about putting our content online than some of our peers because as you know, we are not a member of Hulu. And as a result of that, we do have cbs.com, but once again, we've been rather cautious about where to put it, when to put it because the mother load is still our network advertising and ratings on network and in syndication still bring in far more dollars than they do on digital. Having said that, we're, obviously, exploring all these various platforms and making a variety of deals when it makes sense. And when it make sense to us is getting paid appropriately for our content. But TV Everywhere, we're certainly believer in it. When Comcast or Time Warner gives us decent retrans dollars, which they have done, and treated us very fairly, which they have done, they deserve to have the content as part of their retrans fees. So we're very much in favor of TV Everywhere.
Leslie Moonves: Right. Michael, one of the misnomers out there is the x political dollars. Because yes, we took in a lot of political revenue. We're really pleased. It went across TV stations, the radio stations. And we all know how much money was spent in places like California and New York, hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars, and we benefited by that. But all we did was in an already in-demand categories, we just pushed it further out. So it is remaining in demand, and what people don't realize, we would have sold those spots for very high prices. In some cases, we sold the political spots for less than we would have gotten had we just had it in the normal marketplace. So as we said, we pushed money into the rest of the fourth quarter and per Joe's comment, the demand remains very strong.
Leslie Moonves: And Michael, on the repurchase, obviously, there was a lot of discussion what's the proper way of returning money to our shareholders. We already have a dividend in place. We felt that to reduce our shares was the right way to go with this amount of cash. This does not preclude us, as we look forward, to do something further with the dividend and something that we talk about every week when we discuss it with our board and we came to the conclusion that the share repurchase was the right thing to do, being that our cash position was so strong. But once again, we will continue to look at it, and we will continue to see what's the best way to use our capital and increasing the dividend is certainly not out of the question.
Leslie Moonves: Laura, I'll deal with the first question, the sports. Sports has been extremely strong. Before the season even began, it was a great demand for NFL football. And I think it's followed the strong upfront that sports became -- the NFL became even stronger than that. Add to that, what we referenced as ratings that are up in the low-teens, and the demand for the NFL is extremely good. I know the NBC game is doing well. I know FOX is doing well. Football is extraordinarily strong, and the dollars are flowing in greatly for it. The economics of the rest of our sports, as mentioned, the NCAA deal changes our full profile in that event and that becomes a profitable event as does golf and even the U.S. Open tennis tournament, if it wouldn't rain so much. So we are very pleased with our sports portfolio, but the NFL is going through the roof.
Leslie Moonves: The Showtime growth, you know what, it's hard to distinguish. Yes, we have some promotional things, and I know HBO addressed their loss of subs by some of the lack of promotional subs. That hasn't really affected the growth in Showtime. I think the thing that's affected the growth in Showtime is just Showtime's programming has gotten infinitely better over the last two or three years, and we're seeing a constant increase in the subscribers. And in terms of the digitalization of the content, it depends on the content. By and large, Showtime owns most of what they do, there are a couple of shows that they don't. But they have most of the rights for the content that's on Showtime. And once again, they are being exploited and will continue to be.
Leslie Moonves: Well, Joe and I are going to get out on the field and start tossing the ball around. Look, obviously, it's something that would not be a good thing to have happened if there was a lockout. The reports I'm hearing are guardedly optimistic. There seems to be some progress being made. So we're obviously, hoping that there isn't a lockout. It's not something we would want, and it's not a programming you replace. It's not like, "Okay, if I take off this show for prime time, I'll have another show ready." The NFL is the NFL, and it's very valuable. But we are hoping that nothing bad happens here.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Let me answer both of them. You know what? If there is a lockout there, we have certain arrangements with the NFL that I don't want to get into, where they would get some renumeration, not total, nothing that affects us greatly. But it's sort of a private contract. And it wouldn't affect our bottom line, let me put it that way. Regarding the ratings guarantee, we're in very good shape. The word make us good, the good news is it hasn't come up all year at CBS, nor do I expect it. So every dollar we're taking in at scatter is new money. The prices are going up considerably. We have renewed our entire schedule. It's a great luxury to have that. We actually have three mid-season shows, and our problem is where do we put them? So I've never seen anything like this. But we are beating our guarantees, and we're in very good shape, and it's a good position to be in.
Leslie Moonves: The ratings of these deals, Doug, are so diverse. It's very hard to make them coterminous, and by and large, we have not done that. Yes, I'm sure it would give us leverage five years from now and potentially give us more leverage. But it's virtually impossible to imagine a world where that would happen.
Leslie Moonves: We own 40% and once again, it is not our intention now or in the future to turn CBS into a cable network.
Leslie Moonves: Doug, well, one thing that should be pointed out, we all hear about the battles. We all hear about the signals being pulled. We've made hundreds of deals. There have been hundreds of deals that haven't made any noise whatsoever. So number one, we, obviously, really urge government to stay out of this. This is a company-to-company issue. And by and large, if we were able to conclude a 10-year deal with Comcast, a long-term deal with Time Warner, successful deals with 25 smaller cable companies, this dispute is the exception, not the rule.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Doug, there's only one network that says they deserve 75% or 80%, and we know where that's coming from. We take them each, not all affiliates are created equal. Some are in stronger financial positions than others. Some are getting more retrans than others. So we take each group separately. But as I said, we've concluded a number of deals where we feel we're being compensated appropriately, and we want our affiliates to be strong. And as Joe said, we control, we own 40% of the country with our own stations, and that's the major part of our business.
Leslie Moonves: Marci, the Americas is really primary the United States. I mean, we do have something, Canada, Mexico and South America, but mostly again, the 15% is coming from the U.S. So that's a good proxy in the mid- to high-teens. And what I would just tell you is occupancy, we increased kind of from the 75 percentage range on average to over 80%. So the rest is pricing.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I think again, if you go country-by-country, I think that's certainly trailing the recovery we're seeing here. The good news is that the U.K., it looks like it's turning around and coming back, which is our largest market. So I think again, the other countries will follow. But you're right in terms of it is trailing the U.S.
