Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Sure. Sure. Thanks, Ben. Look, the NFL, obviously there's been a lot going on. The ratings are down a bit this year. There's been a lot of talk on it. Obviously, there were political issues that came up about kneeling during the anthem, and it became very controversial. Look, the product, as I said before, is still the best thing on television. The ratings are still extraordinarily high. I think all the networks are very happy they have the product. And you see when you compare it to other things, live events are still working phenomenally well. Yes, there's a lot of experimentation going on with these shorter ad spots. There's been experimentation with – this year there are four pods per half versus five, which are slightly longer. So there are all sorts of things that are being tried. In addition with the challenges that the coaches have, they are being shortened and the game is trying to be expedited. There's a lot of product there, there's no question about it. I think everybody is looking at everything. We've had Thursday Night Football for the last four years. There are a lot of real values to it in terms of being a promotional vehicle and having those five Thursday night numbers are still very, very strong for us. I think everybody is going to take another look at what's going on as we proceed forward. But once again, we're still happy we have the NFL. It's still a great product. Regarding programming, it's a very interesting question, and it came up when we started talking about Star Trek. Every division at this company wanted Star Trek. Showtime wanted it, the network wanted it. If you remember, earlier versions of Star Trek were even syndicated from station to station. We felt as we were doing are planning for All Access, we said we need something extraordinary, we need something that people really feel is worth paying for outside the norm. And we said that's the perfect place for it. It's a very expensive program, as you know. Fortunately, Netflix covers a lot of the cost by the international rights. So the kinds of programming that's on All Access will probably somewhat will be more premium, let's say, than it would be on CBS. We are spending more on the product. We don't need as mass an audience as we may do on CBS, but it needs to be more specialized. It needs to stand out quite a bit. As I said earlier, I am blessed since I'm a content guy with having Showtime and All Access and CBS and The CW. We do all sorts of all different kinds of programming, and we have different development units at each division. And in certain cases, like Star Trek, there's a jump ball, and I will generally make that decision. And for this one, we felt we were launching a very important new product, and the good news is the bet is paying off.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No. I don't know of one sponsor that has pulled out of any spot that they had. I don't think it's affecting advertising or their desire one iota.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's a very good question, and there is a long lag, and frankly we're not getting in all the numbers, and you often have to wait literally three or four weeks before you see the results. So anybody who's basing anything on overnight ratings is either 20 years behind or crazy. So putting the different pieces together and how we're selling it and how we're measuring it is changing so rapidly that we have to look at new systems. Obviously, Nielsen is still a very big player and an important player and they're adding more and more services, but there are other players getting into the marketplace. And measurement and our dealings with advertising agencies become much more complex than ever before. As you know, only a few years ago we began C3. Now it's C7. Now we're selling some up to C35. There are all sorts of numbers that are coming in from DVR playing, from VOD, et cetera, et cetera. So it's very complicated. I don't quite understand it. I don't get the same thrill as I used to when I put ER on the air and I saw a 40 share in the overnight ratings. Now I have to wait a month to get my thrill. So it's a very different ball game and it's rapidly changing. So it's a very valid question.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Let me talk about the demographic. Obviously, as I said before, in terms of the programming, we're looking to distinguish it from CBS, from regular CBS. Obviously, the demographic, what we've noticed, it's approximately 20 years younger than our average viewer. So we are getting a younger demographic, which is really good. As I said, it doesn't have to be as broad. It can be much more niche. We started out with Good Fight, which obviously brought a great deal of the female component over from CBS because it was a very female-skewing show. Star Trek is more male than female and also, as you would expect, a younger demographic as well. Star Trek will continue to expand it. We're looking. The good news about All Access, we don't care whether you're 8 or you're 80. We're bringing in people from all over the place. And different people are watching for different reasons, some to get old library product, some to get catch-up on our current series, and obviously a lot of people that are looking to see the new product. So it's very interesting, it's very exciting, and we're going to be adding new content all the time.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah. And let me just add on to that. The 65 comes from – we started out, number one, Showtime, CBS, obviously producing more content for ourselves. Then you add in The CW, where either Warner or we are producing or co-producing together. Then you add in All Access, which is obviously only produced shows. And then suddenly, as you heard us mention, we're selling to 11 different services. With the aftermarket being as strong as it is in terms of both domestic and international syndication, the idea of selling to all sorts of different people has become very, very lucrative, which is why virtually every time we invest in a new show, we already know it's going to be profitable from day one. So when we sell a show to Turner or we sell a show to Netflix or we sell a show to anywhere, to Apple, we already know these are going to be in profit before day one of production. And that means that we're going to continue to increase that 65 number to a lot more.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: The skinny bundles, it is way too early to judge on the success or not success of what they're doing. I think the concept of skinny bundles is a smart one. It's based on the idea that people really want to pay for what they're watching and that they're paying the huge amount of money for 12 to 15 channels that they watch and they're getting 180 channels. So I think they are absolutely viable. Will they all succeed? I don't know. By the way, the technology on them, they're pretty cool devices to use. And they make it easy to watch the content and watch what you want to see. I don't think, as I said to you, the success or failure of various skinny bundles, once again, doesn't matter to us. Because when people cut their cord, they're not going nowhere. They're going somewhere. So they either go, they're on a traditional bundle or one or two of the skinny bundles or All Access. So if people are going to – we don't view people as trying to squeeze us for price, because we're going to be must-have television. Every deal that we make, we are convinced that bundles will not work without CBS on them. You've seen us make a few deals in the last few months, and I think it's proven that you can't have a complete bundle without CBS.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, Netflix and Amazon are throwing a lot of money at a lot of product out there, and there's no question it makes the marketplace more competitive. Having said that, once again, we have been fairly diligent in that we know how to produce shows for the maximum value. Obviously, each platform has a different price point. Shows at Showtime and All Access generally cost more than shows at CBS, and shows at The CW cost somewhat less than CBS shows as well. But by the same token, we take that into account. We know what our international output deals are. We know what our domestic syndication probably is. We also once again can regulate what the back-end participation is for our producers here, and there's a real upside for them for coming here versus Netflix or Amazon, where oftentimes they will be giving their rights away. But every show that we do, we do ultimate. So if we are spending more like on a Star Trek, we know, A), what Netflix is going to pay for the international rights. We also know what it's going to mean to CBS All Access. Before we green-light a show on the CBS Television Network, we have an absolute based on, as I said, international output deals or international deals in general as well as the domestic potential. So as costs may go up somewhat: A), we're able to control them better; and B), we know we're going to be profitable on every single one of the shows. So the outlook for us is good, and that's why we will invest in more programming, and that 65 number very well could turn into 80 within a couple years.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: There's no question. The NFL, as we may have told you, you may remember, we only had the last two weeks last year of the NFL season. So having it this year certainly helped the subscribers. Probably helped more by Star Trek, but having those two things both go on in September-October has certainly launched a number of subscribers. As you know, we're not giving the numbers, but it definitely has helped. And every Sunday, we do see a spike in the number of signups. So I think it's really important. As we look down to the next big contract in 2022, obviously digital rights will be an important part of it. We expect that some of the larger players will be involved. But who knows, we may get all the digital rights ourselves at the same time.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll take the last question first. TV City was formed in the 1950s. It was a production facility. It's on very valuable real estate. We're in the very preliminary stages. We have received an offer from one of the people in the neighborhood, and so we hired somebody to explore the possibility. As I said, it's very expensive real estate. It may be money that can be used better elsewhere. But it's at the very preliminary stages. I'll turn the rest to Joe.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, I'll start with the OTT piece. Just on the take rate between the ad, the $6 product and the $10 product, we're seeing about 20% of our subscribers take the ad-free product. And so from a contribution margin, we're really indifferent, and that's why we priced it that way because we're basically making essentially $4 of advertising. So we're indifferent. But let me be clear is that we're not managing All Access for margin. We are growing and we're making investments and putting more and more series on it because, again, the long-term ROI is very, very, very attractive, meaning, as Les just said, we just announced again The Twilight Zone coming. So we have a slate, if you will, of original series that, by the way, sometime in the future we might choose to monetize again. So obviously, that will have a lot of margin to it because the costs will be sunk. So our litmus test is, is the product that we're putting on growing subs? And as long as it continues to grow subs, we're going to feed it. On your sports question, this is going to be a free ad-supported service like CBSN. So basically, what we see is an appetite of demand for consumers that want news and highlights of sports where we see a void in the marketplace, and they want it on their terms, on their time. And so we're going to give that to them. And again, we think it's attractive, but we think the demographic is very attractive for advertising. And we will tuck it in as part of All Access as well to bolster that offering in addition to CBSN, which will also be part of All Access.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Alexia, for monetizing it, obviously we are monetizing it. But as we reach more scale, you'll see that number obviously move heavily. Again, as Les said, as the demographics are younger, we're getting away from selling demographics and selling behavior. We know if you're in the market for a car or pet food, and so the return on investment for advertisers is much higher. So with that said, we still have to get millions more into CBS All Access. It's why we're making that investment to grow that. But we do see the opportunity there, but that's not – let me be clear – that's not in the Nielsen rating. And so that's where you're going to see the advertising really distinguish itself because again we are selling that on different metrics.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Mike, it's Joe. So look, on the categories, look, in Q3 of last year we had two sales. We had a Penny Dreadful sale and a renewal of our library with Netflix. And so that occurred last year in the third quarter. That's why, again, we always say over a longer period of time you take out the lumpiness of that. Obviously, we're looking at a strong fourth quarter in content sales, because, again, Madam Secretary is done. And Les alluded to active negotiations for NCIS: New Orleans. Look, we look at it, and on platforms, really SVOD and cable still need the content. They still need that for ratings, for certainly basic cable. We sell them all through the broadcast television. So the marketplace is there domestically, but international continues to be the best growth story that we have. Again, as we're doing that, we just sold Dynasty, which is going to be a CW show. And we're able to license product to Netflix in this case, or Amazon again. So we're able to do global deals much more effectively in today's marketplace because of the global nature of some of these SVOD services. That said, is there are a lot of local SVOD players that are very competitive, and so we just want to make sure that that dynamic in the marketplace continues. As far as the 65 shows goes, just to give you some context, that's up 14% just from quarter over quarter. We're doing 14% more hours, so that's an investment choice we're making, because, again, because we see the returns. So as we keep pushing this snowball downhill, as we said, we have more than 600 episodes domestically that we haven't sold, and every day that goes by it's more and more. And by the way, all this also feeds All Access as well. So you can see where you get the trifecta benefit from producing great content.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. John, sure we are. Look, obviously as we expand internationally, there's a fixed cost base that as it scales, we're going to get more and more benefits of that. But clearly, we're making an investment in people and systems and infrastructure to do that. But we're also – again, we're going to use content that we have in our library to help that. We're going to use our News product, we're going to use our Sports product. Wherever we can bolster the offering, we're going to do that. And so there's clearly an investment we're making, but clearly we can leverage the fixed cost base over multiple countries as we expand.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Vijay, look we don't give guidance, so that's why we pointed out these opportunities. So clearly, they are high margin opportunities. But again, we are investing and growing and expanding our content in the pipeline. So we're not going to get into predicting what the OI margin is going to grow by in 2018. But clearly, that's why we wanted to highlight these things that are very significant to our top line. So we'll manage that. We're managing the company to growing the top line and stuff. And so if we wanted to manage for margin, clearly, as Les said, we could have sold Star Trek to Netflix and we could have increased our margin in 2017, but we're looking at this as a long-term investment. Second, on tax reform, most of our income is domestic, so we're not anticipating a whole lot of change, certainly in our book tax rate. Obviously, it's a little higher, so that would go down a little bit. But then we've got to factor in what happens with state deductions or not. So we're going to monitor this closely. We don't think it's again going to be a huge driver one way or the other for our cash flow or our GAAP earnings. But we'll stay close to this to make sure we're maximizing our after-tax cash flow whatever the rules are.
Joseph R. Ianniello: David, I appreciate you pointing that out, first of all. It's a flaw in my remarks. I should have said it at the top and the bottom that $2.5 billion by 2020, as you said, and we're crossing the halfway point this year, and you saw it. Year to date, retrans and reverse comp is up 27%.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And so to continue to do that, I reiterate that on our call, so we feel very good about that. And again, I just want to say why. Why do we feel good about that? Because the ratings, the audience that CBS is delivering, is five times the amount of retrans and reverse comp fees we are receiving. So we are way, way, way, over-indexing on what we deliver. So until that's a one-to-one ratio, I will not rest. So that's the first point. The second point on the deadline, look, it's a little bit out of our control because there are obviously all the customary approvals we have to go through, but we fully expect to be closing this transaction in about two weeks. I don't want to predict the exact day, but certainly we feel good about it. We think the offer to CBS shareholders is fair. We priced it to complete it, and that's what we fully expect to happen in a couple of weeks.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Bryan, on scatter price, scatter pricing is up double digits over upfront and up double digits over scatter last year. So the demand is very strong, and it's across a broad array of categories. So we're feeling very good about the advertising climate. And so we're monetizing the ratings points or the consumption, we should say, of all the ways consumers now watch the content. So that's our focus. In terms of the pension, look, it's slightly accretive because obviously there's interest cost on the borrowings offset by the premium savings on the insurance premiums. And so net-net, given where the interest rates are and the costs of what we're paying for underfunding just made no sense. So it's not going to move the needle a whole lot. It's just accretive and is why we did it now. And so it was opportunistic. We looked at it, it's a no-brainer. It reduces risk and volatility going forward, and it's at a lower cost. So it seemed like a no-brainer.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, it's going to be funded in Q4. It will be funded in Q4. And then that liability, that over $800 million, will be transferred to an insurance company, thus off of our books by the end of the year.
