Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. Let me dive in there. So look, definitely a lot of conversation about the space. But I’ve made three points in response to your question. The first one is we continue to believe that the TAM today in streaming is huge and that it will continue to grow. And related to that, we believe the TAM that we target is even larger than most people think. Because as you know, we believe in both, pay and free offerings, including lower cost advertising supportive options. And that means we appeal to the broadest potential number of consumers. So, while there’s no question that market sentiment has moved around a little bit, we continue to think that consumers are only moving in one direction. And we’re very excited about the potential there. Second, as a company, we’re early in penetrating the market. So, there is tremendous runway ahead of us. And if you look at the momentum that we are seeing, including in the last couple of quarters, we feel very good about getting there. And third, in terms of how we’re going after the market. As we said, we’re running a differentiated playbook, taking our broad content, this broad streaming business model spanning free and pay with dual revenue streams ad and subscription, multiple platforms, broadcast, cable, theatrical, plus streaming, and this global operating footprint. And we’re putting all that together in a unique model, which really drives streaming momentum and builds us to a more attractive financial model, where we’re able to produce similar margins we believe to legacy streamers at a lower scale. So, despite all that conversation, nothing has changed in the context of our thinking. Again, we see tremendous momentum here. And we’re very excited about the road ahead.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. I’ll take the first one and then I’ll -- then Naveen will take the ARPU question. So, on a total company basis, as you know, we saw added 6.3 million subs, Paramount+ added 6.8 million. So, de facto the other category, which is what we report, we report Paramount+ and total, so by definition, other declined about 500,000. That other category includes Showtime, also includes BET+ and Noggin and some other smaller international streaming services. If you look at that category of other, yes, it declined 500,000 in the quarter, but it added 5 million subs last year. So, it’s not inconsequential to the success and momentum of our streaming business, and it’s not just Showtime. If you look at Q1, a couple of those services were impacted by timing of programming availability. So, that was a factor. But big picture, we view a combination of broad service, in this case, Paramount+, plus specific service services which target specific consumer segments, things like Noggin, things like Showtime as additive to going after the largest TAM. And again, our streaming history has proven that they are additive, ex-Q1. So, we continue to believe that’s a good strategy. We do make decisions of where to put programming. As you pointed out last year, we moved Halo from Showtime to Paramount+, because we viewed Paramount+ as the broader platform and that was a better place for that show. We moved The Man Who Fell to Earth the other direction. We thought that was a better place for that show. So, we think about these things, but we really look at the constellation of services. The other point I’d make is we are on a path to integrate these much more. Sure we do a commercial bundle today with Paramount+ and Showtime. But as we’ve said in the summer, you’re going to be able to get Showtime within Paramount+ as an additional option. And that’ll set us up because we have the opportunity to do that with other brands as well. So again, serving super fans with a super broad offering, but still offering some à la carte options, we think is the right strategy. So, that’s how we’re thinking about it, Rich. On the ARPU point, Naveen.
Bob Bakish: And then, real quick, yes, the back half of the year is busy in D2C. Obviously, we got a great content slate coming, very excited about that. The real volume of activity, arguably in a change versus prior year basis is international launches, UK and South Korea in June, then we will roll to Italy, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, France through the remainder of the year, all of that enabled by obviously our streaming platform and content lineup, but very importantly, our local teams on the ground, building on relationships we have, including hard bundle relationships. So tremendous amount of activity as we scale Paramount+ very quickly. It’s going to be an exciting year.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure. I guess, in reverse order, because the first one is quicker. So, box office, we feel very good about it. We just got some research that on the domestic side consumer comfort is at 87%. That is the highest level since the pandemic began. And we’ve released a number of films, all of which are number one to date. The third one, Lost City was a real canary in the coal mine in a good way, because that was an older female audience that came to the theater. The first two were younger male audiences, which we were less worried about showing up. And of course, Sonic, our fourth one did very well. That’s a broader family audience. So, we like what we’re seeing. Our sense now is box office for 2022 will probably be down, about 20% versus 2019, which we think is pretty good. So, we feel good about it. And we’re super excited going into Memorial Day weekend with Top Gun: Maverick. We’re actually going to the San Diego premiere on Wednesday night. We think that’s going to be awesome. We showed it at CinemaCon in Vegas to the theater owners, and literally I’ve never read tweets like that. People were just incredibly gushing about it. The perfect tent-pole was one of the comments I saw. So, we’re feeling good about theatrical. We’re very happy to be in the business. We think it’s good standalone business and clearly drives streaming. To your first question on streaming and advertising, look, we were early in that game. We led it, because we believed in it when other people didn’t. And we still believe and we are a leader. And we are differentiated. This is not an easy business to replicate. It starts with an integrated strategy that spans free and paid streaming and leadership in free for sure and growing on the pay side, including obviously Paramount+ Essential. It also extends to multi platform, advertising goes across broadcast, cable and streaming, and we have leadership positions in broadcast and cable too. And it’s non-trivial, to stitch all that together. Add to that content, which is both libraries -- primarily libraries on the free side with Pluto and originals, you heard some of the stats via -- sorry Paramount global libraries power our streaming platforms, and again, very difficult to replicate. And then, on the platform side, Pluto is pretty advanced, connected TV platform. And we continue to add features, including ad tech features to it like dynamic ad management, ad load management. So, that’s differentiated marketing. Naveen talked about it, the power of our cross platform management, marketing and the cost effectiveness of that. And then, lastly, international, as we’re rolling it out, whether it’s the hard bundle model, which we talked about, or what we’re doing this month with NENT, where we’re rolling out this local model, where we bring platform and big libraries, and they bring local content and local ad monetization. So, yes, we view the all the discussion on advertising as a validation of our strategy. But we are the leader and we have real assets here, and we will continue to push ahead and lead this market.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Jessica. So, on the India side, the point you make is why we said what we’re doing in India is so capital efficient. So, you’re right. There’s -- cricket is going to trade in the marketplace. And beyond that, I’m not going to say. But no, our intent is not to put cricket on Paramount+, but remember what I said. It’s a hard bundle strategy, which means Paramount+ will travel with other assets. And therefore, we believe there’s a real opportunity to benefit from cricket without having to pay for it on Paramount+. So, that assumes of course that the asset ends up in a certain place. But that’s the answer on India. Again, we’re tremendously excited about that market, about our partner, Reliance, about Bodhi Tree coming in and benefiting from a leadership position there in. To your second question, on cross platform and content, I’d just say a couple things. One is, we think about our TV Media business every day. We’re a leader. Again, CBS, number one network despite the fact that one of our competitors had the Olympics and the Super Bowl. That speaks to the power and strength of our programming slate there in. Likewise, on the cable side, as of Q1, we continue to lead on virtually every demographic on share. And the reason is because we put a lot of great programming on those platforms, a lot of exclusive firsts on those platforms, which we’re happy to do because we partner with distributors who are providing those services to consumers. So, again, our strategy is for sure to continue to reinforce value there as we simultaneously build our streaming business. And by the way, our distributors are active with us, on the streaming side too. Every MVPD, vMVPD deal we’ve done certainly in the past year, but really longer than that, I’m pretty sure, includes a streaming component, might include a Pluto component, might include a Paramount+ component, might include both. But it’s really working with distributors to both, ensure stability and predictability in the linear side, while simultaneously helping them transform their business to the broadband video side.
Bob Bakish: Sure. Look, we like sports as a component of our programming strategy across platforms. CBS Sports is a clear market leader in it. Great portfolio of sports assets, including NFL, including NCAA, including golf, including by extension on -- mostly on Paramount+ plus but also been on CBS UEFA, that’s all obviously U.S. And we have been select adding sports properties outside the U.S. We do all this in a very disciplined way looking at ROI to ensure there’s some stuff that’s traded that we haven’t done because we didn’t think it was worth the price point. But we very much like it as a component of our strategy. It’s performing very well in the broadcast market, both on a viewership and an advertiser perspective. And it’s clearly, as I said in my remarks, driving streaming as well. The first quarter benefited once again from sports on Paramount+. So, we like it. In terms of negotiations, all negotiations have their challenges, but we were just with an international league last week, talking to them about the power of Paramount in the context of our platforms, our production expertise, our monetization capabilities and really showcasing the value of sports to us. And, I think it’s a compelling package we offer. And I’m very happy playing that plan. So, it’s part of our strategy. It’s clearly not our whole strategy, but it’s additive. With that, I just want to close by thanking everyone for joining for our Q1 call, and thank you for your continued support. As I hope you’ve seen, Paramount’s high-growth streaming business, underpinned by real strength in film, broadcast and cable is a powerful combination and it has clear momentum. So, our differentiated strategy, as we said, is creating advantage. We are excited about the road ahead. Until the next time we speak, everyone stay well.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, with respect to the question about margins in streaming, I think, it’s very important to understand that as a diversified media company, we have the ability to fundamentally change the economics of streaming. I think we’re the only player that is truly scaled across broadcast, cable and both pay streaming and free streaming services, and that has real economic benefit for us. And I’ll give you a couple of examples. First, with respect to content, you see a lot of pure-play streamers that have to spend billions of dollars a year renting library content. We have that in-house, and library content is responsible for a large share of viewing on streaming services, and it’s absolutely critical to subscriber retention. And so, for us, we are able to not only avoid billions of dollars in rental expense, we’ve actually now learned that we can use our own library for retention, while also getting paid by third-parties for non-exclusive right. So, that’s a significant benefit to our streaming P&L if you will. Another example in the marketing area, as many people know, launching new shows is expensive. Not uncommon to see a big scripted original need tens of millions of dollars of marketing support to build an audience. But our model helps avoid those costs really in two ways. We have a lot of existing IP, well-known IP, large franchises that have built-in audiences that we can bring to streaming. Think of Paw Patrol or an 1883, coming off a Yellowstone, a franchise like Sonic, and even big CBS shows like FBI, NCIS, et cetera. We’ve been able to bring those to streaming with very limited incremental marketing expenses. And then, second on the marketing front, we have access to a lot of very valuable, very powerful promotional inventory across the broadcast cable, digital and social channels that we run. You saw us utilize this during the AFC championship game, where we were promoting Halo with some great integrated experiences, and that’s a broadcast that reached over $30 million viewers. That would be very expensive to leverage if you were a pure place streamer and you didn’t own that promotional inventory. So, you take those kinds of benefits, which again are unique to our position, as a diversified media company. And you can see how that really adds up to a significant difference in overall streaming economics.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Yes, there is a gap between cash content spend and content expense or amort, [ph] but we do expect that to improve and therefore overall free cash flow. I should say, we expect it to narrow and therefore overall free cash flow conversion to improve. The gap you’re seeing today between cash and amort is primarily related to two dynamics: number one, the return of our production to more normalized levels, post-COVID; and then, number two, continued growth and investment around streaming content. And I think on the COVID piece, we expect to see that easing through the remainder of 2022. Streaming investment will obviously continue to ramp through 2024, though the growth rate does slow over time. And as that growth rate slows, the gap between cash and expense will start to narrow. And then, in parallel, we also, as I’ve spoken about before, continue to drive a number of different working capital improvements that should help overall free cash flow conversion. But hopefully, that gives you some sense of what to expect on the trends there.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So, a couple of things on ARPU. In terms of the year-on-year trends that you are asking about, Rich, that really is a function of the mix between international and domestic. We’ve obviously grown -- or I should say, we’ve launched in number of international markets and grown our subscriber base there over the course of the last year. And so, that mix is skewing a little more international than it was a year ago. And given that it’s the mix that is driving that number, I think it’s more helpful to look at the individual components, which is to say, look at what happened with domestic ARPU and international ARPU separately, and when you look at it that way, both of those numbers, domestic and international ARPU improves both, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year in Q1. Drivers of each are a little bit different. On the domestic side, that ARPU benefited from the fact we had a lot of folks in free trial state in Q4. And as we said, back then, we expected they would convert and become paid subscribers in Q1, which did happen. And on the international side, ARPU continues to benefit from the fact that the subs we’re adding are coming from markets where ARPU tends to be higher than sort of our installed base where we started in some smaller Latin American markets. So, that’s sort of the trend for Q1. In terms of where we see that going in the future and how big could it get relative to other industry peers, we do think there is upside potential. It’s a combination of both, growth in ad ARPU as well as continued strength on the subscription piece of it. I would remind you that as we said last quarter, domestic paid ARPU is around $9. And that actually grew in Q1 relative to Q4 as well. So, that gives you some sense of sort of the long-term potential when you look at it separately between domestic and international.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Look, in terms of Pluto, there was a little bit of softness in Q1. But similar to Bob’s comments, I think that was driven entirely by market dynamics and categories that are impacted by supply chain or in some cases comping against categories that had a real COVID bump in the prior year period. And I wouldn’t lose sight of the fact that Pluto revenue still grew more than 50% off $1 billion base, which by the way is despite some changes that we made to reduce ad load in order to continue to improve and evolve our user experience, which I think will benefit long-term engagement and monetization. That all translated to compelling ARPU trends in the quarter. I mentioned domestic ARPU being up more than 20%, international ARPU growing at an even faster clip than that. And so, looking forward, we think the strong user growth and engagement trends probably will continue to drive monetization. There will be some impact from the overall ad market based on some of the dynamics that Bob described there. But big picture, Pluto was a business where the combination of structural growth and our significant leadership position allow us to offset some of those cyclical headwinds by a very, very significant margin.
