Leslie Moonves: Yes. I'm not going to come out with a prediction on the upfront. Suffice it to say, we're very encouraged by what we see out there. There's going to be winners and losers, as there are every year. We're looking forward to the upfront. Obviously, having the NFL on Thursday Night tightens the inventory a great deal for us, and obviously, sports is sold somewhat differently. But prime time football will be a very high number. In addition, we'll spread out more originals throughout the season, and that should go on. More and more of the viewing obviously is increasing to a C3 number. So post live viewing, we're seeing -- like on a show like Elementary, it's more than 4.5 million people are watching it after the live broadcast. And we have more than 6 or 7 shows that get more than 3 million viewers that's just on C3. When you start adding in C7, that number will go up significantly more as well. What's happened -- and frankly, advertisers adapted fairly quickly to the shift to C3. Advertisers -- what people don't understand is, they want -- they want the large audiences. They want every viewer counted, because it means their advertising are being watched by more people. As the world expands, and once again as I said, you're going to see more and more C7 deals. They're going to want those extra 4 days. And when that doesn't occur, once again, we can sell it in different ways. So we can't wait to get the selling season starting. We're only going to have 6 nights to sell plus football. So our numbers are going to go up significantly because of that. And when you look at what we're going to do with advertising in the summer, and more originals throughout the year, I expect our numbers to be up quite a bit.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Look, what's been great about our company, I'm really proud, is we've been very nimble. There are more buyers getting into the ballgame every single day. So now when you look at the SVOD players that are becoming a big part of it, you're right. At the time when there literally were people out there that said, "If you do business with Netflix, we're going to sell your stock." To people realization -- the people's realization that what a great new revenue stream. And as we take out any product to market, there's a whole new world out there of buyers, and now we're looking down the road at other people getting into the marketplace. SVOD's becoming bigger. Cable is still buying. TV stations are still buying. So I think innovation is the right word. We take a property, and we acknowledge how quickly do we want to sell it to SVOD, what our cable prosperity for the shows, and each show is a different animal. Once again, our capacity is continuing to grow, because as we've shown in the summer, the back end is now becoming as important as the front end. That's something that was unheard of 5 years ago. So with Under the Dome and Extant, these are deals we couldn't have made 5 years ago. We couldn't have afforded to do it. And as I said it with both of these shows, they are profitable from Day 1, as you enter the marketplace. Let me go back to saying we are nimble. We do an analysis. There are new buyers, there are new people that want the content, both online and over the air. We are looking at OTT in every way, shape or form. But as you know, and we've stated this, unless we get paid appropriately for it, we won't do those deals. But it is definitely our intent to increase the amount of content that we own. You will see that next week in our schedule. You'll see it with Showtime. We just announced some new shows with The CW. And as I said, we're developing 4 other places. So content is our product. We are programmers at our core. We are product people. And as the world evolves, we're going to be well positioned for the future.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Once again, we're in discussion with Comcast about that and obviously, there are certain things in one contract and certain things in the other, both -- there are advantages and disadvantages. But we expect, as we've done in the past with Comcast, to come to resolutions that are satisfactory for both parties. And that's our expectation as we go further.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, look, the ad dollars were not used to broadcast networks putting on summer programming. So the assumption was, it was going to be repeat theater or some crummy reality shows. I think we have changed that entire profile. Going in last year, Under the Dome was pretty much of a shocker for everybody, when they were anticipating a low number. And once again, as we said, because of our deal with Amazon and our huge international sale, we were in profit if that did a 0.1 rating. When it sort of went through the roof and did extraordinarily well, the advertisers were very happy to be on board. And obviously, we sort of set the pattern for this year. So when we came in with Under the Dome 2 and Extant, obviously, our advertising rates are significantly higher than they were a year ago. And advertisers now view us as a 12-month a year programming machine. And as I said, we have 90 hours of original programming. Four years ago, there would have been maybe 2.5 hours, and that would have been a country music special. And that would have been -- or the extent of our summer programming. Now there are series throughout the summer. And it's pretty exciting, not only for what it's bringing in revenue, but as it leads up into the fall.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Mike, I'll do the first question. I'll have Joe do the second one. In terms of C3, there are a lot more advertisers that were looking at C7 and now that the counting that comes from DVRs will be counted in terms of that. And then more and more of it is online. And when you look at that at cbs.com, and I'm sure for some of our competitors on Hulu, you will see that the dynamic ad insertion, that's where that comes into play, and once again we have an entire sales force that's in charge of doing that. So that's an additional revenue stream that comes out of our interactive group. Once again, as measurement gets better and better, for DVR viewing, we will be able to get paid from our advertisers for that as well.
Leslie Moonves: So you make a valid point. They've been legal. They've been used in New York City for many, many years. I haven't heard any results. All I heard was they ran out of antenna. So that didn't seem that it was a viable product. And obviously, it was something we would keep an eye on. But as I said, we have deals with most of our MVPDs for a long, long time to deliver our content. If we would see the commercial viability, there are things we can do. We're talking to people about OTT. We're talking to people about delivering it directly to our consumers. We are thinking -- we're talking about doing Aereo amongst ourselves, if that became viable. So as I said, I don't lose sleep out of it. We don't think it's a viable product. We don't think we're going to lose in the court. We don't think it's a viable product. And if it was, it won't be viable because it won't have our content.
Leslie Moonves: I'll go first, because it will be a quick answer. ESPN has had the other SEC games for many, many years. We get the premier game, just about every week, except for maybe 1 or 2. So our package is by far the best over the air schedule, you see the numbers. It's a pretty extraordinary deal. It goes on for more than 1 decade. So we actually view SEC viewing on ESPN as a positive and just additional promotion for our premier Alabama, LSU, Auburn, Texas A&M, you name them, Tennessee, Kentucky. I don't want to offend anybody who may be listening. We have the premier game. And that's only going to be a good thing for us.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, Laura, we -- actually regarding the SVOD players, we're in discussion with them. We have a few projects in development. There is nothing directly there yet. But you are absolutely right, the SVOD players like the more serialized content, less [ph] more so. They've done extremely well with that. And obviously, House of Cards has been a significant hit for them. I think the international marketplace has changed every way we look at things. Because now the SVOD players are part of the conversation. So when our international guys go out with whatever series there is, SVOD becomes part of the original conversation. How does that fit with cable or over the air? And where does that deliver the most money for us? As I said, we have a few projects in development. We're looking forward to doing originals for Netflix and Amazon, and the idea that Microsoft and Yahoo! are now getting into that, we'd be happy to sell to them as well.
Leslie Moonves: Not really. Not really. It's very funny, we just did an analysis of next week's potential schedule that we're going to announce on Wednesday, and the actual cost of that schedule is less than this year's schedule, because a lot of it has to do with the aging of shows that cost more later on, put it on with new shows. So the -- if you know the Production business as well as we do, I think you can contain your costs and still put out the top premium content. And that's what we're doing.
Leslie Moonves: Well, content licensing is growing significantly, and it's growing in a variety of markets. Obviously, in our strongholds, which are Europe, they are growing because of the increase of cable networks. And there is a great deal of competition. We're also greatly aided by the increase in Netflix and Amazon as well, internationally. As soon as Netflix opens up in new territory like Germany, they did recently, there is a great acquisition that they will do from us by definition. The licensing is the majority of our revenue internationally. However, we have expanded our channels as well. Other territories are opening up, more significantly Eastern Europe, the Far East, as well as Latin America. South America is growing substantially. So the good news is we are virtually selling everything we own everywhere. And that means soap operas, talk shows, game shows, in addition to the premium stuff you see in prime time. And you can see David Letterman all over the world in about 200 markets. And hopefully, Stephen Colbert will be in 220. So there is a great future internationally.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, Showtime content, as you hear us referenced many times in these calls, we mention what we own. And over the last 4 or 5 years, it's been a priority for us to own a majority of the content. So we own Ray Donovan. We own, partially, Masters of Sex. We own all of Penny Dreadful. We own Dexter and Californication, House of Lies. So the majority of these shows owned by Showtime are now owned by us. That wasn't the case 4 or 5 years ago, and the ability to sell these shows is now growing as premium cable is growing throughout the world and has great demand for these programs. And it's led by HBO and Showtime.
Leslie Moonves: Well, Marci, I'll answer your second question first, and then I'll turn it over to Joe to do the other one. Look, the health of our affiliates is very important to us. Remember, going in, however, we own almost 40% of the country, of our owned and operated stations. I was with the FCC this past Friday. There is no attempt to hurt the affiliates obviously. There's some controversy over the JSAs, and certain affiliates are objecting to that. But by and large the FCC wants a healthy affiliate body. When you look down the road and say what would happen if affiliates weren't able to perform? Remember, almost 90% of our people that watch CBS, watch it through satellite, through telcos or through cable. If an affiliate wasn't there, there's obviously a way to get our programming to those people. Having said that, we believe in localism. We believe in our affiliates. The CBS affiliate body is very strong, and we don't view this system as in jeopardy in any way, shape or form.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I think, Jessica, look. We're obviously creating a lot of financial capacity. We're focused on getting the Outdoor deal done, and we're going to do that. I think, again, even if you looked at the weighty agency calculations, you see sufficient capacity there. So within our ratings. So we're going to continue to look at that in the coming months. But that's going to be my focus over the next couple of months.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure, David. It's Joe. I'll take that. First off, we're very pleased with the performance of CBS Outdoor. And as it relates to the timing, we've always said we were going to separate them in 2014. But we always have an option to accelerate it, but that decision is really going to be based on market conditions, the FCC registration process and a discussion with our bank. So hopefully, that gives you some context around the timing. But as far as capital returns, the $6 billion, again, it's really -- a lot of that -- a big piece of that is driven on the exchange offer. So obviously, it's relative. So we have to decide what the stock prices are going to be for the absolute value of $6 billion. So I think, again, yes, math implies, again, I think we're not saying we're done. We're not saying we have no more capacity. I think what we're just saying just kind of approximately $6 billion. So could it be north of $6 million? Sure. So we're going to continue to focus on that and look at that, but I don't think you're hearing us today tell you what our leverage target is going to be. I think what we're focused on is doing this deal, and relooking at the business. But one thing is for sure. We're creating financial capacity. That we absolutely know.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, Alexia, it's Joe again. Look, I think we look at all acquisitions. Again, we sit here, we feel strategically complete. If there's something out here, we always look at it. We obviously can figure out the financing of an acquisition at the appropriate time. But as we sit here today, our best and highest use of excess cash is to buy back our stock because given the growth opportunities we laid out for you and the $2 billion in retrans and Les laid out all these emerging platforms, we see no better use than buying back our stock at these levels.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Mike, on your second part of the question, the major satellite deal that comes up, it really will impact 2015 forward because it comes up at the end of the year. And as far as the affiliate fees, well I guess I'd say, whenever Floyd Mayweather fights, not only will somebody's head be lumpy, but some of the revenue at Showtime might be a little lumpy too, because of the way we record the revenues. It's a gross method as opposed to a net method. But we love when Floyd fights.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think that's fair. And I think, again, obviously, the Dexter sale also fueled revenue growth and continued that pretty steady margin of 48%.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Anthony, thanks for your question. I do think it's going to grow from 2012 in the midterm elections, because where our stations are and where these campaigns are, we're better positioned. So traditionally, we have done better in the mid-term cycle. I think removing that cap can only be a good thing. We'll see how big, big can be. But as you know, we generate about 75% of political revenue in the back half of the year.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, David, it's Joe. On the split, the first thing I'd say, we're going to price it for success. So I don't think we plan on having a failed exchange. But in the unlikely event that we don't get all the shares in, we certainly can do a follow-on. We can also do a follow-up pro rata spin-off. So again, I think we have a couple of backup alternatives to make sure we get our ownership down to 0, which was part of the ruling that we received from the IRS.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And on local digital, Laura, people are absolutely consuming it on mobile devices, tablets, iPhones. So we really think we have a competitive advantage here on kind of traveling with your local brands. And so we're clearly seeing usage up, consumption, and we are monetizing it. And again, we do think that's still a big -- another growth driver that is still untapped.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, Alan. It's obviously, we have to file a Form 4 and a tender offer document. So there's an FCC registration process also involved.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And as far as the buyback, Marci, look, we tried -- we did $2 billion in the first quarter and we said again, approximately $6 billion for the full year. So at the turn, if we're at $2.5 billion plus or minus, we don't want to get too caught up into quarterly buybacks. But again, the target's there. So we're going to be opportunistic and buy our stock attractively throughout the year.
