Anthony DiClemente: Good afternoon. My name is Anthony DiClemente, and I am the Head of Investor Relations at ViacomCBS. It is my pleasure to welcome you to our Streaming Investor Event and Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Presentation. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that certain statements made in today's presentation are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Information about these risks and uncertainties are discussed in more detail in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's financial remarks will focus on adjusted results. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures can be found in our earnings release or in our trending schedules, which contain supplemental information, and in each case, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that being said, on behalf of everyone at ViacomCBS, I would like to thank you for taking the time to join us this afternoon. And now, sit back, relax, and enjoy the show. [Video Presentation]
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Stephen. Good evening everyone. Sorry for the late start tonight. I had traffic on the 101 was a little bit worse than expected, but thanks for staying with us. I'm Anthony DiClemente, EVP of Investor Relations at ViacomCBS. And with me on stage for a Q&A session is Bob Bakish, our CEO, Naveen Chopra, our CFO, and Tom Ryan, President and CEO of Streaming. We’re going to spend the next 30 minutes answering questions. Our analysts are joining us by zoom. [Operator Instructions]
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Alexia. We'll take our next question from Mike Morris at Guggenheim Securities. Mike, go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks a lot, Mike. Our next question will come from Brett Feldman at Goldman Sachs. Brett, please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks a lot, Brett. Let's take our next question from Ben Swinburne at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Ben.
Anthony DiClemente: Great. Thanks so much, Ben. Why don't we take our next question from Rich Greenfield at LightShed. Rich, go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente: Yes, Your Honor is gripping. Thanks so much, Rich. Why don't we take our next question from John Janedis at Wolfe Research. John, please go ahead with your question.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, Robert. Let's take our next question from Steven Cahall at Wells Fargo. Steve? Steven, are you there? Maybe Steve can come back to us, why don't we take the next question. All right, go ahead Steve.
Bob Bakish: Thanks, James. Lastly, let me say that Paramount+ is not the only part of our streaming strategy that makes us unique. We're also the only media company to fully embrace an ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming services. That starts with free. We acquired Pluto TV two years ago because it is a compelling, free, ad-based complement to linear and streaming video. Today, Pluto is the number one free ad-supported streaming television service in the United States and is quickly becoming a leading fast service around the world. Pluto may not be a planet, but it sure looks like a rocket ship. And it's well on its way to being a $1 billion business, and it's not going to stop there. On the premium side of the spectrum, we have Showtime OTT and BET+. We believe strongly in the premium space, because it attracts a different kind of consumer, one who values provocative, cutting-edge content and storytelling that takes risks. All told, no matter where you are on your streaming journey, we have fantastic content for you. This is a differentiated winning strategy. One of the reasons I'm so excited about our streaming future is that we have Tom Ryan, the visionary who built Pluto TV and a master at seeing and acting upon white spaces, driving our streaming execution across free, pay and premium. As Tom will tell you, you don't want to miss the chance to be part of it. It's my pleasure to introduce the President and CEO of Streaming at ViacomCBS, Tom Ryan.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. So look, on the content licensing side, if you look at ViacomCBS, we're obviously a powerhouse content producer from an original standpoint and have broad and deep libraries to back that up. We've long been in the content licensing business. But as we've scaled our streaming trajectory, particularly on the pay side, what you've seen us do is lean more towards the streaming side, particularly when it comes towards franchises and IP, and if you watch what we presented today, you see franchise originals really across the board in all the genres that we're bringing to Paramount+, we believe that's critical to attracting subscribers and we believe that links very well to library. Now, as we do that, we pick up more internal licensing versus third-party licensing. In addition, we obviously are rolling Paramount+ out globally. There we have specific countries that we have announced, then we have a specific plan beyond that going forward. And as we go to pay O&O streaming in a country, whether that Latin America or Australia or the Nordics that we've already announced, or other countries down the road, you'll see us pickup what might have been prior output deals, and then have them go to more in-house output deals, that's certainly what's going on in the launch countries, including with respect to Showtime, because Showtime product will be Paramount+ outside the US. So yeah, that poses a change in composition of the business, but it doesn't mean we're exiting the business. We still like the business. It does provide some attractive financial characteristics, as well as being an important platform for franchise development. So for example, you saw us bringing a new version of iCarly to Paramount+ this year as part of our kids offering. We do have prior seasons of the original iCarly available today on a large streamer and we think that helps with franchise development. So hopefully that helps you understand the trajectory we're going down.
Bob Bakish: Yeah, Bret, let me hop in here, this is Bob, because if you look at the history of Viacom, particularly Viacom Legacy, what you see is over the last four years, we've substantially grown our book-of-business and diversified our book-of-business with in particular MVPDs. And what I mean by that is, we're not only licensing linear feeds, but we're also engaged in advanced ad partnerships, and more recently licensing apps, whether those are free apps, like Pluto, or paid apps like at the time CBS All Access. And that's really all about being a multifaceted and more important content supplier. We've found that works particularly well, particularly as those entities build our broadband distribution. So, we like being a valued content player to a broad range of distributors. That's very much, our strategy, and certainly will be so as we roll out Paramount+. Maybe Tom, you want to add a little more there.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. So let me jump in, I'll actually take both of them. So first of all what we announced today, we absolutely have the rights to with respect to the 499 tier. Second, we have partnerships, of all sorts of dimensions across this industry, including with the distribution community and that obviously includes MVPD, stations and other types of distributors. And so as we you know move forward and transform businesses, we are for short sensitive to those partnerships. The station side, obviously the live local feeds are in the 999 version of the product. The station's participate economically in that and in that growth. They get their local news exhibited there, et cetera. So we are sensitive to it. At the same time, we are also moving forward with a simplified version of the product that we think meets the market. As to the split of subscribers overtime, we'll have to see, they're both compelling for different reasons.  The second part of your question Showtime. The first thing I tell you is on Halo that show was commissioned when there was no vision for Paramount+. As David said, it's been in development and now in production for some time and we came to the conclusion, he and I jointly that the characteristics of that show will better linked to a broad product, a Paramount+ then Showtime as we look to get the most possible value out of it.  At the same time, the other shows you mentioned, including Yellowjackets, which looks phenomenal. I mean, they are, if you will, classic Showtime in that they are definitely edgier, they are definitely riskier. They are definitely a little bit more visually jarring, AKA [ph] a little less mass market. And so we like them in the Showtime lane and by the way, Showtime has been doing fantastic as David said, it's had a great run financially this year. It's had two back-to-back strong years on the over the top subscriber side, and the trajectory looks quite good, particularly as it stays in this premium lane, where others, kind of, move around a bit. So we like Showtime in its lane. I'm really excited about the slate and by the way, if you haven't seen Your Honor you really should Rich. That was show we released in the fourth quarter. It's the biggest hit – new hit of the year on Showtime and it's fabulous. So hopefully that helps. 
Bob Bakish: Sure, I'll take that. So we came up with the pricing strategy because we wanted to one serve the greatest addressable audience, which we think the two tiers does. And also, the two tiers allow us to drive both subscription and advertising revenue. And in addition the 499 tier gives us greater flexibility in how we go to market with distribution partners. The 499 tier has way more content than CBS All Access ad. The 999 tier has more live sports, more breaking news, and it has no ads. And so, we came up with those by doing a variety of research, listening to customers and understanding what we thought would be the price points that would allow us to address the greatest possible audience. And so we think that those are great places for us to be. Over time, if - you know, as we see success, we will revisit those price points, but right now we think that those are the best price points to go to market within they're clearly very competitive in each of their respective lands.
Bob Bakish: Sure, Robert. So as a Paramount+ live sports breaking news, mountain of entertainment, the live sports component, we believe is compelling from a subscriber acquisition and from a from a engagement standpoint. We obviously exhibit a variety of sports on CBS and by extension, today on Paramount+, whether it's the NFL, the NCAA golf. We recently did a deal for UEFA, which is overwhelmingly now Paramount+ - was CBS All Access with a little bit of CBS carriage. I think that's a good example of a hybrid deal that you mentioned because what it allowed us to do was get exclusive product for Paramount+, but also help the league's in terms of their audience development longer term by benefiting from broadcast. So we think Paramount+ is an important - it's obviously a critical product for us overall. It is an integral part of our sports paradigm. I talk with Sean McManus a lot about that including today. Sean runs CBS Sports and yeah going forward you will see us use that platform as a key component of our overall sports business. Some of it will be exclusive to Paramount+, some of it will be broader.
Bob Bakish: Sure. So Steve, again we like the two lanes that we see one for Paramount+, one for Showtime. They both Paramount+ in its prior iteration CBS All Access and Showtime had very strong performance on the subscriber side and subscriber revenue side. And they both have distinct positionings. And we believe in brand positioning. We think that's important for consumer to understand what they're in this case buying and help them navigate a sea of choice and again, the positioning of Showtime versus Paramount+ are different. We are going to run a combine product outside the United States. It will be called Paramount+ and it will include Showtime. So we will have the benefit of looking at both configurations, and we can look at a variety of metrics as we do that, including as you state churn. But at the moment, we like the split play in the US. We believe that allow us to generate larger overall revenues and maintain real positioning power against the competitive landscape. In terms of guidance…
Bob Bakish: Sure. We're not providing an explicit breakdown between domestic and international in terms of our long-term goals. I will say that, we think they are both very important. As I said earlier, we look at streaming as a global opportunity. And we have big ambitions both for domestic subscriber growth, as well as international subscriber growth, and an advertising business across the board. And the reality is, depending on the pace at which we launched some international markets, you may see that split actually evolve over time. But as said, we're really focused on the global opportunity.
Bob Bakish: And the other thing I just add to it is Pluto. Implicit in your numbers, I think, are the pay side of the business, particularly when you look at the scale. But we see Pluto as another very meaningful business. It's obviously 100% ad supported, but it is not only domestic, it is global. So you really should add that into the equation as well, because as that continues to scale, it also is a very powerful tool for advertisers to use. You see them ramping in its consumption very materially as we speak. And so that is additive to the total enterprise as well. So, we are very excited about the future trajectory of the business, our ability first and foremost to serve consumers. But then, obviously, to monetize that through multiple revenue streams, subscription, advertising, and to a lesser extent, things like ancillary and consumer products.
Bob Bakish: Yeah. Thanks, Anthony. Look, on behalf of the entire ViacomCBS leadership team, thank you for joining us today. I know this session was long but we appreciate that you stuck with us. It was a little more than a year ago, when the ViacomCBS merger closed. And at the time, I said we were ready to hit the ground running to unlock value across this entire company. We'll fast forward a year, and you see our content position is strong. You see a real operating momentum. You can see it in our Q4 results. And those results were driven by the continuation of and really an acceleration of a strategy that's clearly working. And those results include nearly tripling of our global streaming subscriber base, and more than doubling of our streaming subscription revenue in the last two years. And that's obviously before we launch, everything that you've seen here today. Now, over the years, we've learned that if you want to stand out in entertainment, as in life, it helps to stand for something. And as we told you today, when it comes to streaming, we stand for something unique, an ecosystem of free, pay and premium streaming, underpinned in pay by the new Paramount+ service, which is a streaming service that combines live sports, breaking news and a mountain of entertainment. And it's a streaming service that will resonate with broad and diverse audiences. And it's a streaming service that has a robust slate of originals, which will only grow by harnessing the combined hit making power of this global content company. So we're tremendously excited about the role of ViacomCBS in the streaming future of media, and we look forward to delivering on our long-term goals for streaming and more, because we know that will deliver growth and shareholder value creation at this company. Lastly, I want to thank the team you heard from today and really all the amazing employees at ViacomCBS, who are bringing our streaming strategy to life each and every day. And I want to thank all of you as well for your time and your support. Stay well everyone. We'll talk to you soon.
Gayle King: Hey, George, as you can see, I'm here with your favorite evening news anchor, that's Norah O'Donnell. Hey, Norah.
Gayle King: This truly is an unprecedented time for us. Now it's not just about reporting a story. It's about why it matters. And that is the reason we go after and talk to the key people at the heart of every story at the end of the day, Norah. We know that's what really matters.
Gayle King: We hope so. This is the home of some of the most honored and iconic news franchises in the world from CBS This Morning, that's me, Anthony Mason and Tony Dokoupil. CBS Evening News with Nora O'Donnell, 60 minutes, CBS Sunday Morning with Jane Pauley, Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan 48 hours, and the list goes on and on.
Gayle King: Yes, Norah. I'm proud, too. Definitely exciting for all of us here at CBS News. George, your turn. Back to you.
David Nevins: Thank you, Julie. I'm here to talk about Halo, one of the most important game franchises of all time. The reason Halo has persisted in the culture for two decades is because of its incredible narrative and rich universe of stories and characters. With a cast led by Pablo Schreiber as the iconic Master Chief, the upcoming Halo series will weave intimate personal stories with incredible action and a lavishly imagined vision of the future.  Halo has been in production in Hungary. And I can tell you, it's visually stunning, totally thrilling, and significantly, it offers true four-quadrant general audience appeal. Its so promising in fact that we’ve made the strategic decision to have Showtime serve as the studio that produces the series for Paramount+. That’s right, Halo premier on Paramount+ early in 2022 and we all believe it’s going to be defining show for our new super service. We see this as another example of us marshalling the finest resources of the company in service of Paramount+. 
David Nevins: It's my privilege for the first time ever to show you a sneak peek of Halo coming to Paramount+ early in 2022. [Video Presentation] 
David Nevins: A drunk roguish patriarch, a lesbian gallery owner turned candidate for LA Mayor, a brass sadomasochistic attorney, and a shrewd relentlessly calculating hedge fund king, iconic characters shape our culture. They captivate, they fascinate, they elevate, they take risks, they make you say, I can't believe they just did that. They're not only thrilling to watch, they move us, and they change the way we think about each other, and the world. They define our most interesting conversations. So when we talk about culture, really we're talking about characters with unique voices and Showtime is their home. For 30 years, Showtime has been at the forefront of storytelling. Our stories, our characters and our content, push the culture forward. Our viewers have the cultural omnivores who want to be a part of the conversation, the adventure seekers who aren't afraid to be challenged, their consumers who want a provocative experience that they've heard about, and they won't be able to find anywhere else. This unique segment is why we at ViacomCBS believe in the broader strategy of carving out lanes. Some viewers will want the free content on Pluto, some will want the broad offerings on Paramount+ and some will want the premium entertainment offerings on Showtime. People are used to paying for premium Showtime content, and we are proving our value to consumers every day. That's why Showtime has grown streaming subscribers so dramatically the past few years. The fact is, the brands matter and Showtime stands out is the only pure play premium service for sophisticated, surprising culture moving content. We've got entertaining, compelling docu series like The Circus, VISE and Couples Therapy, decade defining shows like Billions, Shameless and The Chi and the premier combat sports line-up in America with premium boxing and MMA events throughout the year. So let me tell you about a few of the upcoming projects that we're so excited about. From the incredible director Susanne Bier who created the Night Manager and The Undoing comes the First Lady, featuring actors as powerful as the women they portray, with Viola Davis playing Michelle Obama, Michelle Pfeiffer as Betty Ford, and Gillian Anderson as Eleanor Roosevelt. Think of it as the crown for America. Moving from the east wing to the hills of Western Pennsylvania, our new series American Rust starring Jeff Daniels and Maura Tierney explores the elusive American Dream through a compromised chief of police. It's a compelling murder mystery that's going to grip audiences and strike right at the heart of some of today's most important conversations. And then there's Yellowjackets. It's the story of a girl's High School soccer team who's playing goes down in the Canadian wilderness, equal parts survival epic, psychological horror story and coming of middle age melodrama Yellowjackets stars Christina Ricci, Juliette Lewis, and Melanie Lynskey as the grown up women who must come to grips with what they had to do to survive. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Oscar winner Steve Zaillian is writing and directing Ripley, a thrilling multi season TV series based on the great novels by Patricia Highsmith that also inspired the hit movie. Ripley will be played by Andrew Scott, best known as the hot priests from Fleabag. It's a premium psychological drama shot in some of the most iconic locations around the world. Also, who said iconic characters had to be made up. Showtime has built a reputation for incredible documentaries. Here's a preview of our upcoming slate. [Video Presentation] In comedy, we couldn't be more excited about the Curse. This is the ultimate collaboration between Oscar Winner Emma Stone, Satiric Genius Nathan Fielder and boundary pushing filmmakers the Safdie Brothers of Uncut Gems fame. Starring Emma, Nathan and set against the backdrop of a cable home flipping show, the Curse keenly satirizes the performative aspects of white liberalism Run Amok. Next, we're bringing back an old favorite in a big way. The famous fixture, Ray Donovan will return to Showtime, this time in a feature length movie. We're thrilled that Liev Schreiber’s back to wrap-up the show, while setting us up for a potential movie franchise. And speaking of Favorites coming back in a big way, the pandemic of 2020 meant the last season of Billions got cut short. But last year's loss is this year's gain. We're coming back with 18 power-packed episodes of this culture defining show. Take a look. [Video Presentation] Oh yeah, one more thing. We do have one more treat for Showtime subscribers, but I'll let him speak for himself.
Scott Mills: Black audiences have long been a key driver of the TV viewer ecosystem. They make up an outsize share of the viewing audience for virtually every major network. For the Black Community, television is the go to source for news, public affairs and entertainment. Contrary to prediction, the revolution is very much being televised.  In other words, black viewers are TV super consumers and when they tune in, they're looking for the very best of general entertainment and potentially relevant programs that speak to the black experience. BET was founded on this insight and we have flourished for 40 years by super serving our community with black stories that entertain and move us all. Now, we're very excited to bring a robust array of traditional scripted and unscripted BET originals and library favorites to Paramount+ including our top library series like Being Mary Jane, Real Husbands of Hollywood and The Bobby Brown Story. But that’s not all, we're bringing exciting new originals series to the platform as well. I brought a friend along to give you a sneak peak of his upcoming project, he is making exclusively for Paramount+.
Scott Mills: Thanks so much, Kenya. As Bob said earlier, ViacomCBS is the only media company to fully embrace an ecosystem, a free pay and premium streaming services with strong products in each. Each of these services has a dedicated audience and combining them allows us to serve a broad array of consumer needs. You've heard all about the incredible content coming to Paramount+. Now I want to talk about our premium offerings starting with BET+. We launched BET+. BET is first ever standalone streaming service, 18 months ago. The enormous success we've seen already proves that Black Americans are also streaming super consumers. BET+ has rapidly grown to nearly 1.5 million paid subscribers by delivering a unique and powerful combination of provocative and edgy originals from top black creators, fan favorite movies, beloved sitcoms and exclusive stage plays amounting to over 2,000 hours of popular culturally relevant content. BET+ has great original series from star show runners like Tracy Oliver, who’s next season of the popular First Wives Club starring Jill Scott, hits the service in June. And the prolific Will Packer whose comedy series Bigger comes to BET+ plus in April with Tori Spelling adding a little drama. There's the brilliant Emmy Award winning, Lena Waithe, who's executive producing the scripted dramedy, Birth of Cool, which will debut later this year. And last, but certainly not least we've got the one and only Mr. Tyler Perry, created of the top three original series for black consumers right now. His popular streaming series Ruthless is coming back to the service in April and his stage plate recently broke every viewing record on the service. Not only does BET+ have Tyler's catalogue, one of the most valuable libraries of content and entertainment today, we have the man himself here to share more of what are we bringing next to BET+. Tyler, take it away.
Scott Mills: Thank you, Tyler. BET plusses premium content offering and powerful brand are already prominent beacons in the streaming marketplace. As such, they're the perfect complement to Paramount+ and Showtime, pairing BET+ with Paramount+ and Showtime gives us a unique opportunity to tailor packages to black super consumers, with BETs unbeatable array of targeted marketing platforms, partners and insights, we're able to aggressively market these packages to our audiences to drive acquisition across all three. We're going to super serve our viewers with the perfect combination, the very best general entertainment and culturally relevant content that can only be found in our ecosystem. Next up, it's my pleasure to now bring out, David Nevins, Chief Creative Officer of CBS and Chairman and CEO of Showtime Networks. [Video Presentation]
Naveen Chopra: Sure. So in terms of the breakdown between services and then domestic versus international, we're not planning to break each of our services apart in our future reporting. However, I would tell you that, we do expect Paramount+ will be the primary driver of subscriber growth going forward. And in terms of domestic versus global, we really look at streaming as a global opportunity. And so we'll be reporting both our advertising revenues, as well as subscription on a global basis going forward.
Naveen Chopra: I'll start on the pacing of the growth. I want to remind you that, we talked about achieving 65 million to 75 million SVOD subscribers by 2024, by the end of 2024 and 100 million to 120 million global Pluto MAUs and $7 billion in revenue. We're already - we got a ton of momentum toward those goals finishing 2020 with 3.6 billion run rate of streaming revenue. And we expect that there will be significant growth along the way. We did not provide an annual breakdown because there will be parts where we might enter into certain new deals or launch certain content that could make it - be a little spiky here and there. But we do think that we'll continue to make progress both in 2021 and in the subsequent years. Bob you won't take the…
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. And then Ben to the second part of your question which really speaks, I think more broadly to the question of profitability and investment. I would say the following. Number one, we are excited about the long-term potential of streaming to be a nicely profitable business for ViacomCBS as a whole. We think that because the size of the opportunity is massive, as we talked about. Billion SVOD subscribers, $100 billion SVOD, revenue potential, $50 billion AVOD market and we think we've got a strategy that gives us some advantages in terms of turning that into a profitable business by having a dual revenue stream, by having the ability to leverage content across multiple channels, multiple services, multiple windows. And so overtime, we think that is going to contribute very nicely to the company. In the short to medium-term, however, we are focused on the growth, and it will require investment to realize that growth. And I think that the plan we laid out today is very consistent with what we said back in our Q3 call, which was that we are going to have to increase our levels of investment in streaming in 2021. As we begin down that path, and we're excited about what that's going to unlock in the long-term.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I'll start on the - the first part of the question in terms of content spend. Just to be clear, we didn't provide any specific guidance about total company content spend. But let me give you some context for that in general, because I think it's very important to recognize that as a company, we spend about $15 billion in content investment, that's what we had budgeted for 2020. And what that does in terms of the strategic value for us that ultimately benefits streaming, I think goes well beyond the $5 billion that we have sort of allocated from a financial perspective in our 2024 goals. That $15 million investment creates, and gives us access to content that would be very difficult to do with a smaller level of spend. It builds a phenomenal platform for promotion and driving awareness of our streaming services, and it feeds a library that ultimately becomes very, very valuable for streaming. Over time, the mix of that 15 billion in terms of how much is dedicated to streaming versus how much is sort of doing double duty between multiple distribution channels will evolve. And we think that's going to be a really powerful component for driving our streaming services, going forward here. In terms of the second part of the question, in terms of the component that was advertising related, we’re not breaking out the specific composition of the $7 billion of revenue that we hope to achieve in 2024. We do think advertising is going to be a meaningful part of it, you can look at the - our current streaming revenues, you can see that advertising is, we did about a $1.4 billion [ph] digital video advertising in 2020. We've got tremendous momentum, that business is growing at close to 70%. And we're seeing strong growth in MAUs. And we're adding to the monetization potential on services, not just Pluto but also Paramount+ through the introduction of the lower cost here. So we do think that advertising will be a major piece of what our business looks like going out into the future.
Naveen Chopra: Yeah. I'm happy to jump in. At the end of the day, I mean, you kind of hit on the two key components in your question. We do think that over time scale would present a tremendous opportunity in streaming. We have the ability to distribute our content in more places and in more channels than we could in the traditional model where we're dependent on generally on MVPD distribution. And number two, we think the dual revenue stream approach can be really valuable in the streaming context, and the ability to over time generate incremental ARPU, both from subscribers, but even more so in the form of advertising revenue is something that we are very bullish about, and there's a long track record of being able to generate incremental advertising revenue as our viewership becomes more and more valuable to advertisers. So we do think, obviously, in the short-term, we're not able to put all of that together instantaneously in terms of the perceived economics. But over time, we're really excited about that opportunity.
