Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. Thanks, Ben. We signed a deal with Hulu. There are no stacking rights included in that. Stacking remains with All Access, which makes it much more attractive to the people using All Access. It was a very good deal for us economically. Obviously, for Hulu it was good because it completes the cycle of their ownership plus us are the major players. We are very happy with the economic deal and the terms of it. Yes, you're right, we have not yet struck a deal with DIRECT. We've got a deal with Verizon, we've got a deal with Hulu and other people. So we are still anticipating conversations and hopefully we come to a good resolution with them as well.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, obviously, there's been a lot of conversations about the NFL and the ratings, and clearly there was improvement after the election was over. That was one of the factors. The good news is the playoffs did extremely well for us, so we made up for that. And as we said, we had fewer games. So going into next year, we plan it – as I said before, it's still the best content on television. I'm still happy we have our Sunday football and our Thursday night packages, and Jo Ann and her team are planning on selling it aggressively as we always do. The fact that it was down this year is not really going to affect that.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we've always said we are self-contained and we are very strong and we like our position. Thank you for calling us very attractive. We feel that way too. Obviously, the wireless companies as well as the Silicon Valley companies are all looking at the content companies as being very valuable. They're all trying to get into the content business. But we feel very secure in who we are and we're going to continue to play the game that way.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, Anthony, on the international front, yeah, we are well on pace to beat that number. We have a lot more content going on. You referred to Star Trek. Once again, All Access is a brand new service that's going to have more and more programming. As you know, we've increased our summer programming, and our ownership continues to go up both at CBS and Showtime. In addition, the international marketplace is really on fire because of all the new SVOD players that are out there. Suddenly, we're finding in markets there's so much more competition, so the numbers continue to go up strongly. We didn't dwell on it a lot in our prepared remarks only because it continues to do extraordinarily well. You referred, you know, the Star Trek number was incredible from Netflix. There's a lot of competition out there. We're getting second and third cycles on shows, so we're very comfortable with that number and beyond.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, we're – above 8 million. It's hard to say. As Joe said earlier, we said we're pacing above where we thought we would be. We haven't even introduced the original content on All Access, so we're confident it's going to be above the 8 million. We're not willing to give you a number today.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: You know what? Our cancellations, I haven't gotten the call from my salespeople, so this is the first I'm hearing that they're slightly up. Maybe you're talking to the wrong network. No. So anyway, yes, scatter is strong. Once again, it's too early to predict pricing on the upfront, but we are anticipating another strong upfront. It's still the best game in town and we're – I'm optimistic.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: I'll take the second question. At the moment, the economics work much better as it does for the CBS network that we own it. Obviously, we will look at everything and if there's an attractive coproduction opportunity, we will look at that as well. And I think what we've proven at CBS is we're very flexible to make deals. We're deal makers, we like content and if there is an ability to do that and put it on All Access at the moment, it's solely owned content but that could change in the future.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's very interesting. You point out something very interesting in that our off-network product initially went to cable, then it went to the SVOD players, then it went to both. And I think on each show that we do, we sort of do a different analysis. And there are more players in the marketplace that are now looking for content, which is great, on the streaming services as well. So it's really a mixed bag. I think some of the cable operators are coming back to buying off-network product. They realize they can't do their own all-original content. So as long as we keep doing what we do, which is produce good original content that we own, we're going to be – not only we're not going to exploit the international marketplace, but domestically the numbers are – continue to get higher and higher every year.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: It's a little early to tell, but clearly there's going to be a lot more of it, just like we said there's going to be more C3s than there were and then C7s than there were. Now, Nielsen's doing a better job and getting better data as well as other services. So I think there's no question when we talk to advertisers, everybody's looking at a more complete picture. And that only means more viewers and more revenue for us. So I think it's going to be more and more important with each year, and I think some of those services will be important this year.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we know Ajit Pai very well. I think he will be very beneficial to our business. As you said, he's de-regulation, and we would be very interested in the cap moving up. Frankly, I have no details and no idea if that will happen or when it will happen. I can tell you in the right circumstance if the cap is lifted, we would strategically want to buy some more stations because we think it's important. And as you just heard, through re-trans and through political advertising, the local markets are extremely good for us. So we're looking forward to not having as much regulation and having the ability to do more.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yeah, I mean, look, there's no question. I think what it's done is brought March Madness into the end of January, which is great for us and our sales guys. And there's renewed interest in sports and in the tournament and people are already complaining about the seeds, which we love because that's part of what makes the tournament so exciting. So the answer to your question is yes, it has increased the activity and the pacing is very strong. As we mentioned before, we're really happy all three games of the Final Four are on CBS this year, which will help us a great deal. So bring it on. We're excited. It's an exciting time of the year.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Tim. I'll answer the second question first. Obviously, we've met with Roger, and we've met with the NFL a number of times. We're all looking at how the product can be more efficient, possibly speeding up the games, possibly things in terms of pods, possibly things in terms of the referees looking at the replays, how long that takes, et cetera. So we're looking at some reformat ideas. Obviously, we're not planning on cutting advertising. If there are ways of doing advertising in different ways that are equally beneficial, we're looking at that, and we're trying to make the game as good an experience as we could make it.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Okay. Let me jump in first. Carpool Karaoke, digital buyers, et cetera, CBS Productions has made it a real goal. Initially, they were formed to supply programming to CBS, then they were joined by supplying programs to the CW. Now, they're supplying programs to All Access as well as we are either in development or in production for 13 different outlets, other than that. So virtually every player we have either development or production with Amazon, with Hulu, et cetera, et cetera, Netflix obviously. So there's a lot of activity. What we are doing here, we brought in, we have a new reality group, unscripted group that's going to be specifically targeted towards the digital players because in terms of your next question, that's part of the question. In some of these services, they spend more than we do on programming. There's no question that the Netflixes of the world spend more than we do. They do. That's their – it's a different model. We know production. We produce a lot of it ourselves. We do manage cost control because we know production and frankly, when we do some co-productions with other studios, we see that they're probably not as stringent as we are on our costs. And I think maybe it's because I've been doing this a long time, I know where the money should be spent and where it's wasted – where excess money is wasted. So I think we are prudent about how we produce our programs and it seems to be working.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right, Marci, I'll do the first one, I'll let Joe finish it up with the second one. Look, how aggressive are we going to be? You know us. We're going to be smart in what we do. Would we go outside of the top 25? Probably not. I would doubt that. We're a big market company and the big markets generally work out, especially when you have local football teams in our marketplace that becomes important. We will be aggressive but we're not going to be stupid about it. And it's – we're happy with what we have, but we could expand more and we have a very well-functioning local stations division that obviously could take more in.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, thanks, Ben. Look, obviously we don't have the Super Bowl from a cash flow perspective in 2017. And as we said in our remarks, we're investing in content. We're probably spending 18% more than just a couple of years ago. So for instance, obviously Star Trek, The Good Fight, that's the best use of capital for us. Those returns, all of that revenue that we will get, all that cash flow comes later, so that will be building. So I think again, we look at that only as timing, Ben. This is the best use of capital for us is to have another hit owned series, and those returns on that are significantly better than any other use of our cash. So that's a priority for us, so you should assume we'll continue to do that. Obviously, Radio throws off cash flow and will be smaller, but obviously our share count will be down as well. So we're going to look at leverage holistically. We're improving the predictability and stability of our cash flow, and because the growth rates are growing much faster, I think we replace the Radio cash flow in short order. So I think again, we're going to be very opportunistic as we've been, but always be prudent with our balance sheet.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Anthony, it's Joe. We haven't officially said the Showtime sub numbers. Obviously, we said over a million and we said we're growing to 4 million, so I think you can kind of do the math from here to there and make some assumptions. But again, we're telling you today we are more pleased than we were at our Investor Day, and we haven't, again, really started getting that murderers' row of content that Showtime is beginning to release. So we're feeling very good. And really, again, what's driving that is the consumer. It's the demand. That's the way they want to consume content. It on-the-go via broadband, wherever they want. They want access to it and they're willing to pay for that. And I think that's a demand we're satisfying and the opportunity could be bigger. As far as the overall sub growth, I would say it's additive. I think what we're seeing here is the base business has some puts and takes between maybe satellite and cable and telco and stuff, so a little jockeying around from subs, but overall, we don't see that deteriorating much. And again – so a lot of this growth is coming from households that are broadband-only, and again, we'll continue to grow. So I think we'll see and play it all out. But again, we couldn't be more optimistic about the opportunity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, the answer is, I think, you should assume it's accretive to our margin. Our overall margin for 2016 is 22%. I think, again, when we laid out our plan at our Investor Day, we thought we could be generating $800 million of incremental revenue. And again, I think you should think about that as margin accretive. Obviously, we're building the foundation today by producing those shows like Star Trek and Twin Peaks and some from a cash perspective, but we see that continuing to grow. And yes, I would say again the CBS All Access you should see that as, again, as incremental because, again, the traditional ecosystem really isn't changing with that. I think again, you know, just look at Netflix, Hulu and others, there are tens of millions of incremental subscribers out in the marketplace that are consuming content. So I think it's the form of distribution that's satisfying that appetite. And again, stay-tuned, because I think there's more to come.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, absolutely. I think it's exactly spot-on. I think we're managing it that way. I think we have an ad-free product out in the marketplace as well. I think we price that right. So I think again, Doug, we're serving an appetite and I think that's critical. I think the consumer, the average demographic, the average age of that is much, much younger, it's sticky and again, the theory is we always have something coming. So with the library CBS has, with the original programming strategy, the big tent-pole live events, I mean again we look at that opportunity and we say, how big can big be, to your point. And look, 8 million subs is $800 million and each 1 million of subs is an incremental $100 million, which is meaningful to us. So we are laser focused on that opportunity, but this is playing out better than we had hoped.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Mike, on your retrans question, here's what I – about 33% of our footprint expires over the next 24 months, so between 2017, 2018. So we get a chance to reset that. Look, they're still catching up because the marketplace has – obviously has moved. So I would say, again, that first year is generally a much higher step-up than the out years. But as importantly, I want to make sure you also focus on the reverse comp portion of that because, again, that's two-thirds of the country. And there we have about 26% of our footprint coming up in the next two years, so you can expect to see similar or even bigger increases there. So again, we gave you the $1 billion, we gave you $2.5 billion, we told you we're going to be up 25%. So I think we've been pretty specific on what we're – where this revenue is headed.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Bryan, it's Joe. Let me answer the second one first. The live viewership, it tends to be about 10% to 15% on All Access. It's the on-demand feature, I think, again, the content on-the-go is really what's – we're seeing significant usage, more than double that of what's freely available and stuff. So I think that's going to do it. But again, it's a complete offering. Our vision is always we have something for everyone, and I think that's really been the strategy. So that's why the network affiliate model is important. And that's why we bring our affiliates along in this and they participate in that. But I do think it's the strength and breadth of CBS programming that is the main driver of that. Look, the auction proceeds, if you – look, Bryan, we looked at it. At the top, we saw those initial values and we said, oh, that could be interesting in certain circumstances. But we did not sell any full power signals in the auction. As the auction continued to drop rapidly in value, it just didn't make sense for us to participate because we make so much more money by broadcasting in the highest standards possible. So that's our bread-and-butter, so we weren't going to participate in a process where values were going down significantly. So we did not sell any full powered stations.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And your first part of the question, Tim, on the advertising, look, I think as people continue to shift and watch content on their terms, our thesis has always been we expect to get paid for it if people consume it. And so if it's not in the measurement and advertisers aren't paying for it, we're going to use that available inventory because the technology now exists to give other advertisers the opportunity. And we think that's a real opportunity that drives it. If you watch an episode of NCIS, on Tuesday it airs, but then you watch it on Sunday and we don't make any money from it, that doesn't really make any sense to us. So we think it's the number one show on television and would garner a lot of appetite from advertisers. So it'll take us time to execute that and build that marketplace, but it is absolutely a nine-digit opportunity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Laura, just to clarify what I said. I said underlying TV station. So just to be clear, that's on a comparable basis. So obviously, your $180 million to $200 million is directionally accurate and stuff like that. So that will obviously be a headwind from a reported standpoint.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Political? No. Look, there's not additional spots, right? And so it's just replacement. It's more buyers for the same set of inventory, so it drives price up. But, no, you're absolutely right in that, we don't look at that and we don't give our TV station sales guys a pass to say, it's all additive. And so maybe there's some halo to it, but by and large, we always tell them, you're selling the same number of spots.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Marci, on your advertising – I think in Les's comment, he was referring to the network. And again, it's really driven by the strong demand on pricing and stuff. And again, above healthy upfront levels. So he said that and I gave you the pace for the local saying, underlying for Q1 was pacing up low single digits. So I think, again, that just describes again the way we see the market today. We've got our eyes on it but again, the demand seems strong across multiple categories.
