Leslie Moonves: Obviously, we are thrilled and I think the Comcast deal was a big win for both companies. And it was global in nature and what was very unusual about it also was that it was a year and a half early before we started. The reason is that there a lot of big wins, and as I said, for both companies. Number one, we've established that CBS will be paid for retrans, something that I've been talking about for years and is a significant part of the future of our company. And that revenue stream that will continue, we now have a dual revenue stream base for CBS going forward. It establishes a growing revenue stream for Showtime. And for those who had any question about the ability of Showtime to continue to increase and thrive in the marketplace, Showtime is now secure and financially in great shape. But once again, from Comcast's point of view, they recognize the value of the content on CBS and Showtime. Plus, for those of you who've been following, Comcast is one of the most advanced companies in talking about online media and how to best use content online in a variety of different ways, whether it be video-on-demand or all sorts of other new methods of doing it. The key for us with this partnership is the flexibility. We're going to be trying lots of things with Comcast to put our media online and our content online. By the same token, it doesn't limit us to do other deals outside of it. So across the board, CBS Showtime new media, it’s a big win for us going forward. And as I said, it ensures a continuing and growing revenue stream year after year over the long length of this contract.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding Comcast, were we getting cash before? We were part, the last deal we did, we were part of Viacom, where there were numerous Cable Networks, as well as CBS, was part of that deal. So it was a year and a half for us remaining on that deal. Was the corporation getting paid something? Yes, they were. And were we getting some advantage for? Yes, we were. But this was a new deal because it's the first time we’ve negotiated with Comcast as a freestanding network, not part of any other large cable group. So regarding discussions, yes, we are having discussions with our affiliates and certain deals have been struck where we are sharing and we are getting paid money from our affiliates as bigger deals come up. That is part of the new way of doing business and everybody acknowledges, one again, we are providing premium content and that should be paid for, both by the MSOs, as well as our affiliates. And that's what’s happening here. When we talk about what are we going to do with our cash, obviously, we are in very solid shape, as Joe said, with having paid down the debt. We're examining that as we speak before the end of the year. We're going to determine what to do with our cash, whether it involves paying down further debt, whether it involves retraining money to our shareholders in the form of increased dividends or share repurchase. We have historically returned money to our shareholders, and that's always been an important piece to us. So stay tuned and we'll have a decision on that before the end of the year.
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, obviously, the discussions began with Comcast a number of months ago and we talk about traditional deals of three years and five years. And then as we talked about our future together, we said okay, this is where retrans is today. This is where we think it's going to be growing to. And why is there automatically an assumption that we haven't realized a full value? When you make a long-term assumption, obviously, escalators are built-in to our best knowledge. There's a great deal of flexibility with our new media prospects and there's a certain amount of knowledge about where these deals are going. So yes, could it fluctuate, could Comcast in the end of 10 years be paying us more than some of their other deals or less than some of their other deals? I guess that's possible. But overall, we see an increase, a growth over the course of time for Showtime and CBS, and incremental pricing is built in to what we both felt was fair. So it was an opportunity to have sustained growth, sustained revenue, which I know it's important to you guys as you look at as an advertising company, and just assume for a second that we may have been able to sort of get a fair deal on what this would be worth in 10 years.
Leslie Moonves: Anthony, the system always is, you do the upfront, then you come back and show it to the international buyers, and then there comes a bidding war for the best product. As Joe said, our numbers internationally were pretty phenomenal this year with Hawaii Five-0, quite frankly, breaking international records on what it was getting. What was significant last year is NCIS sold after six episodes, which in previous years, that's domestically, you would've needed to wait until there were already at least three years to shop. Now because the demand was so high for that show on and The Mentalist over at Warner Bros., that people are bidding for shows right out of the box, which is a great thing for us.
Leslie Moonves: It's called competition. When Turner and USA both wants NCIS: L.A., you get a bidding war and get it earlier. By the way, we're happy to get the bidding war and we’re happy if they want to give us their money now.
Leslie Moonves: So USA Network, which is doing very well with original content, the highest-rated show on that network is the original NCIS, not any of the shows that they are originating. And they expect that NCIS: L.A. will be their next highest show.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, there are no costs associated with it. It is money that is paid from Comcast to us per se. In terms of the margins, Joe, what was the…
Leslie Moonves: And Laura, on the films, we will have released three movies this year, our third one’s coming out Thanksgiving next year. We have Beastly scheduled, which cost all $17 million. We are looking at the next release after that probably to be a movie that we have acquired so the risk will be rather minimal. Then there’ll be a couple of movies that we will be producing, and as I said, we'll be announcing soon. Once again, we're keeping our discipline and we’re staying below the $40 million range in terms of our investment. Even Faster, which is coming out in November, cost $34 million, but it's a co-production with Sony. We have a domestic and we're only into that movie for $17 million. So although people like to talk about it because it's sexy, it’s still a very tiny part of our business.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the asset mix, we've always spoken about possibly divesting some of our tomorrow-market radio and television stations. In fact, we still intend to do that. But once again, there's no great hurry to do that. And unless we get the right pricing for that, we're not going to do that. However, there appears to be some nice activity now in some of the pricing, so I wouldn't be surprised if over the next six months to a year, we do divest some of our radio stations in a few markets and maybe one or two television stations. In terms of VOD, Doug, once again, it is not a big cash business yet. There will be some more content on VOD. It does work, but there is a profit-sharing on there. But it's not a major business. We've been doing this with Comcast, frankly, for five or six years. It really is not a great effect to the bottom line for either them or us.
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, retrans makes up a lot for cents. It really does cover us quite a bit. Having that dual revenue stream is terrific for us. Obviously, content is going more and more online, which is why we're exploring that. It, obviously, right now doesn't come close to the amount of revenue we're generating over the air in our normal broadcast methods. As it grows, we are going to need to monetize it so that there are dollars replacing dollars and that is the game plan and the potential for things like TV Everywhere is something that is attractive for us. In other words, if Comcast is paying us for sub, then that sub should be paying the MSO their fee to be able to get our product online. So the great news about the new deal, a lot of it is experimentation. A lot of it is very flexible and you're going to be seeing all sorts of new things going on between us.
Leslie Moonves: We would never go so far as to say, okay, you're in Cincinnati. We're pulling the Bengals from your marketplace. Obviously, we are spending a lot of money, as you pointed out, David, on our content, NFL included, our programming, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And we feel it's appropriate as our contracts with our affiliated stations come up that they pay us some money for that in reverse comp. We also expect our affiliated stations to be getting money, getting paid, from the MSOs and satellite companies, et cetera, and they should be getting paid for having that content. But once again, we hopefully will, and so far we have done that, successfully negotiated with all of them as the contracts come up to be able to make a deal that’s satisfactory to both sides. And we’ve been successful without any threats of pulling the plug. And that's the way we prefer to negotiate.
Leslie Moonves: And with our partners, we have agreed also not to get too specific about details. This is a very global deal that includes a lot of assets for us and Comcast, so it's better not to be too specific, James.
Leslie Moonves: And Marci, what’s significant, and we've noticed this and this is really special to point out: It’s not slowing down. I know people want to say it’s slowing down the recovery. The third quarter pacing is as good as, in certain cases better, than the second quarter pacings have been. So we're very encouraged that the momentum really is continuing in the local businesses.
Joseph Ianniello: I think, look, we have ongoing conversations with the rating agencies. I think where we sit today, Ben, obviously anything we do is opportunistic. We feel really good about the position we’re in, the rates that I'm hearing in the marketplace are very attractive. So look, we'll continue to evaluate our opportunity. But clearly we paid down the debt. We're in a much stronger financial position today than we probably ever have been in. So I think we’ll have a lot of opportunities.
Joseph Ianniello: And Jessica, on the cost side for 2011, here's what we know without getting to specific numbers. Program costs at the network are going to be down. The NCAA contract is going to make sports certainly more profitable. We're going to benefit from large restructured Outdoor contracts. We didn't have New York. We restructured Washington, as two examples. We're going to continue to benefit from the recent restructuring activities that we just went through, $59 million in the first two quarters of this year. And obviously, the lower debt’s going to have lower interest costs. So those kind of six things off the top of my head are kind of going to benefit '11.
Joseph Ianniello: Anthony, it’s Joe. The answer to your question is no. We’re not changing the way we're booking international syndication. I think what you may be confusing is we sold domestically NCIS: Los Angeles very early. So that’s something that we’re seeing domestic syndication, people buying before we get to four years. But internationally, they buy at the same time that we put it on the network. So what’s growing there is really the demand and the pricing that's growing. So it’s really, there’s no accounting change going on, just so we’re clear.
Joseph Ianniello: And just add to that, Anthony, it’s obviously why they are doing that, is they need that content to go to their MSOs to drive their affiliate fees. So like we've been saying all along, best content gets the highest fees.
Joseph Ianniello: On the balance sheet one, yes. Look again, like we said, was $840 million. So I don't think it's billions, what we’re talking about. I think we’re being very prudent and conservative. So we want to continue that. So it's going to be clearly a smaller number on the debt side. And I think, again, what we're doing is we're making sure we're being responsible as we come up with a holistic “things to do” with our cash. And I think we've been pretty prudent to date and we're going to continue to do so. But we have been proponents of returning capital to shareholders. We have done some share repurchase programs, some ASRs when we had that. And we have then maintained a dividend throughout our separation from Viacom. So you're going to continue to see us discuss all those things. As far as 2011 goes, I mean, look, I just sized political for you. The Super Bowl, I mean, you know the way the accounting works for that. So it may be interesting on top of revenue, but not in terms of profits. So I’m not sure what other headwinds you’re referring to. But I’m going to point to a strong upfront that starts the season, since we know that's good. We know we have accelerated growth in retrans. I just jotted a list of other cost items that are going to be a benefit. So we're confident we can have expanded margins in 2011 that's going to lead to additional profit dollars, like we said.
Joseph Ianniello: Look, I think again, obviously, those are very incremental margin dollars and as we both said, I think you should assume the deal factors in attractive growth rates. So it’s a10-year deal and we look forward to the financial benefits to the company in each of the next 10 years.
Joseph Ianniello: Look, return on invested capital we measure all the time. We look at it. It’s certainly a financial metric, I think, that we look to. Clearly, again, our compensation, and we look at our stock price, we look at building enterprise value. So every decision we make is really for the enterprise value. So we're going to continue to do that, Laura. So I don't think you're going to see anything different. I think we've shown we've been disciplined throughout. So stay tuned, but I don't think anything really changes in the way we approach our business.
Joseph Ianniello: Okay, so let me start with a Local Broadcasting. Look, we, obviously, at the end of last year, James, we put TV stations and radio stations under common management. So we took a restructuring charge in the first quarter of 2010. So clearly in the second quarter, you're starting to see the benefits. Also in the second quarter of 2009, we did have a $14 million write-off, which we have in the press release. So those two factors, I think, contributed to, again, lower costs. But, I mean, the key for us is you're seeing significant flow-through from the revenue into profits and you see what happens to the margin and expansion. And just to point out, just to be clear with you, I mean, we don't give guidance on the 250. What we said was we were well on track for that. This deal kind of validates that, and obviously, it's 10-year deal. So obviously, we expect growth from there. So really that's what we...
Joseph Ianniello: On free cash flow, obviously, Michael, with long-term, you can’t convert more than 100% of EBITDA into cash flow. So clearly, that's the benefit, what you saw there in the first six months of: A, the Super Bowl, because again, the way to cash comes in; and two, the five shows you were just alluding to that went into syndication last year third quarter. So the cash is clearly coming in. What we said on the fourth quarter earnings call is if you just look back traditionally, knowing good times or bad, we convert 50-plus-percent kind of EBITDA to cash flow. So we hope to be in at least at that kind of range, and obviously, starting in excess of 100 for the first six months versus well, underway for doing that. As far as the syndication question, clearly, in the third quarter last year, we recognized five shows that went into syndication last year. So the good news is we have a fresh group of young shows that have been hit, whether it hits 12 or 13, will be up to us, and how we make those shows available. But the pipeline, it continues to grow. The international demand continues to grow. And we’ve got to remember there's also second cycles. And I just finished by telling you that the first quarter this year will have a strong political, as we alluded to as well.
Joseph Ianniello: Well, we just sold the new upfront, right? We said very high single digits. And what we said is scatter is accelerating. So what we're seeing is the new seasons early, so there’s only in the third, is only a week or so. But we're seeing 30 plus percent scattered pricing increases on top of this year's upfront. That's what gives it a lot of confidence about 2011.
Joseph Ianniello: It's mostly local that' driving and I think the national, certainly, even if the network level weathered the recession much better than local. But the local advertising clearly is coming back at a faster pace. Still a ways to go, but what’s key to us is very broad. It's all categories across the board that's really driving this, so the depth of that gives us a lot of encouragement. And what I’d also like to add, their booking these dollars sooner. So that also means that they have some confidence in their business or they think pricing is going up.
Joseph Ianniello: By month, or whatever, I think you can just look at the second quarter. By month, I mean, again, you can have a month that's a little better than the other month. But I think when you look at the second quarter, the second quarter was actually better than the first quarter. And as Les said, we see that continuing into the third, Marci. So everything that we see, we're encouraged. So the future's bright.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Firmly, I think that's fair. I think local has further to catch up and we still have a ways to go back to the historical levels. So like I said, there's a lot of dollars to still grow here. So the whole pie is growing and we expect, I should say, to take market share.
