Joe Ianniello: Yes, I got it, Ben. Look, I think our investment, I mean, we really view it as kind of success-based CapEx. So, as you see, we’ve been ramping up the spend, just use – as a parameter, we had a zero originals on a few years ago. We didn’t go from zero to 11, we went from zero to three to seven to 11. So, we’ve really seen the proof points along the way that justify that investment. We are seeing much higher usage rates.  We are seeing when folks come to the service for an original and view two to originals, the retention rate is significantly higher. So, we look at that and that investment is driving value, not just on D2C, but obviously on advertising, as well – as well as content licensing. I think you make the point that we can monetize these things down the road.  We like to think about it – we call it strategic windowing. So we have the content on All Access. You’ve seen us view that with a Good Fight, you’ve seen the season one come to the CBS Broadcast Network in this summer. So we are really trying to be strategic to drive more subscribers to the direct-to-consumer services.  And like I said, the same applies really for Showtime. So, on the Entertainment side, again, the investment spend is our best and highest use and we continue to validate that with every proof point. On the sports side, we are really excited about this opportunity.  I think one of the reasons we won these rights was really because that we had digital and broadcast, because what we will do is, we will take certain matches kind of the championships, if you will, the play-offs, and air those on the CBS Broadcast Network which has the massive reach. So that was very important to the leagues – the league for our bid.  So, I think, where you can have the volume and we are talking about over 400 games over a nine month season, it just it’s a lot of games, a lot of volume. We think it’s going to reduce churn. We think it drives subscribers. There are loyal fans.  It is obviously the most popular sport in the world. So, we are going to continue to drive and make these prudent investments, because again, we are seeing the returns and we want to stay focused on being smart about that. 
Joe Ianniello: Sure. Thanks, Jessica. In retrans reverse comp, that’s right, as I said in my prepared remarks on the retrans side, we have about 50% of our footprint and on the reverse comp side about 30% and really just timing. We do have one in particular deal that was longer-term that has to be reset. But it’s really to current market rates.  So, we don’t – we never negotiate deals as percentage increases. We negotiate deals in terms of dollars and cents. And I think, all of our distribution partners know what the current fair market value rate that we are getting for retrans. So, I don’t think that should be any surprise. But again, that’s why we think it’s going to be another strong year for retrans and reverse compensation.  And I’d add that even looking beyond that, we still have ways to go to get paid for the value we are bringing. I think we offer a significant value to our distribution partners, because we are the largest network out there. And so, we think it’s really a win-win relationship.  As far as the management changes, I mean, you’ve seen them we couldn’t agree more. We think, Jo Ann is the best ad sales executive in the business. She is going to look at the entire portfolio and the massive reach that the ViacomCBS portfolio brings to our clients and we would expect to be paid fair market value for that and Jo Ann is going to deliver on that. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Alexia. I appreciate it. You are right. We do have an agreement coming up with Comcast next year and Showtime is part of that. Our approach, as we said previously, will be the same. I don’t believe all content is created equal where you can interchange shows for people, people, again, as we see seek out the content they want, again, I look at the track record of Showtime and the quality content they have on the air, as well as the CBS Television Network.  So, again, I think the approach is the same and we’ve been successful with every other distributor getting paid fair market value. So we would fully expect the same.  As far as Nielsen, so when the next broadcast season starts, we will finally have out-of-home. It is a significant lift in ratings. For example, the Super Bowl had an over 10% lift and that means, that’s over 11 million people watch that were not in the rating. So, having that Local - National News is also another one.  Believe it or not, day time content is also a big lift. So, people are watching as we’ve said on their own time wherever they are and that is a convenience. And so, we are very excited and kind of overdo to have Nielsen have this in the measurements for the currency where Jo Ann and her team can finally monetize. So, stay tuned as we go into the upfront next May. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Mike. Look, demand continues to be strong. Let’s break it down between domestic and international as you suggest. International was steady. I think, we have proven global hits that resonate around the world. Clearly, the streaming players, there are new ones coming in. I think the existing platforms are certainly going to want to see that consumption. I think, if you looked at the data for the U.S. streaming players, I think you will see a lot of consumption on kind of off-net shows. But as important, the entire cable marketplace relies on proven hit shows. I mean, again, part of their budgets or acquisitions, because that’s where most of the ratings points are coming from, so for their business model.  So, we think there is actually going to be a resurgence from lots of Cable Nets for the beach front content that we produce. So, what we are doing is, we are trying to be strategic and really pause as we close our deal with Viacom to really think about how should we approach the marketplace. So, like I said, I think the opportunities only grow from here.  But I would say, demand for international, steady and strong, U.S., changing and we are pulling back for a moment as we see it really settles and making sure we are not underselling any of our content.  For All Access, I think, the mix is, I mean, I said it in my remarks is, kind of everybody comes for a different reason, but what we are seeing is the folks who come for originals stay longer. The live event – live television is also a differentiator for us. So the two drivers are really originals and live television.  All Access, by the way is the only service that has live television in news and sports on air, because we reached the deals with our affiliates that we have locked in for multi-years. So, we are the only network that has been able to figure out a model that’s a win-win. And so, it’s really driving the consumption and then that’s where you are going to see, I think, the kids’ product and all of our catch-up viewing and library.  So, we only keep some in the system and reducing what we call churn, because, we used to use that word churn, because people would switch. But now, it’s actually should be called, we said pause, because it’s what we call easy on, easy off. So it’s easy to come in and out of these subscription services. So what we are trying to do is, make sure we have these subscribers year around which just really improves the lifetime value of that subscriber.  So our focus is really always on that lifetime value, the revenue that we can get from each subscriber. And we are seeing that. And that’s why we are making these investments in these originals and sports. So, they are very targeted on those investments. 
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Look, I think, stay tuned for more – thanks, Laura. Stay tuned for more announcements as we are getting CBS content on to Pluto. We said starting tomorrow, you will see some of that and you will see more of that in the coming weeks. So, we are focused on doing that and it’s win-win, because it’s greater distribution. It’s the top of funnel like we’d like to say.  So, it’s really additive. It could be the – making it more difficult for people to unsubscribe. Certainly, I am sure lots of media companies thought about it. But I mean, in current marketplace it’s really again the consumer is in control and so, we are really earning a business based on the content investment that we make in it. And so, we think they are going to want to subscribe.  We think the content is going to be compelling at a price point that’s really has a high value utility to them. The 4%, I should actually clarify that. I was adding in the traditional MVPD subs that we have in Showtime and All Acces, the traditional business, as well as direct-to-consumer and as well as virtual MVPDs. So, Laura, that number is just 4%, just so you are clear, not 13 million, it’s over 16 million. 
Joe Ianniello: So that’s overall subs. So, why we think that’s important, because there is a lot of headwinds in the traditional business and our point is, when you factor all of that in, we are growing subs. And so, because obviously, the direct-to-consumer will be growing it, but if you are losing it in a traditional business, it’s offsetting.  So, that’s why we thought that statistic was meaningful that consumers are seeking out our content on other platforms which bodes well for our future. Thanks. 
