Sean McManus: I think it's probably further into 2020 or beyond. And I think the NFL probably wants to get their collective bargaining agreement done first before they talk about the television deals. And I can't speak for the strategy of the digital companies, all I can speak for is CBS and since we brought the NFL back to CBS in 1998, we've been successful three times in renewing our rights and I would expect to do so again. The NFL, I think, values and they've set these values very highly, broad distribution of their product and there's no better broad distribution than the number one network at CBS.
Sean McManus: Hi, Jessica, it's Sean. We're looking at it really carefully. It's still only allowed in eight states, so it isn't really a national play yet. The local advertising has been there and I think once it becomes more national, you'll probably see more national advertising. I mean we're looking at it really closely. We have not yet chosen a partner. A lot of people want to partner with us. We haven't chosen anybody yet, but we're looking at it very carefully. And I think both from an advertising standpoint and, hopefully down the line, from an engagement standpoint, it can increase the value of our live programming.
Sean McManus: Michael, it's like every sports negotiation. There are usually more than one party that wants to acquire a right. I think they'll be competition potentially for all of the different NFL packages. But, I'm confident. And listen the exposure we give to NFL obviously is important just as important obviously is the rights payment that we pay. We've always been competitive in that area when it comes to the NFL. And I would think Michael we would be competitive the next time around. So, I can't predict who else is going to come after our package or how much competition there will be, but knowing the kind of support the corporation has given the NFL and knowing the kind of contribution NFL makes to the overall company, I would think we would hopefully figure out a way to come to a deal with the NFL as we have so successfully in the last 20 years.
Sean McManus: I'll go first Bryan, it's Sean. It's a little hard to predict. I know that there are -- there's obviously a number of very successful packages on broadcast television and on cable television. I think though the mix of games and the individual schedule works really well for the consumer. So, it wouldn't surprise me at all if the same kind of paradigm existed during the next negotiation. But I do think there could potentially be increased interest in different packages by different networks. So, I hope I'm answering your question. I think we need to be flexible. I think the Sunday AFC package works really well for CBS. It aligns perfectly with a lot of our owned-and-operated stations. So, that would be the package that we would, hopefully, renew. And again, I can't speculate who else would want that, but I know the value of that it brings to the network, I think we'll hopefully do what is necessary to make sure the NFL stays on CBS.
Sean McManus: Yes. No, we do not intend to do anything differently with the Masters commercial rotation this year. It'll be the same as it's been.
Joseph Ianniello: And Ben, it's Joe. Look, I would just add to that. Just look at Thursday Night Football as an example where they could certainly experiment it and went to a streaming platform exclusively. I think they love to reach broadcast which is their core demographic audience, I don't think you ever want to kind of cut off your core audience. So, the broad reach of broadcast is just an example, I think Thursday Night Football just proves that.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, I think, as I said a little bit in my remarks, Ben, I think working with our entire senior management team going through our new Board process and orientation, if you will, understanding and really laying out the priorities from a management team as we see it, I think we are 100% aligned with the Board in that the best and highest use of our capital is to create more premium content. They're seeing -- they see the returns, they see the math of it, so they see the unit economics and they're saying, well, why can't we do more? So, I think we're really synced up with them on that front. And so, we want to create -- focus our energies and our capital to doing what we do best in creating content. So, I couldn't be more pleased with that.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Sure, Alexia, it's Joe. Look, the 25 million sub we just provided, I think you should assume it's approximately about 50:50. We have healthy competitive rates going on between our two siblings here. And so, we like to tweak them both each if one passes each other for a period of time. So, it's really healthy. But about -- I would think about that 50:50, if that helps. As you could see, we've moved up these targets quite substantially. As you can see, today, it's really driven by original programming, live, big event television, catch-up viewing, deep library, all of those things are really what's driving the subscription services. But I would say, look, it's been additive certainly to-date and we see that continuing, because as we've said, our subs are up. So, in the traditional space, when you look at our subs across CBS and Showtime, forget about the ARPU, I'm literally just even just focused just on the sub count. So, our subs are up and clearly All Access is growing rapidly. And so, we want to lean into that further. So, we really like the position that we're in.
Joseph Ianniello: Alexia, I mean, I hope it came across in my comments, but again the data that we're getting, we're really starting to sell beyond demographics. And I think that is really proven to be extremely valuable to our advertising clients, but also to the content creators as hopefully, we can make shows that speak to our audiences as we learn more and more about them. The example I always use, Showtime has been in the subscription business since inception, but never had any of the data on the subscribers, because the third-party distributors had a hold of that. Now we have that for the first time and we're being -- we're getting smarter and smarter with all that. So, it's really -- this data is really helping us on a two-pronged approach. The advertising has been much more effective for our clients and really helping our content creators to be more efficient.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. And, Jessica, all I would add to that is obviously, from our programming standpoint, we have CBS Sports HQ, which is a 24/7 streaming service and we have a cable property with CBS Sports Network. So, we certainly have platforms to really monetize this type of content as well, as well as just selling it, I think, our reach will be very available to the publishers as they want to expand that business.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Well, when you say current -- I mean, we're in -- we have multiple Netflix deals. Just we sell different pieces of property to Netflix and others. So, look, I highlighted a two-pronged approach, meaning we certainly want to evaluate if we have a franchise, let's use Twilight Zone as the example coming up, how many subscribers are we going to generate here and abroad? And are we maximizing the value of it? And what is the marketplace willing to pay us for that franchise? The content licensing business is a great business. Make no mistake about that. So, we want to make sure we're always open to doing that, because if a third-party is better able to monetize it than our infrastructure, we should take the excess value we've receive and redeploy it into making more contents. So, you're hearing others pull back on selling to third parties. And so, we believe that our beachfront property is going to be even scarcer. So, we really want to sit back and evaluate our approach to licensing, but we definitely see it continuing for the foreseeable future.
Joseph Ianniello: Mike, it's just the timing when the deals get reset. I think Chris was highlighting. So, I think again, as you know, we have a big one in the middle of next year that will reset. And so, I think it's really what quarter it falls in. But as you know those deals when they get reset depending where they're coming from, obviously, the increases could be substantially higher than 17%.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes, Mike, it's an interesting comment, because we're discussing that literally as we speak in that -- again, the great part of owning the intellectual property is you have choice. And so, for instance, just how the syndication business has proven to be extremely valuable over the years, it's not a new business, but historically, right we've taken shows off net after three or four years and put them on cable networks and/or streaming services, the older series, to drive awareness back to the broadcast network. When we look at A Good Fight, for example, and we see a few million people have watched The Good Fight given that it's exclusively on All Access, what if we took season one of The Good Fight and put it on the CBS broadcast network to drive subscribers back to CBS All Access. And so, we're literally thinking all of the possibilities through. It has to be broad enough to have mass appeal for the CBS broadcast network. So, we're not going to ever lower our standards there. But because the quality of the content we're producing at All Access does that, the promotional platform that the network has is bigger than the streaming platform and/or other Cable Networks. So, we're really thinking about that going forward and obviously that has an effect, Mike, of reducing costs, because it would reduce development cost across the company. So, it's really an efficient use of the intellectual property, i.e. the franchise we have. And so, that's a pretty astute observation you made and just know we're discussing it as we speak.
Joseph Ianniello: Yes. Michael, look, the international marketplace remains robust. So, like I said earlier, again, that's sold a little differently than the domestic marketplace, as you know. So, when we have five of the top 10 new shows on television that really reloads our international sales team. So, we haven't seen any slowdown at all, quite the opposite. I mean, we see strong demands. We see that continuing. So, I don't know will our approach be different as we roll out All Access internationally. We still probably see it initially as the second cycle or co-terminus, but really depending upon what these licensors -- licensees, I should say, want to pay. We're going to have optionality as we approach the marketplace, but I don't see anything changing in the international marketplace in the foreseeable future.
Joseph Ianniello: So, Doug, you are right, I'm not going to obviously comment on any Board actions. I think that's obviously up to the Board of Directors. The management team is focused on operating the company. Obviously, we just posted our best year in quarter, as we said, in our history. At a company where it's over 90 years old to give guidance of a multiyear where your revenue growth rate for the next three years are going to grow faster than your last three years, it's pretty impressive. So, that's what we're focused on. I know you asked Chris about the EPS and stuff like that, we're not going to break out individually by year, because we think it's important to look at it over the two-year period. I think the numbers are quite healthy. Like I said, we see it accelerating. On the data stuff. Look, I think, we're going to see. And so, what we know to-date is our consumers are saying they want more. So, we're going to give them that and we're going to see as we go. And that's why we said we're going to add four new series. We're not adding 10 new series, we're adding four. And so, after that goes, we're going to see what data suggests there and then as that goes. So, it's opportunistic the investment. So, we can scale it back. We can lean into it further, but everything we're seeing again is our best and highest use of our cash is to make another hit original and put it on Showtime or CBS All Access and monetize it for many, many years to come. And, obviously, you've seen the power of the broadcast television network as part of that strategy. And so, we're really in an enviable position. And I think that's why you see lots of other companies coming into the media space, tech companies, distribution companies, they wouldn't be allocating fresh capital to this sector if they didn't see significant growth opportunities and the good news is, we're well positioned, we've been ahead of the game and we're experts of what we do and we're going to continue to do what we do. So, I'm not sure if I answered your question Doug, but it was a good one.
Joseph Ianniello: Well, Doug, I think there is other things. I mean the technology have to work. So, the first thing I want to take a little victory lap for is our technology works. I believe, it's the only platform in this country that is done partnering with all of our local affiliates that has 180 different commercial ad loads that has live local programming plus catch-up viewing, plus original series inside and outside the home. So, you got to have scalable technology that works. It gets out of the way of the consumer. You have to have premium content that engages them on a consistent basis. And so, if you do that, I mean, at some point will you get to the law of diminishing returns? Sure. We are nowhere near that as we sit here today. And so, we're going in based on the data points that we've seen because we've been at this for three years now. And so, we have some really good proof points that suggest that. So, we don't have to bet the company in order to kind of lean into this. And so, we will see how big the opportunity is. But again, you just see the numbers today. We pulled up -- when we made the prediction in 2016 at that Investor Day, we had basically zero subscribers. We said 8 million by 2020. we've crossed 8 million already. So, I mean just pause and think about that. And they're telling us when they passed this subscription they say, we want more. So, let's give them more. And hopefully again as I said in that, the reacquisition cost is much more efficient and they're coming back. They're not leaving the ecosystem. They just want more. And so, let's give it to them.
Joseph Ianniello: There's no change. As you know, those are limited sponsorships spots that they have there, David. And we do the weekends, we do Saturday, Sunday.
Christina Spade: Sure. Hi, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. So, in terms of this year, it's all timing. I mean, in terms of our trajectory for growth, it's strong and there is no concern there. It's truly timing. In terms of the next two years, the 70% renewals, it's consistently across the two years and we really feel that we're going to reset our rate to fair value like we've done in the past. So, from the standpoint of where we are with that, we're coming from a position of strength.
Christina Spade: Hi. Bryan, thanks for the question about political. So, I said 72% twice on purpose in my comments. We did a little over $100 million in revenue for political advertising, so it was really a strong quarter and political inciting is good for CBS. Joseph Ianniello -- President and Acting Chief Executive Officer And Bryan on Canada, what I could say is that, I wish the country was bigger. As you know, it's a little north of 10% of the United States and it seems to be following that pattern when we launched All Access here in the States. So, that's good news. I would say though as we launched Australia in Q4, what we saw there was actually a faster pickup and I think that's because we had live local programming, because we own Network 10. So, the offering in Australia is a little bit different with the live local programming and I think that's also a key part of the overall value proposition that consumers are resonating and that's why we're launching our local services here by market, because what we think the streaming services for CBSN Local again ad supported, but very valuable to the consumer engaged with the content local news, sports, weather, traffic 24/7, really is a nice value proposition from a trusted reliable brand at CBS. So, we're going to continue that. So, internationally, we're going to continue to roll these out, kind of market by market. I think we should think in English language speaking first and as we expand where we have pockets and it's not impacting content licensing negatively, we'll go aggressively in some of these emerging markets. So, stay tuned for more.
Christina Spade: Yes. I would also add to that that we have a strong programming pipeline that we're going to pull from. So, it's not just about creating the programming but it's also creating quality premium programming that people want to watch.
Christina Spade: Okay. Sure. Thanks for the question. So, on the news side, there is really not of incremental cost that really drives revenue growth. We're highly monetizing the products and it's really going to just build our revenue portfolio. On the restructuring, $0 are related to that.
