Bob Bakish: Yes. Sure, Jessica. Let me take that. So on Simon & Schuster, we are very happy with this deal. It’s a great outcome for our company. As we’ve discussed before, Simon & Schuster is a fantastic asset. But from a strategic perspective, it’s not core to our mission of creating and monetizing world-class video entertainment. And we think we found a very good home for S&S with KKR. Importantly, this transaction checks all the boxes from a financial perspective. We’re selling the asset at an accretive valuation and the deal will meaningfully help de-lever our balance sheet. And as we’ve said, we’re going to use the proceeds to pay down debt. So again, thrilled with this transaction. With respect to other assets, look, we’re always looking for ways to maximize shareholder value. And as we said before, that might involve divesting, acquiring or potentially partnering on assets all of which we’ve done. But other than that, I’m not going to comment on anything specifically.
Bob Bakish: But Brett, just to jump in, I think it also goes to the fundamental premise behind our thesis, and that is broad. We talked about Paramount+ as new sports and amount of entertainment. And the fact of the matter is when we look at the data under the covers, we are seeing conjoint analysis, if you will, of sports viewers watching entertainment programming. And to Naveen’s point on efficiency, for example, we probably need to do less for that viewer who is an NFL viewer in the fall and do more for that viewer outside the fall because we can rely on the NFL. That’s an example of fine-tuning our strategy. And really, that also goes to why we are doing Paramount+ with Showtime. Again, that broad product, which we are seeing 40% more titles consumed when Showtime and Paramount+. It’s all about studying the data and leveraging this combination of sports and entertainment, not doing either naked. That is, I believe the path to success because, among other things, it helps you lower your churn, but it has broader benefits as well and ad monetization and subscriber acquisition, engagement, etcetera.
Bob Bakish: Yes. Robert, so on the advertising side, you are right, we see a combined impact of cyclical and secular. On the cyclical side, look, rates are coming down a bit. Things are marginally improving. But what we have really been focusing on is the secular side. And you see that in terms of how we are participating and really driving the digital ad market. For us, direct digital is very strong, and it wouldn’t be had we not configured our product line to prosecute it basically. And we are going after that with EyeQ, which is a combination, of course of Pluto TV and Paramount+. We are seeing direct digital strong, and we are seeing improvement in programmatic, and we expect both of those things to continue. So, that’s all about secular. And as we roll forward through the year, in Q3, we expect to see a slight improvement overall on a year-to-year basis, but that will be driven by D2C, so back to the secular piece. And then as we get to Q4, there, sports are going to be a key driver, including the NFL, the Big Ten that – by the way, that timing has turned up to be great for us as well as our modified CBS slate, which is strong and has plenty of scripted programming. That should add meaning multiple benefit on the linear side. And yes, hopefully, we continue to see some cyclical improvement. But we are very much focused on this secular trend, and we think we are extremely well positioned given the impression scale we have in the marketplace with EyeQ, and the revenue growth trends we are seeing. So, we are very excited about the road ahead.
Bob Bakish: Yes, sure, Bryan. So look, I think we are all of sound as an industry that we could not get deals done with the writers and actors to avoid the situation we are in. And I would reiterate that our partnership with the creative community is critical to the health of the industry. So, we remain hopeful for a timely resolution. That said, with respect to our film fleet, the good news is we have a significant number of films, of which production is complete. That includes Killers of The Flower Moon, Bob Marley, John Krasinski’s IF, as well as A Quiet Place Day One and Dear Santa with Jack Black. We also have a Mean Girls musical for Paramount+. Strikes do present some marketing challenges, something we are working to assess with respect to our lease strategy. But again, we are well stocked. And you heard the commentary on the CBS alternate schedule. That too draws from our global multi-platform asset base and is very strong. So, from a content perspective, we are in pretty good shape. Again, it all comes down to duration. And I want to reiterate that we are hopeful that we can solve this as an industry sooner rather than later because we would all like to get back in the content production business. But in the near-term, we are working to mitigate the impact to our consumers and other constituents.
Bob Bakish: Yes. And I would just add in closing, I want to emphasize that we remain focused on executing our strategy, and that means continuing to scale streaming while maximizing our traditional business to deliver significant total company earnings growth in ‘24 and create a more sustainable growth model in the process. Through it all, we will be nimble in navigating the current environment in the near-term, while focusing on creating shareholder value for the long-term. And with that, thank you, everyone, be well, and we will talk to you soon.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. So with respect to the questions on ARPU and what it means in terms of the D2C trends in ‘23 versus 24, I’d point out a few things. So first, the ARPU growth in Q2 was really driven primarily by improvements in, I’ll say, subscriber mix, particularly in international markets, but also a little bit as between our ad-supported and premium tiers here in the U.S. And also was benefited by growth in digital advertising, which obviously enhances ARPU for both Paramount – for Paramount+ and also in Pluto. The thing to realize about the trajectory sort of on more of a full year basis is that there is some seasonality in content expense. So as an example, in Q3 and Q4, we have more sports in season. And so you tend to see slightly higher content expense there, which is the answer to your question of why is ‘23 expected to be peak losses as opposed to 2022. Now that being said, I think the important takeaway here is that there is significant earnings improvement expected in D2C as we move into next year. There are a number of levers that will contribute to that, obviously, continued subscriber growth, significant ARPU growth. I’ve talked about that a bit in my prepared remarks. That’s a combination of the price increase continued, what I’ll call, accretive sub mix, continued improvement in advertising ARPU, churn reduction and very importantly, getting more leverage on our content investments. We’ve already made a lot of progress on that front. And I expect to see additional large efficiency gains there next year, particularly as we focus on our key audiences, our key franchises, and find more ways to leverage content across platforms. So we’re really looking forward to what we will be able to deliver next year, but also encouraged by what we’re seeing in 2023.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks, Ben. There’s a few questions in there, so I’ll try to hit all of those. First, with respect to ARPU, I think we laid out most of the drivers in our prepared remarks. But just as a reminder, there’s a significant benefit there from price increase, which we will get a full year of benefit in that in 2024. We do also expect subscriber mix to be favorable, particularly in international markets. Our base historically started in some, I’ll say, some lower ARPU markets and a lot of the growth next year will be in higher ARPU markets. That probably explains some of the delta between our ARPU growth rate versus what you may have seen elsewhere. And also advertising. We pointed to the fact that we are delivering very high levels of digital advertising growth. There’s a significant piece of that is driven by Paramount+, and we expect that to continue to be a driver next year. In terms of the elasticity of the business as we have started to raise price, I’ll share a few things that we’ve observed thus far although keeping in mind, it’s still relatively early days since we implemented the price increase. Thus far, we’ve seen that new subscriber starts have basically been in line with our expectations. And we’re seeing some really encouraging data around engagement, including a double-digit increase in daily hours per sub since we launched the combined product that’s obviously consistent with our thesis for putting these services together. And we’re optimistic about the net churn impact, but it’s probably a little early to have enough data to really measure that. And all of those metrics are driven by very strong content lineup, which we’ve talked about. So we’re encouraged by what we see in terms of, call it, the consumer value proposition. And then with respect to your question on what it all means with respect to cash content spend, I’d say a few things. First, we’ve historically talked about cash content spend on a total company basis as growing, call it, low single digits. But as you heard in my remarks, we are laser-focused on improving the efficiency of our content spend going forward. And that’s true for both linear and for streaming. We’re accomplishing that goal by leveraging content across platforms more and more by leaning into franchises. And now that we’ve got more data, we’re increasingly able to use analytics to understand how to super serve these key audience segments. And so we can get away from, call it, a volume-focused game and be more focused on making sure that we have the right content for the right audience at the right time. Financially, that means that there is opportunity to further improve the long-term trajectory of cash content spend. Now keep in mind the strikes, obviously, will create some timing shifts between how cash gets deployed in ‘23 versus 2024, but it doesn’t change our commitment to improving that cash spend over a multiyear period of time.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks. So Rich, as you know, we delivered very strong overall digital advertising revenue growth in the quarter. And that was a combination of Paramount+ and Pluto. So, Pluto is absolutely a key ingredient to driving that growth. And by the way, we expect that growth rate to accelerate next quarter. And it’s really all about driving engagement on both of those platforms that allows us to do that, particularly in a world where, as we talked about, we see an opportunity to bring a whole new class of advertisers onto our digital advertising platforms. There has been a lot of conversation about sort of the cannibalization of television advertising by other forms of digital. We think that’s not the right way to look at this. We are very bullish about the volume of engagement that we are creating and what that means in terms of the digital advertising opportunity that exists in the future. And that will be enabled by both Paramount+ and Pluto. We sell them together to our advertising clients and that gives us a lot of opportunity to sell to both large and small clients. So, Pluto is performing well, and we are very excited to have it as part of our portfolio.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. Hey Brett, it’s Naveen. I will take those, but probably in reverse order. So, first, starting with sports, one of the reasons we like sports on Paramount+ is that those do tend to be some of our highest LTV customers. And that may be a little counterintuitive because some people assume that sports viewers come in during the season and then they disappear. But the reality is sports viewers are not just sports viewers, they like other forms of content, but you got to program it in a smart and thoughtful way. And so that’s where we are able to use a lot of the data that we have collected over the last couple of years to understand what are the types of programming that an NFL viewer or a Champions League viewer is most likely to engage with. And as long as we can get them to engage with one or two additional titles, as I mentioned earlier, the churn rate drops dramatically, hence the attractive LTVs that we get from those types of subscribers. With respect to the second part of your question, in terms of churn initiatives, it shouldn’t surprise you to hear, it’s multidimensional. It’s first and foremost, about content, making sure that we have the right content for the key audiences that we are focused on, but also timing that content correctly and then programming and promoting it correctly, which is really about figuring out if an audience is starting with Show X, what is the next thing that you want to put in front of them to ensure that you can engage them once a particular series comes to an end. So, it starts with content, but it is also about getting smarter on the marketing side and then also using bundles and partnerships to further improve the churn dynamics. We have talked in the past about some of the benefits of doing that. So, we are going to be using multiple angles to continue to make improvements on churn. And we have seen a great track record there to-date.
Naveen Chopra: Robert, just real quick on the licensing questions that you asked. I think the $600 million number that you referenced, just to clarify, that was just an indication of the contribution of CBS content to licensing in the quarter, not a timing benefit. And next quarter, CBS content will also be a major contributor to licensing. The timing benefit that was called out was really in relation to the Filmed Entertainment segment, where we did have deals that ended up getting closed in Q2 as opposed to Q3. So, that accelerated some of the revenue. But as I have said, the licensing business in general tends to be lumpy, so it’s very possible you could have something similar next quarter or thereafter. So, really no major timing issues to call out.
Naveen Chopra: And then I will just jump in on the P+ impact specifically. It’s similar in the sense that we actually feel pretty good about our slate. Our back half plan does include a number of formats that are either unaffected by the strike or things that were already in the can that include shows like Special Ops: Lioness, which is now on the service, the next season of Billions as well as our next Taylor Sheridan original women [ph]. We will continue, obviously, to get the benefit of NFL Football, the SEC and Big Ten, all three of which will be in full swing during the fall. And then we will still have our theatrical movies coming to the slate. Transformers is doing well right now and then both Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and PAW Patrol will be on the service later this year. So, we still feel good about the slate. There will be some originals that were previously planned to hit Paramount+ in Q4 that will move into 2024 due to strike-related production delays. But it’s really too early to sort of estimate what the impact of that will be. But we feel pretty good about our distribution plan and the slate in general.
