Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Michael. Let me start. Look, we've been big believers in the dual revenue stream model in streaming, i.e., advertising from the start and the fact that others are following our lead is really a validation of the thesis we've had for years.  So yes, there will be incremental options in the market. But really, competition is nothing new. And importantly, our competitive position in the ad market is very strong. Advertisers are focused on being associated with premium content, and we have a really diverse collection here across entertainment, sports and news. And it's highly coveted by advertisers.  I'd also point out that our content has been created and formatted with advertising in mind, and that's important. Second, look, we've been in a multi-platform ad business for years, and that gives us very high quality reach and scale of over 1 trillion ad impressions per year across all demographics. And then you add to that industry-leading, integrated advertising and advanced advertising capabilities. and really a long track recordship of partnership and customer services with agencies and their clients.  And we know how to transact in upfront. We know how to transact in scatter. We know how to do programmatic. So we had a lot of elements of strength here. And I'd point out that all that's not just conceptual, it translates into performance.  If you look at our Q2 growth rate, particularly in digital, I think you'll find that at the top of the industry. And it's quite clear to me that we took share in this most recent upfront, There, we had digital volume up on the order of 30%. So yes, there will be some new entrants, but we feel very good about our position, and we look forward to continuing to benefit from it.
Robert Bakish: Sure, Bryan. Well, look, we see both headwinds and tailwinds in advertising. It's true that there are some challenges in the scatter market and in digital, and that really is, as you would guess, driven by the state of the macroeconomic environment. That's showing up in certain categories, things like auto continues to be impacted by the supply chain. Packaged goods is managing through inflation issues, which is really impacting their ad spending as they look to protect margins.  But these aren't long-term issues. There are short-term challenges we got to just work through. On the positive side, TV clearly remains resilient on a relative basis, and that's a function of a very tight supply. And so we benefit at Paramount from having a balance across linear and digital clearly.  And I note that we are seeing some areas of category strength, including in Q2 and today, travel, technology. Also worth noting that we're taking advantage of the current situation to increase our level of promotion for in-house assets, particularly with respect to Paramount+. That gives us incremental product visibility to the consumer, and it also benefited us in terms of third-party expense reduction.  As we look ahead in this ad market, there's 2 things I'd note. First, we're really pleased with how the upfront played out and particularly the volume dynamic in it, which was up nicely. Second, there are 2 important new category tailwinds that we'll see probably late Q3 and certainly Q4. The first is pharmaceuticals. That came back big in the upfront. That's super important to us because it's a big category for us given our demographics and specifically the demos of CBS.  And the second is political. We're expecting advertising related to the midterm to be very strong given what's going on there. And I'd note that historically, that's really a stations business and for sure, it will be a stations business this year. But also with targeting, we see IQ and Pluto playing there and therefore benefiting as well. So that's really the ad market. I don't know if you want to comment on...
Robert Bakish: Yes, Steven, let me take the Pluto piece and then Naveen will go from there. So I'd start by saying Pluto is the leader in fast in the U.S. And as you know, it's rapidly growing internationally as well. I'd note that the supply side of Pluto continues to track very strongly. We look at impression delivery, and it's in line with our expectations for the beginning of the year.  MAUs are now at basically $70 million because we're getting great consumer traction and engagement, time spent, et cetera on Pluto continues to grow. In fact, we saw an acceleration of that from Q1 to Q2. So very good supply side equation.  Revenue side has certainly been impacted by the macroeconomic situation. It's really a marketplace dynamic that unfortunately, we're not immune to. But even with that, some very compelling facts to focus on. Related to the streaming ad size, Paramount+ grew advertising over 90% in the quarter.  And if you look at our total D2C ad business in the quarter, including Pluto TV, that grew 25%. That's partially because we are gaining share. We have a very strong proposition in the marketplace. And another indicator of that strength is really the 30% digital volume growth -- ad volume growth that we saw in the upfront.  So to your question of it being a price taker, sure, we play in the programmatic market. That matters. It's an important part of the equation. But again, we're not just selling Pluto, we're selling a full range of streaming product and multiplatform product and having great traction with advertisers. And we think that is a tremendous positive for the company and will be even more so as the macro situation improves.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Rich. So a couple of points there. I don't know exactly what chart you're looking at. But if you look at Q2, Paramount's combined U.S. linear delivery was bigger than Netflix. And that's even more the case if you combine linear and streaming, but that's really neither here or there.  The question on margins is really the core of what you're asking. And as we look at, as streaming becomes bigger for us, as we gain scale, we see operating margins from streaming approaching that of TV Media. Remember, Rich, we've only been in the streaming business for a short time. Others have been there for years. We need to give this a bit of time to play out.  But there are real reasons that we see this path to superior margins. And at the core of it, it's our differentiated as we say, playbook. If you look at where we are in content, we're clearly advantaged. We've got a broad offering. Many, many globally renowned franchises, backed up by a deep library, I mean the economic value of going and trying to replace that library, I don't even know what it would be. And we got tremendous engagement, i.e., time spent off the library. So that's one important economic advantage.  Two, we have a platform advantage. The combination of streaming and traditional is significant. It helps our content economics. It helps our marketing economics, and it shouldn't be discounted.  Third, we're in the free streaming space and the pay streaming space. So what does that do? It gets us a bigger TAM. And we regularly see the value of serving consumers that don't pay for streaming as well as the ones that do, and obviously, the associated ad access.  And fourth, we have this global operating footprint. I mean we deployed it in the U.K. The reason we got the CJ deal done in South Korea is we've been there for years, there, in a joint venture. But nonetheless, we have experience, we have assets, we have relationships, and those provide real leverage, including in streaming.  So you put all that together, and we do see a superior financial envelope at comparable level of scale to someone else. And we do see this tracking to TV Media-like markets, which is at the core of your question. We just have to let it play out a bit. And yes, we've got to manage through some near-term macroeconomic headwinds, but we will. So we're very excited about this transformation journey that we're on.
Robert Bakish: Sure, Jessica. So IPL i.e., India cricket, I assume, that's a deal that was done by our joint venture in India, Viacom18, which recently had a transaction where they brought in Bodhi Tree as an investor and Capital Infusion.  Their intent, and I don't really leave it to the joint venture, which, by the way, our other partners, Reliance, to speak to that, and they haven't spoke to it much. But what they have said is it's -- we obviously have the streaming rights there. It's going to be part of a streaming offering for the Indian market, that Viacom18 is going to launch in 2023.  We've also said that we are going to -- Paramount+ is going to launch with it, essentially as another form of hard bundle, a tier. And therefore, we're really excited about it because we get the very material benefit of cricket, and cricket is at the top of the food chain in India.  And so it will be a real engine for streaming, and then Paramount+ will benefit by being part of that, even though we're not directly investing on an O&O basis, we're obviously part of the joint venture. So that's the IPL answer.
Robert Bakish: Yes. Sure, Brett. So on your first question, inflation, in our business, we actually saw inflation a while ago, really more in the production side of the house related to talent and competition therein. So we've been managing with that for a while. And thankfully, we are viewed as a good place to work, if you will.  And we have many partnerships with important people in front of and behind the screen working with us to make shows. But -- so the current inflation driving things like higher fuel prices and all is not really that much of a factor for us incremental. We're watching it, but I wouldn't think of that as a step function change for us like it is, for example, for a packaged goods company that's buying raw materials at seeing those prices increase, very different dynamic.
Robert Bakish: Yes, let me just jump in here. I really want to thank everyone for their time today. In closing, I hope you heard how we're deploying a very unique asset portfolio with a differentiated strategy to not only successfully compete in this challenging macroeconomic environment, but importantly, take share and continue to have real momentum, particularly in the streaming space.  So we're very excited about the future. We're going to continue to manage through it, and we look forward to keeping you updated as we do. In the interim, thanks again for your time, and be well, everyone. Bye-bye.
Naveen Chopra: And Mike, with respect to your question on the outlook for 2023, I'd really say 2 things. One, I mean, as you saw in Q2, we continue to see tremendous momentum in the direct-to-consumer business, whether you look at the growth on Paramount+ subs, what we're seeing in terms of churn, nice MAU growth and engagement growth at Pluto and most importantly, D2C revenue growth at very, very strong levels, 50% on a combined basis, well over 100% revenue growth at Paramount+.  So what we're really navigating from an OIBDA perspective is the weakness in the macro advertising marketplace. And as you said, it's really too early to know exactly what the market will look like in 2023. But we are still focused on managing the business to peak losses in '23, and then starting to see improvements in earnings, both for the D2C segment and the consolidated business as a whole beyond that as we move toward our long-term D2C revenue and subscriber goals.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. I mean in terms of our expectations for Pluto in the back part of the year, I'd take a couple of things. We don't obviously guide to Pluto specifically. It is part of our broader D2C business, as you well know. And we continue to see very healthy levels of growth there, 56% D2C revenue growth in the quarter. And I think we'll probably finish the year with very healthy revenue growth across the segment.
Naveen Chopra: And in terms of the question around the stability of TV Media earnings, as we said, we do expect the -- in the near term, there'll be some impact because of the macro advertising environment. But longer term, we do still remain confident that once that advertising market recovers, we can deliver TV Media -- stable TV Media OIBDA, and that's enabled by a combination of a few things. Number one, rate increases in both the affiliate and advertising side of the business, and there's been evidence of that over the last few quarters. We've done -- we have a very successful track record of putting in place new affiliate deals that either have built-in rate escalators or fixed fee components on the station side of the business. And then obviously, on the advertising side, we're very happy with what we've seen in the upfront, both in terms of price increases and what we've been able to do from a volume perspective.  So rate is an important part of the equation. We also expect to see continued meaningful contributions from the licensing side of that business, which is enabled by a combination of both an incredible catalog and unique production capabilities.  And of course, we will continue to have a lot of innovation and discipline on the cost side of the equation, and that's true across programming, it's true across marketing, and it's true across our broader operations. So the combination of all those things will be key to delivering stable TV Media OIBDA.
Naveen Chopra: Yes. It's Naveen, I'll take both of those. First, on content spend. The most important thing to remember is that when we think about our content investment, we're always looking at it in the context of the growth and the return that it unlocks.  And so of course, when you think about it through that lens, you have to focus on the fact that we added 5 million Paramount+ subs in the quarter. Paramount+ revenue growth was 120%, and we continue to be very bullish about growth going forward.  So our content investment is definitely working. It's producing very real results in the momentum that you've seen. And at the same time, we're very committed to our long-term growth objectives around the D2C business, and we intend to continue to invest to support that growth opportunity.  Continuing as we have to make those decisions prudently with a real eye towards the ROI of the investments, what we don't want to do is sacrifice a long-term opportunity by overreacting to some of the short-term headwinds that obviously exist, particularly in the advertising marketplace today.  So we're continuing to move forward. We're continuing to fund the growth. We think it's an incredible opportunity. And as you pointed out, our content dollars are used differently than many of our peers. We leverage those assets across many platforms, and it's one of the reasons that we can grow faster, while spending less than others.  In terms of your question on the Filmed Entertainment business, obviously, we have not provided any specific long-term guidance there. But I would encourage you to think about that business more broadly, which is to say, increasingly, the value of our movies is not just about what they generated in the box office.  Those windows are now expanding in terms of -- it's not just about box office and home entertainment and then going to third parties, we can generate a lot of value out of those assets on our streaming services. We continue to monetize them from a catalog perspective. So it's -- for us, it's really about continuing to build the asset value, and we do that by having a great slate that will continue to be heavy on franchises. And we're looking forward to what that does both for the box office business and also our other channels.
Naveen Chopra: And Jessica, with respect to the question on content spend in future years, I'd point you back to what we shared during our Investor Day back in February. As you know, we're -- our goal is to drive the growth on the D2C business to over $9 billion of revenue by the end of 2024. We said at that time that, that would involve D2C content expense of around $6 billion. And we're still operating with that in mind. We haven't provided any kind of specific cadence of exactly what that looks like from year to year, but we're continuing to invest and manage the business with those goals.
Naveen Chopra: And in terms of pricing on streaming services, specifically Paramount+, I think you really have to look at that in the context of ARPU more broadly because remember, we have a dual revenue stream model, which means that we're not entirely dependent on price increases for growth.  And we are -- despite some of the short-term headwinds, we continue to be very bullish about the potential for continued ad ARPU growth on our streaming services. In fact, we've seen healthy double-digit growth in ad ARPU on the Essentials tier of Paramount+, despite some of the macro headwinds. That's, of course, driven by meaningful growth in engagement and continued innovation around the ad products that we make available.  Pricing will be a part of the equation. And though we don't have any imminent price changes, they will happen in the future, and we'll do it while also taking into account the evolution of our content offering, looking at what sort of bundles and other promotional opportunities are available to our customers. and of course, thinking about our value proposition relative to competing services, where I point out, I think we offer a very strong value position today. So we're continuing to look at pricing. We continue to look at how we optimize the tiering along with that, but it's part of a broader overall ARPU story.
Naveen Chopra: Yes, I'll take those. It's Naveen. So first, in terms of D2C revenue growth for the year, we continue to expect very healthy levels of D2C growth. But obviously, given the macro advertising headwinds and the fact that there's a little bit less visibility in the back half of the year, it's possible we may not get all the way to that 60%. But I think it'll probably be relatively close. And either way, it's a very healthy number.  With respect to composition of subscribers at Paramount+, it's still balanced between the premium tier and the ad-supported essentials tier that can bounce around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter based on promotions and bundles and things that we may be doing with partners. But I think it continues to be evidence that they are both very compelling products, and they both serve unique and large markets. So we like that strategy.  And in terms of the ad load specifically, it's more a function of continuing to build out the ad products on Paramount+. We've launched advertising very recently within that service. And so for instance, there are certain parts of the product where advertising is not yet enabled and that will continue to evolve over time.
