Leslie Moonves: Yeah, Ben, overall advertising in the scatter marketplace continues to be extraordinarily hot. Really, we're getting into the upfront time, and it couldn't be happening at a better time. As you heard, our ratings are doing really well. Our shows are maintaining where they were. It's going be a very tough process, because we've seen a lot of pilots, and there's going to be a lot of battles in New York and L.A. over which shows get on. Yeah, we probably – our intent will be probably to sell more inventory this year. We expect to. Last year, we sold less, because the pricing wasn't as high as we wanted it to be. And once again, we gambled on scatter being better than the upfront and it proved to be a great gamble. It proved to be a great play. This year I think advertisers are coming in knowing that we have a stronger hand to play, that advertising for broadcast is going to be very, very strong. So, I would expect the volume to be up as well as the CPMs to be up a very nice amount.
Leslie Moonves: All I'm going say is I have a really strong independent, smart board. We look at everything that is available out there. We're not going to comment on some rumors that have been floating around.
Leslie Moonves: Yeah, regarding Hulu we talk to everybody, we listen to everybody. As you know, we're not a partner in Hulu, nor do we want to be. But – so, if they offer us the right pricing for our subs, we will absolutely consider it. And as Joe said, it's going to be hard to offer a pure offering without having CBS as part of it.
Leslie Moonves: Look, Jessica, you know Joanne Ross as well as I do. She is a world-class, our Head of Sales. She always maximizes the market. Obviously, this year the digital properties that we have, there will be conversations with them and there will be some cross-selling. It won't be as essential as it is at certain other companies, but our digital properties are very valuable and I'm sure across the board there will be a lot more multiplatform selling.
Leslie Moonves: Alexia, I'll do the first question. I'll have Joe do the second. I can give you two words: Star Trek. Once again, every other streaming service was after Star Trek. We could have cashed in for a lot of money selling it to the Netflix, the Amazon, the Hulu. They were all very interested in it. We know that Star Trek is a high-priced, quality product. And we feel like it is better by the way, knowing that we will have very strong international sales, which we're already getting in. That it's important that we show the world and we show everybody that All Access is a priority for us. It's very important to us and there are a lot of very rabid Star Trek fans who are going to sign up for it. We will follow that up with additional original content and we continue to play it that way.
Leslie Moonves: And on the sports question, obviously we do a long-term deal with the NFL, included in that deal is three or four Super Bowls. So that is all figured in on how we amortize the cost. Yes, our pricing was phenomenal. The market was extraordinarily strong at the time. Look, our affiliates contribute to our football rights fee. They don't specifically pay extra for the Super Bowl. However, knowing how much money our O&Os made during the Super Bowl with pricing being as high as it is, we assume our affiliates did quite well, as well. So, the Super Bowl ended up being very profitable, more because of the O&Os and the rest is figured in the overall deal.
Leslie Moonves: And, Mike, the reason this happened is because Showtime's batting average is as good as any service in the world. In other words, they realized they can bet on the next 10 series on Showtime and pay for it now, because David Nevins has done such a fabulous job of programming.
Leslie Moonves: Look, we feel like – digital is obviously going to be very, very important. It is for us. It is for many companies in the future. Obviously, there was some kinks in the system where people were paying for a lot of fraudulent numbers of people that weren't really watching. So, I think data becomes very, very important and more accurate data. In addition, what makes us confident is, by the same token, digital becomes important and stays important, there is a better effect of watching a television show. There's more engagement in that, and the effectiveness of advertising of broadcast television is far superior to that. And it's been proven that digital sales that go along with broadcast sales are by far the most effective. So, by no means are we denigrating digital sales, and we're a major part of it. But, I think the bang for the buck is much higher on broadcast.
Leslie Moonves: Well, we would like to go beyond the original 12 a year but, you know what? Our subs are going up at Showtime. So these guys are not affecting. If we do what we continue to do, which is produce quality programing, both scripted as well as much more documentaries and great sports shows, we expect that to continue on. We view Netflix and Amazon regarding Showtime program as a competitor. But, as I said, our batting average when you have a murderer's row like we do in that programming with more to come, we feel very confident we're going to continue to win.
Leslie Moonves: By the way, three of the last quarters of last year, Showtime was the highest performing – had highest ratings on any premium network in the three quarters of the four quarters. So that tells you about our programming versus other's programming.
Leslie Moonves: No. As to the 16 pilots, about eight pilots of them we own ourselves and about seven pilots of them we co-own.
Leslie Moonves: We have deals, we have shows, we have ABC, NBC, Sony and Warner Bros. So, we're doing business with virtually everybody in town. They're just co-productions.
Leslie Moonves: Doug, I've been doing this for a long time. As you say, everybody wants us to push younger. As I said earlier, we're going to win 18 to 34. You don't get younger than that, it looks like and we're definitely winning 18 to 49. And frankly, look, it's not much different year-over-year. We have, as I said, 16 pilots. They are like eight dramas and eight comedies. The best shows get on the air. The best shows get on the air for us and we could add extra comedies or not. We're going through our process now. It's a very exciting time of the year. I'm happy with what I'm seeing so far. We've certainly got enough players to put on. So, I don't think my strategy has changed any year except to win.
Leslie Moonves: Cost pressures, I can guarantee you that the amount of money that will be spent on programming next year on CBS will probably be less than was spent this year.
Leslie Moonves: Well, David, if you recall, that was Dr. Poltrack's acknowledgment of how he looked at the market. Frankly, being up 12%, right now I would say that number was conservative. I think that number was conservative. I think it will end up being a bit higher than that. I'm not going predict what it is. But we've outperformed where we thought we'd be in the first quarter, so we think we'll outperform for the year as well.
Leslie Moonves: David, unfortunately we are not allowed to answer your question in that, we are obviously we've thrown our hat in the ring in a number of markets and that's basically all we can say. We're in a period of quiet right now, before...
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Jessica, it's Joe. Look, obviously we're the number one network, so you just step back, you say for any bundle to be successful, not to have the number one network doesn't seem like that's a good start. So, when we say that, obviously we're feeling good about where we are, and we know the CBS All Access subscriber trends and that data. So, that positions us very well. So, we laid out that opportunity at our Investor Day, and I think the opportunity is very real, but we're going talk to everyone.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, look that's a pricing question, Jessica. And obviously, the more targeted the better ROI for our advertisers. I think, again they're going to obviously willing to pay a higher price, because it just makes sense. So, we're going to go in with that data and if that data is driving incremental sales, you should be rest assured we're going to monetize that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And, Alexia, on the Entertainment margin question, I think you kind of hit it on the head when you said underlying network advertising. When you have underlying network advertising growing at 12%, those are very high margin dollars. Because all we're paying right on that is a commission. So, that's what drove the margin expansion.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay. Michael, the second part, the Showtime programming, look, we're managing the budget. I think you saw all those new shows that are going. Obviously, it's in context with Showtime OTT growing as well as the base business. So again, I think if you looked at Showtime's margin, consistently you're seeing it in the mid-40%s. And we expect to maintain that. So again, the investment is kind of – we're feeding the growth with content. And I think that's the key and we're doing it smartly.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, I think again the way you should think about it is, these services again are singing up for the Showtime brand. So, it's the brand, Showtime. It's past, current and future series, Mike. So each day, we're adding to that pipeline at fixed price, at a fixed price. So, we know what that is. So, yeah, I think that's going to build over time. And again, we will roll that out to additional countries as those opportunities present themselves. So, we do see that as a growing opportunity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah. Look, I think again, because we're changing the release schedule, I think that helps I think, John, with the churns, because I think you're seeing that because there's always something else. I think if you have one hit series and it's on one time during the year and then you kind of go stale the rest of the year, I think you see churn. But when you have something coming every single quarter, every single month, you see reduction in churn. And we're absolutely seeing that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Sure. Bryan, it's Joe. So, the radio separation, yeah, we do anticipate a traditional two-step and IPO where it'd be sub 20%, again, similar to outdoor if you just looked at that as a template where CBS would own again, 80%-plus initially. But then we would follow that up later with a full separation of the assets, probably again an exchange offer vis-à-vis a split-off. Again, very similar to what we just did with outdoor. That being said, there's a lot of other opportunities in front of us. So, we will explore all those opportunities and pursue the one that we believe will maximize value for shareholders. As far as working capital, Bryan, obviously that has big swings. But obviously this one is a good swing because the Super Bowl. So, we're – the timing of those payments differ from when we paid the NFL and when we collected so I think 2016 is certainly off to a good working capital year; but as you know, we don't forecast that because obviously a lot of things can swing that from year-to-year.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Doug, I don't know if it's exactly straight line, but again because of the way the content's getting rolled out, it will be tied to that; but I mean, pretty close to that, Doug. I don't see any huge differences. Obviously 2017 with Star Trek, Twin Peaks and the others I think that's going to be a big year for us going into that. But then from there, it'll be more steady but there will be accelerated growth over the next in the coming months.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Tim, it's Joe. Let me start with the first one. We don't break it out. Again, the lion's share of the 12%, the Television Network was up 49%. And, again, that's a Television Network, the traditional as we know it. Obviously again, the digital part is a small part of the Entertainment segment. But obviously growing faster; but again, it's a much smaller number. So it doesn't move the needle like – it may in future. So I don't follow. Again, the second part of your question, Tim, can you just clarify that with the...
Joseph R. Ianniello: I would say most of that – and again, when I said three years, it's 2016, 2017 and 2018. Most of that is in 2017. A big chunk of that 36% for retrans, 38% for affiliate. Again the lion – big – majority, I would say is in 2017.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, whatever synergies we're going to preserve. So I mean again if they're co-located in a facility. We'll make sure the lease covers both entities. So we're not going to lose any efficiencies by separating it out. Again, we're not going do that, that doesn't make any sort of sense. There's obviously a lot of stations that have call letters with our call letters on them, and so we will preserve that. So, again we're trying to add to both the profitability of the TV and radio stations, not make one go up and the other down.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yeah, Vijay, look, I think that the traditional guys as they come to us as they're changing their distribution, we're going to be open. They're our partners. We want them to be successful. They have an installed base. But again, we've always said from day one, we're open to this, but we've got to be paid value for that. For what we're delivering, if it's rights outside the home or whatever, what have you, we're willing to work with our partners. But there's got to be value benefit coming back to the folks who create and own the intellectual property.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, we think it's upside. We gave you the retrans number at the Investor Day. We were pretty clear about what that is per sub, on the retrans and reverse comp side. And, again, we said that would include out-of-home rights, but certainly again if we're talking stuff beyond that, that will be additive. We're pretty good at math.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Local TV, ex-Super Bowl, underlying TV is up-low single digits if you exclude all comparables. Let's just put it that way.
