Leslie Moonves: Yes, clearly, Ben, we've been heading in this direction for a long time. We have seen this coming. DVR usage has been growing. And obviously, streaming is sort of a pretty new, as is a VOD. And some of it we're getting paid for. Look, the majority of DVR viewing is in the first 3 days, which is good, and we're pushing to get it to be -- to 7 days. And we think that's going to happen within a relatively short period of time, as well as that. Streaming, once again, we are getting paid for it on cbs.com. We're making all these deals. And VOD is going to get there as well. So as I said, it's a different way of looking at our world. But once again, when you add all these elements together, financially, it is a positive for us. And once again, you have to stop -- people have to stop looking at overnight ratings because it's really a very, very different ballgame than it ever was. And once again, we are encouraged because more and more people are absorbing content, and we're going to get paid more and more.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, Showtime, actually, was one of the first precursors. They had Dexter on Netflix before we even made our CBS deal. So yes, we have deals in place potentially down the line for shows from Showtime, from CBS and The CW. So -- and then once again, once again, the only deals we've made so far are about 7% of our library content. And then we just added CSI: Miami to that mix since we took it off the air in May. So frankly, the sky's the limit in terms of availability and our ability to grow our deal with Netflix.
Leslie Moonves: All right, David. In terms of -- it is definitely a shift for us. And you know what, we've looked at the results from Netflix and Amazon, we're getting more and more information from streaming on our own sites. And in certain cases, we have come to the conclusion that streaming of previous seasons of certain shows will actually give benefit to it, as it has been with syndication. As we saw with NCIS when it went to syndication, ratings went up; Big Bang, ratings went up. So we're now taking a look. And as you know, Netflix really likes -- would like to do that, and we have deals in place for previous seasons at very good rates. So it is looking like it is very attractive, obviously, for the bottom line, as well as we think it will be a help to the network, not a hindrance, to do that. What that could mean? It could mean tens of millions of dollars. It can be the equivalent or even better than or part of syndication. In other words, like we do internationally. You take a show and you look at slicing and then dicing it in very, very different ways than you ever did before, and it's great that now you have 12 revenue streams instead of just basic fast fall down the middle to syndication. Regarding the C3 progression, going to your second question, we absolutely -- as I said, there a lot of factors that influence the start of the season. There was a lot of political things going on, and we have seen it grow. Frankly, the numbers have grown from that, and C3 is becoming a bigger part of our universe. And when you see these numbers, as I said, 3 million, 4 million viewers added to a number, 1.5 points added to an 18 to 49 number, they are substantial, and they are growing, and more and more people are doing that. And that's especially potent when it comes to the 10:00 shows because 10:00 shows people go to sleep, but they may watch that 10:00 show the next day. And we're finding it -- you look at Monday night, and you see there are 3 10:00 shows that are actually working on all 3 networks, and they all are benefited greatly by a C3 number, which is very high. And that's Hawaii Five-O for us, Revolution and Castle on ABC. And in terms of the ad pacing, once again, as Joe mentioned, we are seeing mid-teen growth in the scatter market. Add that to the high single digits that we got in the upfront, and you're looking at substantial growth numbers as we head into the fourth and then the first quarter, which is why we're optimistic and why we stated our pacing is actually growing and it's getting more and more intense. So looking forward, the rest of the season should be terrific.
Leslie Moonves: I'll give you a little color on the retrans, and Joe will go to the number. Look, we have a lot of power. The NFL gives us a lot of power. In addition, as I mentioned, having Showtime is great. So the conversations were heated. They were intense. But we're happy we didn't have to pull our signal and cost ourselves any money. Did Jimmy Dolan and I deal directly? Yes, quite a bit, quite a bit, and it was a good conversation. As you can imagine, there was wrangling. The same thing in all of the conversations, but we came out very well. Joe, why don't you talk about...
Leslie Moonves: I'll deal a little bit with the first part, and I'll have Joe do the streaming. In terms of sports, it's still the hottest ticket in town, specifically the NFL. It's selling very well at every single network. Our ratings are up a couple of points from a sensational year last year. You're not seeing -- that's the part of the universe that streaming doesn't come into play. Live sporting events is still huge, and yes, the pacing is even better, far better, than it is even for primetime. So we're very excited, and we wish the NFL lasted for 32 weeks instead of 17. And once again, having the AFC Championship and the Super Bowl, we're able to put together some pretty compelling packages. Daytime pacing, once again, it's -- I wouldn't call it as robust as prime, but it's doing extremely well. We make -- once again, our daytime programming makes significantly more profit than it made a couple of years ago. News, once again, has been a very active season. And the good news for both of our key news franchises, Scott Pelley's numbers are up considerably, and the Morning is up a lot as well. So we're really pleased with what we're doing there.
Leslie Moonves: Again, the great news is all these deals are non-exclusive. But once again, we're not going to take the entire schedule and put it on. We're going to pick and choose the shows that we think, a, are already sold into syndication; or b, we think that could help us in terms of raising the ratings on the network. So -- but once again, when you look at what we have on the air and all the seasons that are not streamed, that could be a sizable amount of money over the next couple of years.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, look, the early part of the year is always about sampling. People have spent the whole summer, some of them spent the Olympics, promoting new shows, and people want to try them out. This past week, we had our highest-rated week ever. This is the first -- this is the week that we were comparably better than a year ago in just about every demo -- I think in every demo. So what happens is they do go out and sample. And guess what's winning Wednesday night at 10:00 in every single demo? Year '13 of CSI, by a lot, okay, against 2 new shows, 2 new shows heavily promoted. So you know what, the stability of CBS is coming to the forefront much now -- much more now than in the opening couple of weeks of the season. So I didn't bring it up because it's sort of the same thing every year.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Laura, on film, we will have released 4 movies this year. '13, it looks like there's going to be 3. Once again, all of these are very low-budget releases, once again, not a great deal of exposure that really affects anything. As Joe said, look, we had P&A on 2 movies within a 3-week period of time, and last year we had 0. So it did affect that. But there is -- it's really very minimal.
Leslie Moonves: I never mind being called too successful. That's okay. No, look, scheduling still does matter. And yes, is it harder to get on our schedule than everybody else? Absolutely. As a matter of fact, last year, when we canceled Unforgettable, one of the papers said, which is true, CBS just canceled a show that was higher-rated than any other show at one other to-be-named-later network. Now we canceled it, and ironically, Sony came back to us, and we're now putting it on the summer. We're going to be doing more summer programming. Plus, you know what, our development costs basically are the same year after year. We really don't cut way back. The only year we cut way back was the year of the strike. So we will keep that going. And once again, we have always pulled our shows off a year early. I could have kept CSI: Miami on, but we pulled it off to make room for a Vegas or an Elementary, and that's what we did. We took CSI: Miami. We moved Mentalist from Thursday to Sunday, and we put Elementary in there, which looks like it's going to be a brand-new hit franchise for us. So look, I still look at the schedule every day. I'm still paying attention to it. We still are in full-scale development. And I think you have to look at the television universe in totality. Network ratings, profitability are all important, but as you know, we like having high ratings.
Leslie Moonves: We have the 2 highest-rated new shows of last year in Person of Interest and Two Broke Girls; highest-rated new drama, highest-rated new comedy. I think we have 2 keepers from this year. So our schedule is still filled with a lot of young shows mixed in with so many hits. Blue Bloods is only 3 years old. Hawaii Five-O is only 3 years old. NCIS: LA is 4 years old. So there is a lot -- Good Wife is 4 years old. There's a lot of youth in the schedule. Just because we have Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig, it doesn't mean that we don't have the up-and-coming young rookies, too.
Leslie Moonves: Okay, Doug, I'll start. With the Olympics, clearly the international Outdoor business benefited by that. We were the premier Outdoor advertiser there. So obviously, with a weak macro backdrop, we were able to post those results. We don't break out specific numbers. And as far as here in the States, it was highly rated here. We've generated some ad dollars. But good for that. And again, we'll have an easy comp next year, and we're focused on this season and going forward.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, I mean, look, did it affect our ratings? Sure, but not substantial, and we've anticipated it. And it happens every couple of years. They have the Olympics, and no big deal. And on your second question regarding the ad hopping, the fact of the matter is we produce content, and we need to get paid for it. I suppose if DISH wanted to pay us $5 a sub, we might consider letting them do that. So that would be the alternative to that, but under the current circumstances, they can eliminate our ads.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Number one, most of that 10% is based on one night. And we feel like, and our advertisers agree, that this is going to go away over the next few weeks and as we head into the beginning of the year. So there's no payback necessary. Once again, it's not a cut and dried system where if you've missed the number, they realize by the end of the year, we will be fine, so there's no make goods.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, it'll definitely close, Ben. It'll take a few years because when you depreciate, some -- it's usually our useful life is kind of on a 5- to 7-year average life cycle. So we've been on there -- at this for a few years now. So I think over the coming years, you'll see that continually step down. I think we do kind of give some kind of forward disclosure in our 10-Q and K filings to help you. But it'll take a couple of years, but it's going to converge down with our kind of lower capital spending over the years.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, Jessica, look we're definitely investing in content as we are owning more and more of the content. So clearly, it builds, and you can see that kind of as the overall company, but just look at the overall margin. Again, I always like to focus people on looking at margins more in a year-to-year basis, year-to-date basis as opposed to a quarter. But clearly, these are high-margin revenue dollars that will continue to expand.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, well, I'll take it. Yes. Look, I think from a Radio perspective, it's absolutely producing content. Sports and news, it's key to the overall CBS strategy. We have a large market focus, so I think it fits very nicely. Obviously, we like the margins. Obviously, these brands are going online, and it's living outside of just the local region. So we're very bullish on Radio and as well as Outdoor. So Outdoor, we know there's lots of interest in Outdoor. We understand what some of our peers are doing. We're definitely considering all options for it. But again, there is a lot of focus on it because I think everybody sees the value that we see.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Anthony, when they hit is usually again -- as soon as we sign the deals, they're usually effective immediately. So there's obviously -- we can't talk about anything specific, but obviously, we see the value of the long-term deals, and there are escalators in them. And as far as the past seasons of current shows, for instance, a CSI or something like that that’s been sold through, yes, the revenue recognition does get lumpy. But usually, again, it's over periods of time, and then they have to kind of re-up to extend those. So again, it kind of continues. So we look at it more as an annuity, but it does get a little lumpy in the way the accounting rules work.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Mike, as far as streaming, obviously we have deals with Netflix, Amazon, Hulu Plus and a lot of others that are talking about the marketplace. I think what we rest assured is that consumers want to consume content this way. So I think it's going to find its home. Obviously, we look at Netflix's financials as well when we do deals with them. But they're very successful, and they have a huge installed base. So there's lots of value there. But again, I think it's really being driven by consumer demand.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Laura, on political, just to give you some context, in 2008, the last presidential, we generated $140 million total over the full year. We're going to significantly beat that. So -- and again, more of that than normal is coming in, in the fourth quarter. So we're still tabulating those dollars as we speak here today.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Tuna, it's hard to say exactly what the ad dollar shift would have been in dollars in the third quarter.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, we like the deal shorter because, again, we like to kind of go back at them again. We're open to doing longer-term deals. But you've got -- the terms have to be right, and I think that's important. But on average, the kind of plus or minus 5 years, I think, is a safe bet. But like I said, we're willing to bet on our content and bet on ourselves.
