Les Moonves: The Dish deal, we don't go into detail about it, but as we've said every deal that we've made is higher than the next deal. We are very happy without the deal ended up, we are sorry we had to go dark for half hour, during that negotiations, but we were very pleased and the out-of-home rights, there is a path to negotiate for them. There is an opening to do it, it's not completed yet and as you all know and every one of these MVPD deals that we do, the out-of-home rights is sort of separate negotiation and as Charlie goes ahead with some of his OTT offerings, there is a path for us to discuss something they have not been done, so far. Regarding the spectrum obviously it's something that we are looking at and we are interested in it.
Les Moonves: Yes, thanks Jessica. Look obviously there is been a ton of noise out there on CNBC and various magazines and newspapers. Our company right now is so strong, some of those who suggest the combination, say I'll give you more clout as the distributors potentially come together. We think we have quite a bit of clout, you know in every negotiation that we've done, be it, Time Warner Cable or Dish or whatever, when you walk in the door with the NFL, with the number one comedy in Big Bang, the number one drama, NCIS, the NCAA Basketball Tournament, we feel pretty good about ourselves as a company. There is a lot of noise and people say, oh! This and that some of it, with mistaken facts frankly. Look, at the end of the day, our board of directors is only going to do, what's good for the shareholder. In other words, we're - we feel good about ourselves. We think our stock price is going to go up considerably over the next few years obviously and the next few months and we're going to take all that into consideration and as we go forward, but as I said we're feeling pretty strong about ourselves and don't need any partners.
Les Moonves: Yes, we're obviously looking it at Showtime and the potential for that and there are various permutations that we are working at and we'll probably share as many details with you as HBO did, which is not many at all.
Les Moonves: Yes, David regarding CSI. We haven't yet announced it, there is a deal in place. It will be announced in not too distant future. You're right, it is north of 300 episodes. So the good news is, as we look towards the future that will be accounted. In addition, we have not yet sold NCIS into streaming, that's also hundreds and hundreds of lucrative episodes. So the future for these two franchises which have not yet been introduced into the streaming world, is going to be pretty tremendous throughout the rest of 2015 and beyond. So we are very excited about it and stay tuned for information in the not too distant future.
Les Moonves: Yes, I'll answer the NFL question and let Joe answer the other question. Obviously, NFL is not part of the All Access package. We are talking about, what potential content we can use and obviously with the NFL, we have a relationship with Thursdays and Sundays, so it will be an ongoing situation. Right now, our situation with All Access is obviously it all goes to us. As we negotiate with our affiliates. A piece of that will go to them, which will obviously expand the use of it and I imagine discussion would be, if there was any other platform that became part of it, there would be a potential share on that, but at the moment, that is not part of the game.
Les Moonves: Yes, it is not that neat and clean. Obviously, in terms of the CBS Television Network, we do have very successful shows from outside studios and we will continue to do that, Big Bang Theory is a Warner Brothers show and it's making us a lot of money and making Warner Brothers a lot of money and that will always be the case, where there is room for top talent at other studios. By the same token, our production load as we mentioned. With CBS, the CW Showtime first-run syndication we're producing north of 30 shows that we own. At this point in time, we have development all over the place with other broadcast networks, with other cable networks and with MVPD's. So our attitude basically is, we're going to be in business with everybody. Ownership becomes more and more important back-end is becoming as important as the front end. So when we look down the road as we mentioned, owning these five shows is going to pay for many, many years to come.
Les Moonves: You know, what number one let me state that, we are in the digital business in a very, very big way as well. So the increase to the digital advertising also affect us and once again, the network group and the digital group are working very closely together, so these increases that Facebook is talking about in terms of video digital, we are getting the benefit of that. You know and I think what they have said is, they are taking away from television, not necessarily from broadcast and there is the big distinction that needs to be made, broadcasting is the big tent. We are not competing directly with digital. I think some of what you're hearing is the noise, is about basic cable. The smaller basic cable or the more niche basic cable networks are competing for those digital ad dollars, but to get the impressions that we're able to get, you talk to the big advertisers. They can't live without us. If General Motors wants to launch a new product, they want 20 million people watching NCIS rather than going on YouTube, it's not to say they won't buy YouTube later on, but the reason we're seeing increases in our pricing right now and every year the upfront is up from where it was before and generally scatter is up before, is network television can't be replaced, you can't do without those huge numbers. Look NBC got $4.5 million for a 30-second spot in the Super Bowl, we're going to get north of $5 million, those aren't dollars going to digital. They realize they want to get to a 120 million people at once and that's why broadcast will always be solid.
Les Moonves: And the good news is, I said during the call, is our schedule is really very, very solid. There are very few holds, we are probably doing three or four or less pilots, this year. My guess is will be down to eight comedies and eight or nine dramas, right now and how many shows we launched, this year we only launched four new shows in the fall and as I said earlier, they're able to be launched in different places. Are there more, is there more competition out there, probably because everybody is doing original dramas and comedies, but that has never stopped us or we're not having trouble finding the kind of talent that we want and you know what, our batting average in terms of back-end syndication is so much higher than anybody else's. Cable, other broadcasters certainly the MVPD players, that coming to see to CBS is the story is yes, it's tougher to get on the air, but if you're on the air, your chances of success will be lot greater. So it's a very interesting year, but I think we're going to have more than enough to put it in our schedule.
Les Moonves: But unless Doug you should know that Two and Half Men after 12 years is going off the air. It's announced. So that's a pretty high ticket item, you may have heard about Charlie Sheen's salary and then Ashton Kutcher's salary, so by definition maybe the most expensive half hour in our schedule is coming off. You know and so as the result, I fully expect our cost for next season for 2015, 2016 to be less than they're for this season. Mentalist is going off the air as well, which is an older show, but so production cost wise, we're in very good shape.
Les Moonves: Yes, I mean we talked about ownership of the shows and how much more of the product we own, than even a few years ago. When the thought of an international channel, an international showtime channel would have been impossible because the shows were all owned by other companies, now it's a very different story, as Joe mentioned the timing of these rights are important, but this is potentially a very revolutionary deal, for Showtime as it looks to expand throughout the world.
Les Moonves: Laura, actually you know what All Access is basically split into three parts. One is the live feed, where in the market set it's in, which will expand, two is catch up on existing shows that are on the air and the third part, is a big part of our vast library. So right now, for $599 a month you can get all the Star Treks and all the Mission Impossibles and all the I love Lucy's and all the Cheers that you may want. So we are, that is once again it is some of it, it is syndicated out, but it's not exclusive, but you will find that on All Access. So we agree with you, it's a very good idea.
Les Moonves: Yes, the answer is yes. The good news is, the international marketplace and we referred to the growth in competition with MVPD's and SVOD providers and all the normal people. The numbers are going up, the numbers, when we first launch a show as soon as we announced it, it's on our schedule our international sales team launches it and sells it and it basically goes on concurrently with our fall schedule and those numbers rare going up. There is a certain range for CBS shows, there are certain shows we have as part of output deals in certain territories, but the CW shows are going up, the Showtime shows are going up. So the market place is stronger and stronger every year.
Les Moonves: I mean, the number is over 70% who watched the show live day and time. So as I talked about before, when you take a show like Madam Secretary which clearly is an upscale show, it's an intelligent show putting that show after 60 minutes and before The Good Wife makes great sense and frankly, even though this is the age of everybody saying people want their shows, when they want it, scheduling still matters, having the strength of schedule that we have really matters. The reason, Thursday night was helpful in other ways. When we did our research on Scorpion, we said it's the perfect companion for The Big Bang Theory. The Big Bang is about five nerds, who do comedy. Scorpions is about five nerds, who do action adventure and they are very, very compatible shows. So we put them both on Monday night and Scorpion succeeded a great deal because we got the Big Bang people to watch Scorpion. Obviously, NCIS: New Orleans the people who NCIS, the idea is to keep them there. So scheduling remains an important skill and the strength of schedule and launching new product remains very strong, that 70% number will go down, but still a major factor today.
Les Moonves: No, I'd rather not comment on the issue that NBC is having obviously both of our morning news shows and the evening news Scott Belli have gone up over the last few years and it's rising in a terrific way. I love the product, we're putting on, it's very strong, its 'very forceful and we're looking for the news division to continue to increase.
Les Moonves: Just get better games. We actually have terrible games. We have of our eight games like ridiculous blowouts. So we really believe if the schedule gets better and the games get a bit closer, we will do a lot better and the margins will get better and we fully expect that to happen next year and once again, having the Super Bowl, having the extra playoff game that Joe mentioned that we will have next year, it should be a lot of good NFL stuff for us.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Ben its Joe. I'll take that, look obviously we kept a close eye on the AWS 3 auction that they had and last week, I'm sure you and others saw the updated Greenhill report. So we have lot of stations in our group, if we just looked at the four independence these are the non-CBS or the CW's. We have one in New York, LA, Dallas and Boston. If I just looked at those median values, not the maximum value in that Greenhill report. I mean that totals $2 billion for those four market. So obviously this is a hidden asset within our portfolio. We are looking at it closely. I mean, the financial term I would get it to think about it as a free call option. So we are studying it and we'll as we learn more about the auction and the process, we'll evolve our strategy.
Joe Ianniello: David, Joe. I'll take the first one for the cable. What's driving that obviously is timing of theoretical releases quarter-over-quarter. So obviously we have benefitted from that and you're also seeing the benefit of owning more shows and so yes, I mean every deal we do internationally and domestically certainly again underscores the value of owning content, so we definitely benefitted from that, but I think again that's why we always say look at the margin on a full year basis and I steer you to the 46% margin as oppose to the 49% margin.
Joe Ianniello: Hi, Mike. It's Joe. On the network scatter, so yes scatter again, pricing up high single digits. I mean, we'll see where we end, the quarter. What I'll just tell you, did we expect it to grow? The answers is, yes, we do have one less Playoff game in Q1 of 2015 for the NFL under the new contract and it kind of rotates, we'll get it back in 2016, so it goes in and out. So that's the only kind of really big true comp on a national basis, that will affect the underlying advertising growth rate, but we do expect it to grow.
Joe Ianniello: Mike, its Joe. Let me just give you the detail to that one. The answer is, yes. Like in the Sony OTT deal or in a Dish OTT offering. The NFL is part of the CBS offering that we negotiate with those carriers and we do have those rights, this is slightly different and that's why, Les said those negotiations are ongoing.
Joe Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. Here's what we can about that, that's why we always say you know the timing of that you can fluctuate, but I think the true test, if you look at the pipeline and you just said there is more we're constantly reloading it, but I'm going to go through a quick list of shows that haven't gone through syndication yet, so whether it goes 16, 17, 15 you know Elementary, Madam Secretary, Scorpion, NCIS: New Orleans, Beauty and the Beast, Jane the Virgin, Rain, The Affair, Penny Dreadful, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex, House of Lies, Nurse Jackie. So you see kind of my point, is that we have bunch of stuff that we are producing that hasn't begun to go through the revenue cycle yet.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, again internationally again is I think why we gave that data point, we really found it really telling in that, we focused obviously most of our time in the US opportunity, but when we look abroad the number, that the completion that's there from existing players in new entrants with again, since we own this content, it really opens up whole new marketplace for us that we're really just beginning to tap. So I think, we certainly expect, our international guides know their budget, so they're certainly for significantly more revenue than they generated in 2014.
Joe Ianniello: No, I think Anthony, let me just stop you there. I think, yes that's true. I think obviously we had a step up in our new NFL contract as well as Thursday Night Football, so that's kind of a new base, when if you're comparing 2014 versus 2015 and obviously all the incremental retrans dollar's fall to the bottom line. So that's how we manage the cash flow and I would say again, later this year we have two more deals with pretty big MVPD's and we expect to be successful with that and that will build into 2016. And on the reverse comp side, is really again be bigger growth rate because again just from the timing of when those deals expire. So as we look through 2015, 2016 and even into 2017 that continues to ramp. So we're clearly not, at the full run rate. I mean, we gave you $2 billion in 20, we gave you a $1 billion by 17, so you can understand the track, we're on of growth.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, sure. I mean, that's all part of that process, Doug. When we go through that, we're obviously looking at, a show cost X right now and its eight years versus you know Y in its first year that we own it. So we go through all of that calculation as we do it, but obviously as Les, said the best show will always get on the air, but it's a definitely part of the process.
Joe Ianniello: You know for the brand, John. It's recognized over the term of the agreement, you're going, we're not going to disclose the actual term, but I'll tell you it's a long-term agreement. So for the brand value, for the trademark it's a recognized and then the other part. Think about it more as an output deal, as we produce more and more shows for them. They'll buy those shows at an agreed upon price. So again it really speaks to the value that we were able to achieve hits type of deal to the quality of the content on Showtime. So yes, I think we can replicate this, obviously timing of rights have to line up, Canada is no different than other countries.
Joe Ianniello: It starts 2015, you know it will start right in 2015 and again it will ramp as the shows go, they're launching their SVOD service I believe later in the year. So John, if I was thinking about this. I was thinking about this kind of building into end of 2015, 2016, 2017 and beyond, but because again of the output nature and the SVOD service that Bells is launching.
Joe Ianniello: Laura, its Joe. I would say, look it certainly not going to be fully realized. It has a lot - it's not going to be realize its full potential there, but if you just think about the consumption and you applied some sort of average CPM, you could see, you could get hundreds of millions of dollars and you could see why we are excited about it. Obviously, when any market place develops, you don't reach the full capacity kind of in year one, year two. So I do think there is a natural ramp here, but again the good news is that, the consumption is there, we can prove it, we have the data. So the monetisation will follow.
Joe Ianniello: Thank you, Marci and this concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining us. Have a great evening.
