Leslie Moonves: Let me do the second one first. It's a little ironic that Jeff would say that when the highest-rated show on Turner is the Big Bang Theory, which is off-net, and they are running the sprockets off it. So by the way, Time Warner also owns that show. So it's a little -- that is an odd statement. I know people are doing more original programming, but the big hits are still selling very well in off-net. And there's so many other places to do it now with SVODs. So we have little concern about that. And then when you judge by what we've done with some of our other deals with Blue Bloods and Elementary and Good Wife, we've been able to syndicate them across the board in multi-platform to the maximum usage.
Leslie Moonves: Showtime, the great news about Showtime is truly every single year, their subs have gone up, and obviously their fees have gone up every single year. Plus, as we mentioned, we have added the syndication element to it because more and more of the programming on Showtime is owned programming. Look, Showtime Go -- Showtime Anytime was a little behind HBO GO, but we've now sort of caught up. We're in most of the country. And the SHOWTIME ON DEMAND platform is growing. So we are also looking at opportunities for Showtime to expand on different platforms. It's been a great growth story, and we plan on continuing it as long as we continue to do the kind of programs that we're doing, and I think we have more coming up in the fall.
Leslie Moonves: For the first time, we sold the show to ABC. It's the first time we have done that. And I think it's about the content. Obviously, our studio looks to sell to CBS first and obviously a different kind of programming to the CW. But I think the world -- look, as soon as the new Fox team was announced, I got a call from Peter Rice saying, "We want to buy programs from you." So I think there's an openness to doing that, and our studio is selling to other cable channels. Plus, I think shortly, you're going to hear us being in business with some of the SVODs with original program. So there's still a great deal of growth. I think we have over 30 shows in production, and that's only going to grow.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Obviously, when the Fox announced, was they said, "Oh, they'd have to sell CNN." We would be a logical place since we don't have a cable news network. We thought about it. We talked about it. It's obviously something that's not going to happen. So it becomes irrelevant. The numbers they were throwing around were sort of silly, and we wouldn't have looked at it on that basis. And so it never became a very serious conversation because until Fox was going through with this deal, and it absolutely became available, would we have looked at it. But once again, as Joe mentioned, we're pretty happy with our assets right now, and I doubt we would look to do anything with something like that.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. You know what? It's hard to quantify how many of them, and we're not going to say how many of them. But once again, it is moving that way. I expect by next year's upfront, it to be 70% -- more than 75% of the deals will be C7s. So we are well on our way to that a year from now. And once again, it's the right way to be. Advertising agencies want it because it's a more accurate way of counting people who are watching our shows. And you saw the lift. I mean, the lift in certain shows is more than 50%. So it's pretty substantial. As I said, we as programmers, have to look at the world in an entirely different way. Nobody should even be looking at overnights anymore. The C7 number is really the number that matters, and it is a substantial amount of money that's gone into it. That's all I could say.
Leslie Moonves: Alexia, at the end of the day, it's all about content. And clearly, we're heading towards the universe where people are going to watch it when they want it, how they want it. As long as they're counted, as long as we keep being sort of dominant in being the premier supplier of network programming, we're always going to win, we're always going to be fine monetarily. So we're very excited about the future. We're very excited how technology is changing what we're doing. But it still depends on if -- people won't watch bad shows on good devices. It still depends on having a good show.
Leslie Moonves: All right, number one, David, I respectfully disagree. I don't think we sacrificed price, particularly. I was very happy with our CPM growth, which was fairly substantial. And in terms of volume, I think we went from selling 78% or 79% of our inventory to approximately 74%. So all it means is I have 5% more of my inventory to sell in scatter. Now that could be football at very high pricing or other programming. Once again, we are not worried because I think in 10 of the last 11 years, scatter pricing has been up and, in most cases, substantially from upfront pricing. So we view that only as a positive thing. And going into the fall, especially with Thursday Night Football and more original programming on the air because of that, we're going to have no trouble selling our scatter pricing when you compare the amount that we have and what we have to our competitors.
Leslie Moonves: And you made a very valid point. As those numbers are up 35% to 50%, a large chunk of them are in the younger demographic. A bigger chunk that watches it live. So it will be, by definition, more valuable viewers.
Leslie Moonves: I'll take the first one, and then Joe can take the second. In terms of reverse comp, initially when reverse comp came into play, everybody sort of said, "Well, it should be 50-50." And that was sort of the rule of thumb. It's changed quite a bit since then. Obviously, the retrans numbers have gotten higher that some of our affiliates have gotten. And obviously, our programming is stronger. So we don't use that as a basis. We actually are now calling it a program fee, which is a more appropriate term to acknowledge that. And that 50-50 no longer is even a base that we use. We decide what we think is fair. It generally is higher than the 50% number. And we negotiate on that basis. And once again, we're looking at the station groups. They're all doing very well. And they're doing well primarily because of network programming, both in prime time and in sports. So we feel it's a fair proposition for both sides.
Leslie Moonves: It's -- the pickup is across all the categories. And the pacing, as I said, nationally and locally is going up quite a bit. The second quarter was a softer quarter, which happens from time to time. It also involved a lot less live programming and events like that. So yes, the NFL is selling something like -- on Sunday, the package is up 30% to 40%, and the Thursday Night package is up substantially. In addition, because of Thursday Night, we're going to have more live programming and that goes on in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And that's going to help us quite a bit. So I wouldn't call it bifurcated. I'd just say, look, occasionally there's a soft quarter. The important thing for us is that picking up substantially in the third and the fourth would be better than the third.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I'm mean, we're already doing that. Yes, there's no question, the repeats aren't doing quite as well as they used to. So we are definitely trying to pack in our schedule with as many original programming. That's what's sort of launched our summer programming idea when the repeats are in the summer weren't doing very well and we were able to get such good pricing both internationally and SVOD. So that will go on throughout the year that you get a better ROI on original programming, especially when you have ownership, and you can cash in on the back end. So you're seeing that. One of the advantages of Sunday night football, Thursday Night Football once again, you're talking about 24 hours of original programming that can be pushed back into the rest of the year, which will lead us to have more original programming throughout the year and less repeats and more live programming. So it's definitely changed somewhat, but we've taken advantage of it.
Leslie Moonves: Obviously, everything Nielsen does is a positive for us. They have been a little behind in their ability to account for C3, C7, online, other areas. They are doing a full court press to improve that, and a lot of the advances that they're doing clearly are beneficial to us. So we're very pleased with that. In terms of the pacing, without football, it's very good. It's much higher than it had been, and we're pleased with it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And David, on your first part of -- as far as the target leverage ratio, what I would say is look, we're going to be -- we're going to get there in short order. But obviously, as we grow EBITDA, it would be creating additional capacity. Again, at these stock price levels, again, we said every dollar of excess free cash flow is going back to buy back our stock. So you should expect that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, I think what we said, $6 billion. Just to give you a time frame of the $6 billion, we think that's, again, Ben, somewhere between 12 and 24 months. And again, we're going to look at the EBITDA and the additional capacity we'd grow over time. So we'll look at and we'll continue to revisit the 2.5. I think the 2.5, we're comfortable with given our mix of assets now. And so I think, again, just saying, if you're looking at $6 billion over 12 to 24 months compared to an underlying -- what we were doing historically of $1.2 billion, I mean you get a sense of the massive increase that is.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, the international business continues to grow substantially. One of the things that has changed obviously is the great expansion internationally of both Netflix and Amazon. So it becomes a much more competitive marketplace in just about every one of the international territories. So you're seeing huge international numbers, bigger than I've ever seen before. When you announce a new fall show that's a drama, the numbers are truly extraordinary with rarely a number being below $2 million per episode for a brand-new drama and north of $3 million for some of the more established hits. So that's fairly substantial. In terms of the SVOD marketplace, once again, we are able to make deals consistently. As we said, we've expanded our Netflix library. We are extremely pleased that our current 2 summer shows have deals with Amazon and the next year show has a deal with Netflix. Plus each one of the shows that go into syndication, we devise new ways of selling it. So each one is done very differently than before, where you sell it to cable, you sell it to other -- to syndication channel, as well as doing SVOD. So the future is extremely bright in those areas. And every single piece of product we've been able to maximize, which is why we say when we announced NCIS: New Orleans with a huge international deal and already in place, so they know what it is, and sort of guaranteed deals domestically as well. That's why we confidently say we're going to be north of probably $5 million an episode before the show even goes on the air, not including advertising, which is partially why it's on the air because it's a huge profit maker from day 1. And the market -- so people who are worried about the marketplace, I think those are the cable networks who are trying to shave pricing.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. We have a few major ones coming up at the end of this year, Anthony, with LIN and Gray. But a majority come up, really, in '15 and '16. So we'll get a shot to reset to fair market value on the station affiliate side. And on the retrans side, obviously we have DISH up this year and we have another 2 major deals up next year for about 13% of our footprint. So I think, again, we're going to have a nice shot to really adjust some pretty old deals to fair market value.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Mike, it's Joe. As far as the growth in programming, look, first and foremost, the best ROI we can deliver to shareholders is create another hit. And so that by far is where the dollars go. You've seen an NCIS spinoff, a CSI spinoff. We're going to try to continue to create billion-dollar franchises. So we never starve investing in our business. You're seeing that with our costs. It's demonstrated with the NFL Thursday Night package. So rest assured, reinvestment in the business is ahead of our excess returns. I think the reinvestment is what drives the excess returns, quite frankly. And obviously, the summer programming, you can see many more original hours in which we own that content. So I think, again, it's really across the board. It's a core part of our strategy we've been very consistent with. As far as Aereo, look, the demand for our content, I think speaks for itself. I think we see that. And as consumers evolve and want it in different forms or shapes, we're going to make sure our content's there. And so -- but we own those intellectual property rights. And if we want to do that with a partner, they have to negotiate with us for those rights to do that. So we're very open to those types of conversations, but we need to be paid fair market value.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I don't think it needs to come from the MVPD side. If history tells us anything, they move actually kind of slow. So I think it may be coming from other technology companies or others that push that. But I think it's really driven by the consumer. And I think the consumer demand is saying that when we look at broadband only homes, et cetera, around this country. So again, very exciting for us for owning all of this content. And now that it's evolved, I think more and more of it should come back to the people who create it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Alexia, it's Joe. I'd just add that even if a certain amount of advertising is only paid for C3, we have now dynamic ad insertion that we can insert new advertisers to generate more money. So we're going to monetize the consumption one way or another.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, the way -- it's a timing thing, David. I think you've got to look at the $6 billion as a fresh $6 billion, $6 billion kind of from today over the next 12 to 24 months. And as necessary, along the way, if we need to reload, we'll reload again and again and look at the ratio. So I think, again, you've got to look at more in actual than what we did over the last 7 months. That's done. The amount we bought back the year before is done. And we're going to execute. So yes, it's a little bit fungible in the authorization. But I think we were clear in that the pace in the buyback is going to increase significantly again because we have the capacity.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Laura, it's Joe. I'll take that. It obviously helps it because obviously the younger viewers that are watching it on these other devices and in mediums is obviously going to be very attractive to advertisers. So I think once you count it -- you count that in, I think you're going to see the broadcast rating skew younger and larger. And the gap between broadcasting cable will be further demonstrated. So I think that's a -- it's going to be a nice point for advertisers to really get behind as that audience grows.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Look, we don't give margin guidance, Laura. I think we've demonstrated that we're able to manage our margin. I think, again, as I said, we are investing in our product. Obviously, the new Thursday Night NFL contract wasn't cheap. But again, we think it was the right thing to do. So look, we're going to continue to manage our margins and grow the top line and be focused on that. But again, I think overall, you've seen margins be accretive as these new incremental revenue streams become more and more meaningful.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And for DAI, we have deals with all of the major players now. And so you're going to see that kind of roll out and scale up with the new season.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alan, it's Joe. Yes, I would just say, look, it's not as large in terms of the number of titles. But I think -- again, I think it's critical to emphasize how Netflix -- we continue to extend our relationship with Netflix and broaden it, again, domestically and internationally. So again, I think they -- if they want some less product, we're happy to do that. But they still have to go through CBS because of the amount of volume we do have and our shows are working on their platform.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think the answer is yes. I mean, I think that's why in our prepared remarks, we didn't want to just kind of buy just if the sun comes up. So I think we're going to be smart about this and look for opportunity. But again, that being said, is we are going to be aggressive because we do have the capacity. So I don't think you should look for an even quarter each and every quarter to doing that. Obviously, in this third quarter, the first 45 days here -- the first whatever days that's gone, we were out of the market with the Outdoor exchange and earnings. So by definition, we're going -- it's going to be a little bit spread differently over the quarters. But if there's an opportunity, we're going to go in heavy.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I think our stations skew a little bit more national. I think local did perform a little bit better. I think one category, in particular on auto, probably shifted money to live events, maybe the World Cup or other things in Q2. I think the good news is we're seeing that come back in Q3 with all of the live events and originals we talked about. So it is our largest category, auto, for local. So we're excited that it's -- we see it accelerating.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, we don't see it have any impact of what we ask for or what we get. We hope it gives them more strength to go get higher retrans dollars on that end. But we have a view of what fair market value is for our content, and we get those same fees in markets where we own stations. So we're feeling really good about our position in those negotiations. And obviously, they're doing that to get some more financial strength and wherewithal. So that means it's -- they have the ability to pay. So that's got to be a good thing.
