Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Ben, this is Joe. Just by the deals we've done signed today, the revenue will grow next year year-over-year in terms of dollars.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I think longer term, that's probably the right way to think about it. I think, again, we're demonstrating we can control costs. Sports programming and primetime programming are clearly down. But clearly, again, we're not daunted by that magnitude, so there is a little bit of timing. But I think we've proven year-to-date we've been able to manage that line very well.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Right. So the upfront is going to be 3 quarters that we know what that pricing is and political for the local segment, so we've got very nice tailwinds helping 2012.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jess, it's Joe. Look, the visibility into the non-advertising cash flows are so strong. As you said, there's only $650 million left, and that clearly just will run out by Q2 of next year. So we just look at this and just saying is we're so confident in our cash flows, we're going to continue to return capital to shareholders and we like our stock at these levels a whole lot.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, let me answer -- it's Joe, Michael. Let me answer the question this way. I think you look at the Entertainment segment margin on a year-to-date basis, you see it's 20%, which is an 800 basis point improvement year-over-year. We clearly think that's sustainable.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Laura, on the margin, I think -- again, I think you're right. I mean, we said this was coming. It's clear why it's coming. Retrans, reverse compensation, these streaming deals, these are very high-margin deals. So I think, again, as we continue, we have a way to go on them. Advertising, also very high margins. So I think the combination of managing your costs and having these incremental revenue streams, we're not just saying the words, you're seeing the results in our numbers.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No -- let's talk about The CW deal that we just announced. For the CBS studio shows, we've not adjusted the amortization for that. We -- obviously, we will look at the ultimate accounting in the fourth quarter for that. Obviously, the bigger benefit, Doug, is when you make those shows available to the syndicator is when you recognize the revenue. But clearly, as we get more and more data points and as the value of these properties increase, that will get reflected in our amortization.
Joseph R. Ianniello: It actually doesn't swing the percentage, Marci. Either way, it's up the same, 2%, with or without retrans.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, I want to point out that the way we record our retrans, it's split. Other TV stations record 100% of it. As you know, we record 50% in the Entertainment segment and 50% in Local Broadcasting.
Leslie Moonves: And the significant thing is because with our results, by overspending, it doesn't necessarily mean you'll get ratings. And it's really good to be able to manage our costs and still do quality programming as well. And I think that, that improves our margins. When you look at our ratings and you see that our programming costs are down, I think that's a pretty amazing statistic.
Leslie Moonves: Well, I don't know the particulars about what's happening. But clearly, as I said in my opening remarks, we have the strongest place in terms of scatter. And when you look across the landscape, we are first in line when you look at the ratings across the board. And some of the other places are struggling a bit, and I would think they're in a far worse position than we are.
Leslie Moonves: Jess, the -- looking at the first quarter there, it is business as usual. Nobody -- very few people are canceling us because they know they'll have to pay more. So we're -- obviously, with the share buyback, we're very confident of how the year is going to go in advertising for the rest of the season.
Leslie Moonves: You know what, we're not going to go much beyond that. We are confident we're going to hit the $250 million, and it will probably be more than that.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, it's when we make the shows available. So as the next season, Michael, airs, so there's more to come later. So we made more episodes available in Q3 of 2010 than Q3 of 2011.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, judging from the fact, obviously, we all know how strong the upfront was. And frankly, the scatter is above that. So we anticipate that it will grow significantly from there.
Leslie Moonves: You know what, that's a very good question. We're currently over 21 million subs, and they're over 28. We are Avis, but I think, clearly, we are growing. Our programming mix, we think our original programming is stronger than it was even a couple of years ago. And there's a reason for that growth. I think subscribers want Showtime. More people want Showtime. Most households that have Showtime also have HBO. So the fact that we're growing, can we go beyond 28 million? One day, I hope so.
Leslie Moonves: You know, Michael, there were only a few station groups left that we will pay in compensation to. These last couple of deals will wipe that out entirely. By the middle of '12, we will not be paying out anybody and it all comes in. So this will be a cost savings, as well as a total reversal. As we said, instead of paying, we're getting paid. So that's a good way to be.
Leslie Moonves: Thanks, Laura. I'll do the Hulu question, and then Joe can talk about margins. Yes, obviously, CBS has been the lone holdout with Hulu and Hulu Plus. The CW is a different animal. It appeals to a much younger demographic. In addition, frankly, a lot more of the viewers of CW are watching online. So the majority of this deal deals with a -- it will go on Hulu Plus at first. And then 8 days later, it will go on Hulu. The significance of this deal is that we did get paid a chunk of money. There is no advertising split on this, which is something that we absolutely refuse to do. Were we considerably more liberal with making a deal with Hulu for CW? Absolutely. But as I said before, The CW went from being a money loser for CBS to a profitable venture for us overall. So these 2 deals made a lot of sense for us.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, look, we distributed Oprah, as you know. And during the last years, the amount of our distribution fee went down significantly, so I won't say it's terrific to lose Oprah. But a couple of positive things happened for the CBS Corporation. Number one, Judge Judy became the #1 show in syndication. Dr. Phil became the #1 talk show in syndication, 2 shows that we own. Number three, obviously, Oprah had been on the ABC television stations by and large. So as a result, that time period where we became much stronger helped our station group a great deal. So as I said, no knock on Oprah. Oprah was an institution, and we were very happy to distribute her. But because of these factors, I think we are going to be in very good shape as a result.
Leslie Moonves: We -- frankly, we don't believe in them. We're not going to go out and we've sort of -- we've even been against joining Apple TV, which was an advertiser split. And these deals are significant in that we are getting guaranteed cash payment. We like operating on that basis. And as you said, we've been able to do deals worth hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars on that basis. That is our position right now. Will we ever make a statement that that never could happen? I wouldn't right now because we don't know how the world evolves, but I like the way we played our hand and getting this guaranteed revenue stream is a good way to go.
Leslie Moonves: Yes, we do have those 4 libraries. We actually have a couple of others. We have Rysher is in there as well and a couple of other smaller independent companies that go way back. Desilu, we have all theirs going considerably back. I would venture to say, in terms of library -- and right now, the good news is we don't distinguish. I couldn't tell you, frankly, what was a Paramount show or a CBS show. We're probably in the third inning. If that -- well, between the second and third inning, and we got Albert Pujols coming to bat. So we're feeling very good about what the future is, and there's a lot more room to grow. Obviously, these initial deals did include a lot of the primo titles. But there's still plenty more, and these deals are short term. And there are other people going into the marketplace, that's why this content is forever.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. I mean, obviously, Hawaii Five-0 and NCIS: L.A. were the last 2 big deals that we announced for domestic syndication. We still have Blue Bloods. We still have The Good Wife. This year, we have a new show called Unforgettable, which is substantial. And we have a couple of mid-season shows that are coming on, one starring Rob Schneider and another drama from the De Niro company that is coming on mid-season that we own. So the pipeline will continue. Our only problem looking down the road is our schedule is so strong, I got to find places to find new shows that we own, but we will find them. In addition, there will be Showtime programming. That's produced internally by Showtime and by CBS. So we have a lot of different avenues to produce these new programs, and we even have a couple of shows on other cable networks. So the pipeline will continue.
Leslie Moonves: Highly doubtful, highly doubtful. We like the way they're performing. And if somebody came along and made us a phenomenal offer for some radio stations, we would always look at it. But we're pretty pleased with what we have right now.
