Jim Lanzone: I’ll start on the AVOD one. I mean, obviously it is a big opportunity, it is the most premium advertising online because it is not only the power of video, but it is very targeted, and so that's what drives the higher CPMs. Going back to that 2011 to 2014 time period, where we were conceiving and building All Access in – at the same time CBSN was being built, specifically as an AVOD opportunity because we knew we need to expand that inventory, at the same time, we had this amazing opportunity using our product infrastructure and journalists to create that product. So when last year you saw us come out of the gate hot, right with three more of these services with sports, entertainment and then the Roku version we have two more coming. And if you're just kind of asking me generally in the category, I definitely believe AVOD is here to stay, you have just even within All Access, as I said, two-thirds of the subscribers are choosing the limited commercial option. So even within All Access, it's a big opportunity. And then I think you will see us continue to try to press our advantage in launching into potentially more categories or more services.
Jim Lanzone: Yes, I mean you've heard read call out our competitors sleep in fortnight. I'll leave another comparison like that to him. But for us, we’ve looked at two main players in the marketplace, there are platforms and there are pure content players. On the platform side, one of the great things about being a content player that we can partner with anybody and where they sometimes tend to not do deals together because it's competitive. And look, obviously kind of behind your questions, there are more competitors coming into the marketplace, and to that, I'll just say two things, one is we definitely don't view it as a zero sum game, right? There is – there are a certain number of seats in this rocket ship that are taking off in our space. It's not an infinite amount, there aren't that many people who spend $8 billion plus per year on content and do it as well, as we do. And if we play this right, there's definitely a seat for us in that ship. The other thing I'd say is, we've already been at this since 2014, so we've already been competing against the Netflix to Hulu, Amazon, YouTube, HBO this entire time as we've been building our service and exceeding our expectations on sub growth. So we definitely have a position in that market that's unique and we definitely feel good about it regardless of who's coming into the space.
Jim Lanzone: Okay. Well, I’ll just say on the back end, again from a cost perspective it's very efficient and that wouldn't be a reason, it would be a front end reason with our user base. I’ll point out, we already offer these as upsells to each user base, so you can already get one service as part of the other. And just – so far today the user bases are differentiated somewhat, it's not that they couldn't come together in the future, they could, and we could add more content to that internal bundle of our own. But they are differentiated enough as our somewhat business models to date. So we are looking at it, it's something to consider for the future. But it’s definitely nothing that has held us back by any means on sub growth.
Jim Lanzone: Yes, I mean, again, obviously, I can't speak too much about the proprietary nature of our stack, but just to take you back, I mean, one of the great things, I was at an event last time with a bunch of my peers in the industry and they were kind of talking shock about this. And one of the differences with us is that going, again, all the way back to, in some cases, 15 years, our division invented a lot of SVOD normal streaming event video and things like March Madness on-demand, a lot of the big events over the years and services that we offer.  And so we over time built the stack to handle what we were doing. That included, in 2013, our first Super Bowl. We've now just streamed our third Super Bowl. So by the time we did All Access, it was very natural to do it on our own stack. And now when we are launching these AVOD services, we were all right from CBSN, that team and that stack to helps the CBS Sports HQ team and their’s. And look, so how we decide what to build internally, and we have a great team and a big team on that, but it was truly strategic and what's core to us, right. In some ways things like our CMF is core to us and video absolutely is.  And then there are other things obviously on CDM side cloud and other certain facets of our subscription service that we will use third parties where we don’t theme to be core and we just use best of breed third party. Also helps us on the cost side to keep certain parts of the variable. So we're always analyzing that. I'd say everybody in the industry is working off of an internal, external stack, comprised stack in some way. And we're no different. I think it's more that we've known what we've been building over time, we know that it works and we know we can rely on it.
Jim Lanzone: Well Joe would tell you, we actually from the very beginning never come in asking for a blank check. We absolutely made our own fuel and how we, as a company, funded these two services originally and the AVOD services. And while we definitely think there's a lot of room to grow, and we know that more content – not necessarily just regional, to your point, there are other categories, there's types of content. And we get pre-balanced usage across all of them. The building behind those as we go forward and building in the strength and we will spend more on that content, but we don't need to size out and just see what we can throw against the wall in the hopes of growing. We're getting that growth. We know exactly how we're getting it and we know how increase engagement.  The last thing I would just say is, again, you talk to David Nevins. Not everybody can make this much great content this consistently, with is such a high batting average. And so building these strengths up over time is a much smarter way to go.
Joe Ianniello: Yes. And Ben, it’s Joe. Look on your international question, look, it's a market-by-market, country-by-country analysis, the way we look at that. Obviously, we're balancing, licensing it. Our strategy here in the U.S. right was we still license it, but we didn't license it exclusively, we said exclusively except for our own services. So while our services are small, we're not really competing with them as we're building that. And so we're going to look at that. And so really what we're focused on as each countries, what is the offering, making sure it’s robust to really drive the subscription. So we'll continue to roll out, so that's why when we look at it and I use the metric the amount of people that are – that live outside the United States and the amount of mobile devices that they all have, as far as I'm concerned, they were all potential customers. And so we're going to need to reach them in new and improved ways with the advancements in technology. So I think that provides a lot of opportunity for us as we see how to maximize it. But it's country-by-country and franchise-by-franchise. I don't think we would – we’re kind of saying anything now or in the future that we’re not going to license content to third-parties because sometimes if they can pay you more money because they have a better infrastructure to monetize it, we will take that money and reinvest it back into our businesses.
Joe Ianniello: It’s Joe, let me start and Jim and Chris just chime in. I’ll start with your second one on scatter. Yes, I mean look you'd say it's – the pricing is chasing less eyeballs because ratings are down. I think our research confirms consumption is up. And again, they're watching different ways the example I use over 10% or 10 million viewers watched the Super Bowl outside their home. And so unless that's in the currency, we're leaving money on the table. So when you add all of these things in, it has to be in the currency. And so that's why it's so important for us to go from live to C3 to C7 to C8, C9, C10, our job is to deliver the advertiser to the consumer with our product. And if we do our job, we expect to be paid fairly. And so I think as you're seeing the shift in the consumption habits change, you're seeing the monetization trail. So when we go to market, we're selling mass reach with this targeted capabilities with our OTT offering. So we think, again, there's going to be a lot of emphasis on how to reach consumers, not just based on purely demographics. So I feel very good and it's all about the upfront, it is the next couple of weeks as you know, a lot of networks are going to be putting on some – nice shows and ours will be the best of the bunch. And then our ad sales team go to work in the month of June and we would expect to lead the market once again in terms of our pricing. As far as distribution, look Apple is just another player, it’s a similar model we have with our other partners that I ran through and mentioned. It's a multiyear deal, we have for CBS All Access and Showtime. And so the MVPDs understand that there are competitors in the market place, virtual MVPDs selling them direct. So that's been the marketplace for quite some time. Apple just entering it and so they're just maybe more consumers. But that's why seven quarters ago we started giving a stat that saying what our subs are, our subs are up, you add in, you're saying if there's cord-cutters, cord-shavers, cord-nevers, whatever you want to call them, put them together with virtual MVPDs and direct-to-consumer services. For seven quarters in a row we have grown subscribers, and so they have the choice, they have the flexibility to choose that. And so we feel really good and proud about that statistic, because there's not a lot of companies that could do this.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, Michael – you ask Chris, whatever, look. The consumer wants optionality, we're giving the consumer optionality. They can certainly today buy them together for a discount, and we offer that to them. But some who don't want to spend in the teens or dollars and only want to spend $5.99 we're going to give them that choice. Consumers want choice, convenience and control. Those are the three things we are satisfying with consumers. So we're serving that up to them and they will decide. And so, if we combine them, we think we've actually could have less subscribers. I think this actually provides – if by the way, totally different offerings right with CBS, you are getting live events, catch up viewing, library, originals. Showtime, you’re getting edgy, niche, high brow product with movies. And so very complimentary, but that's why we offer them as a choice if they want to do that. But we really like the offering.
Joe Ianniello: Yes, to think about it Michael, a front half, back half. Front half, I just listed all the shows we’re doing, obviously the subs com and stuff like that. So I would look at that as it improves over the year, but think about it as first half, back half. Yes.
Joe Ianniello: Sure. Mike, I'll take the first and then Chris will take the retrans. Look, the content offering, again, look, it's going to be very little incremental investment. The incremental investment is if we really want a couple local content. In some countries, as you know, there are some quotas you have to have in these services. And so, for example, in Australia because we have Network Ten, we have a lot of local content. But basically, you're going to have library. And then again, you're just – it's the dial back of what you just really highlighted. It's what do we sell – what do we license the content for if it wasn't exclusive to that distributor and it was just so – it was exclusive, except for our service. And so it would be that, would be to pull back on what it is offset by the growth of the subs. But we want to make sure the offering has all three of those, current content, library and local live. And if we can have that, we're seeing that is the right mix to really drive the – where the appetite is for demand. So we're really balancing those three, but it's not going to be a lot of incremental cost initially. Chris on the retrans.
Joe Ianniello: Dan it’s Joe. I’ll go first. Look, we're taking our time with international. We're being methodical. We went Canada first, learned some lessons, seeing a lot of customer data, what's working, what's not wrecking, went to Australia. So we don't really want to put a time line on it and then be caught up to say something is behind or not behind. We're going as quickly as possible but thorough. Again, focused on making sure that the offering to the consumer is robust, and that's really going to be what it is on content availabilities and things of that nature that’s there. So that's really the constraining factor, but we're committed to rolling this out in 200 countries around the world. And those are just going to be the regions where we're going to be pursuing next. But believe me the team knows how important this is. And again as I said, it's probably single-handedly the largest opportunity in front of us. 
Joe Ianniello: Doug I’ll take the second one and Jim will give you the first one. Look, we think the price is pretty low already. We think it's a hell of a value proposition for consumers. Again, for $6, you're getting live television, new sports entertainment, big events, right, catch-up viewing, full stack, library, original series. So I hear you. So if we weren't seeing the success and the growth rate – and again, this quarter was our fastest-growing quarter of subs, so we feel really good. Just again, just last quarter we chose you, we tripled our sub growth from $8 million in 2020 to $25 in 2222. And we’ve already passed the eight. And so we feel really good about it. So it's really happening, so could we go lower, could we go faster, I mean, we can debate that. But quite candidly, we think it's a value proposition, and consumers are voting. Jim.
Chris Spade: Yes, the zero is important. So it's a good question because the first quarter is a bit front loaded from the standpoint when you look at what we're spending and the timing of when we're spending it. When you look at cable networks for the first quarter with the licensing revenue variation for Dexter not being there in 2019 and then the greater programming investment in Q1, we are going to expect to see that the trends will normalize and be solid over the course of the year.
Chris Spade: On the retrans side, we didn't have any big retrans renewals in Q1, but we've had some coming up, as you know, later this year, so you'll see more of an increase in the back half of the year. And according to the subgrowth, we'll see more monetization from the subs that we added on later in the quarter, later this year. So there's no unusual trending going on there. 
Chris Spade: Yes, thanks for the question David. So on the share repurchases front, we continue to believe that highest and best use of our cash is back in the business at the moment, so we'll be opportunistic about it later in the year, which is consistent with what we said in Q4.
Chris Spade: Yes, thanks for the question Marci. So relative to local advertising, the second quarter growth, as I said, we're currently pacing into low single digits. I also want to just point out that our first quarter results we said we were going to be in the high single digits of growth and we came in about 10%. So we feel really good about where the underlying trends are pacing right now.
