Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, first of all, we love football, we like it better on Sundays than on Thursday. Economically, it’s considerably better for us to do that. Very frankly, Ben, Sunday affects the retrans and the reverse, Thursday doesn’t, since we only had single year availability. So, literally, it didn’t have anything to do with that negotiation. As I said, we love it, we know the economics, we carried Thursday night for four year, we have exclusively for two. The reason it didn’t affect the retrans, it was not exclusive on Thursday night. So, it didn’t help any stations our own or otherwise because you can get it on the NFL network or on Amazon. So, we know the economics really well of doing that. In addition, may I add, our Thursday night wins with our regular programming, we have Big Bang, Young Sheldon, which sort of kill it. So, we’re looking forward to taking that money and reinvesting it in regular programming and moving on from there. 
Leslie Moonves: Let me -- I’ll answer the second one. First of all, CBS is almost 24 years. So, it’s been going on a while. And the answer to your question is...
Leslie Moonves: Right. I know, I was a young man then. The amount of content, the sky is the limit. As more and more people come in to the marketplace, the Netflix, the Amazons, the Hulus, the Apples, we’re supplying to all of them. We have the capability, we have the producers, we have the executive team. The fact that we’ve doubled in just a few short years, we’re ready to go and we get -- that’s what excites us, doing more and more premium content.
Leslie Moonves: Regarding the creators, as I said I’ve been this doing this a long time. And previously, there was very little competition. And then it would expand to cable and people would start going to HBO. Look, Ryan Murphy is an extraordinary talent, one of the greatest creators out there. They offered him hundreds of millions of dollars. He had to take it. But then you look a Chuck Lorre. Chuck Lorre has three shows on CBS and he also has a couple of shows over on Netflix. So, we have a lot of talent. There is a lot of room. The landscape does change. But, we find new talent and we also continue to be in business with the best talent. So, Netflix is another competitor and as well as the supplier. So, it doesn’t concern me.
Leslie Moonves: Let me start and Joe jump in later. Obviously, let’s go back to Star Trek, which was as expensive of a production as we have ever done. We were just launching All Access. We got a huge amount of money from Netflix for the international rights, and it made it very viable for All Access and continue to do that. As we look out into the marketplace and as we expand CBS All Access internationally, there is the possibility you would sell it to Netflix or Amazon with carveouts or where CBS has their own over-the-top servers. When you look at Twilight Zone, once again, another huge, huge property with incredible creative auspices there. We haven’t yet decided on what to do, needless to say, Netflix is calling, Amazon is calling and we’re getting closer. We will look at it. My guess is we will make a huge international sale, because by the time Twilight Zone goes on the air, we won’t be in that many territories but we will leave room open to do it later on. So, on each case, we look at what the marketplace is, what’s available, and how we’re planning. But more and more of it will come to us and less and less we will go to them. But right now, economically, it’s very good to be selling to Netflix and Amazon.
Leslie Moonves: Number one, the OTT services, they are sort of neck and neck. And it’s really -- it’s pretty 50-50 right now, which we’re really pleased about. And they’ve gone their own ways and they offer different things and the fact that they are that both doing exceptionally well is a big boom for us. Look, we’re anticipating a very big political year. Obviously there is lot of seats that are up, there is a lot of issues on the table, there is lot of ranker in the market place, and we expect that there will be a lot of money spent. So, whether it beats 2016, we’re optimistic that it will.
Leslie Moonves: Laura, let me deal with the first. I do view it as complementary. Obviously, the things that are diving our OTT product right now are catch-up on our network shows, on the main network shows. And then, obviously, as we add more and more original content, that becomes a bigger driver. Obviously Star Trek had a great effect as will The Good Fight. When Twilight Zone comes on, it’s that. But, I think the good news, it also has a lot of the library. So, I do view them as working together as we go forward. More and more people are going to be watching the shows in different ways. And as we’ve always said, you can get your CBS on a traditional MVPD, you can get it on a skinny bundle or you can get it now on All Access and each one of them pays us more. So, we look at it all working together.
Leslie Moonves: We love our sports, we love our Grammy awards, we love being a full service network. You probably should talk to Fox. They’re going a different way.
Joe Ianniello: Look, as we said, we’re producing 65 shows when just a few years ago we were producing about half of that. We certainly expect -- our pipeline is growing for shows we have not licensed yet. So, the expectation certainly for us is a healthy marketplace is going bear fruit for us. And so, both domestic and international for us in 2017 had healthy years. Obviously, we sold Madam Secretary as well as NCIS: New Orleans. We have not sold Scorpion yet. So, we have some real beach front properties still yet to come. And our international team sells obviously some CW product as well as All Access product. So, those 65 shows have a lot of value in rest of world. And they need those -- that content for their business model. So, obviously, we made that a growth pillar of international content licensing. We’re executing ahead of plan on that. So, we said we were going to have a good year in content licensing and we delivered.
Joe Ianniello: And Jessica, on your -- the OTT question, obviously, we’re ahead of plan with the 5 million. So, we’re very pleased with that. It’s broken out almost evenly between the two services. And CBS All Access really just launched on Amazon in January. So, it’s not a big part of their base yet, it’s much more significant at Showtime. They are fantastic marketers and show they are able to drive sub growth which is terrific. We see lower churn with those sort of services because the consumers are used to that proposition. So, that’s really good. And we do get the data on all of our shows and stuff. So, we feel -- and the economics are obviously favorable. So, it’s really just a win-win for this new distribution model. But, it’s really being driven by the consumer.
Joe Ianniello: Mike, I’ll take the first part. Network Ten, look, we grew 11% in the quarter; without Network Ten, we would have still grown double digits. So, I think it’s -- all the advertising right now is coming from advertising for Network Ten. So, as we look forward into ‘18, what I would say, it’s dilutive to our margin because again obviously, we are investing in there and there is a ramp that’s coming in the profitability. So, stay tuned for that. So, again, it’s not a significant deal, obviously, on a $13.7 billion revenue base, we’re talking hundreds of millions of dollar in that magnitude. So that will give you some -- that will size it for you. 
Joe Ianniello: Look, we took a stab at quantifying this for you guys in 2016 in Investor Day with that consumption that’s occurring outside our monetization window. So, it started in a live rating and went to a C3 rating and now C7. And as Les just gave you an example from the Young Sheldon case, there is still significant consumption coming outside of that. And so, we’re reliant on a third-party measurement system. We hear Nielsen is making certainly investments in their technology to capture all of this. But, obviously, we’re anxious in making sure we’re able to do that. Because it’s a lost opportunity. So, the good news is the consumption is there and there is real upside I mean, you can do it by percentages, but it’s double digit percentages are now kind of watching it on their own time. And that’s an opportunity. And we have to make sure we’ve delivered that for advertisers and we have to measure that and get paid for that, but we are delivering that today. So, that’s why we made it a pillar and that’s why we reorganized the sales, our sales team and so we are laser focused on that.
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Bryan, we actually said that also in our day. We took the top 15 shows now and looked back 15 years, and the ratings are actually up. So, a lot is said with CPMs, you guys look at CPMs and you look at the ratings, we are delivering more than the overnight rating states. Advertisers know that, we know that, everybody knows that. And so, our internal data, we try to -- we published that and we said we didn’t want to look at one show. We said, let’s look at the top 15 shows and aggregate that audience and compare that. And it made sense, because there are so many different ways to watch it on different time schedules before it was in that one hour window, you either watched it or didn’t watch it. Now, it’s always available to you. So, it shouldn’t be that foreign of a concept to say consumption is actually up. You have to have the right content obviously and being to CBS network number one in 14 of last 15 years that certainly gives us a premium advantage.
Joe Ianniello: Yes. Doug, it’s Joe. Yes, it’s off 4.40 number, so just to be clear on that. And on CBSN, look, it’s contributing, I would put it in the tens of millions right now in terms of profitability, Doug. But we’re focused on really growing that and we want to take that internationally. We want to make the content offering more robust. We’re really building that getting the loyalty to the audience and then what we are seeing is it’s now available inside of All Access. We want the people to convert up to our paying service in All Access. That’s why we’re doing it with sports and entertainment news as well, based on the success we’ve seen with CBSN.
Joe Ianniello: And Laura on your scatter pricing, we’re seeing broad-based strength. So, we’re seeing dollars come back from -- if they are circulating in digital. I think there will always be some digital components but we’re also seeing it tech and telecom, in other areas where we’re seeing big budgets coming to television advertising. So, that’s positive. Maybe tax reform has something to do with that as well. But, we’re positioned nicely.
Joe Ianniello: Jim, it’s Joe. Look, we’re going through the process and just how we did that in the United States. So, that’s why we’re going kind of Canada first, close to us, English language, we know what rights they have and stuff like that. So, we’ve built the tech stack to really scale that infrastructure. So, we’re going to be cautious to make sure we learn lessons along the way. We look at where Netflix is and see their sub growth and so we have some envy there. And so that’s going to be -- we are going to set our sights there, and those who will be our expectations. Obviously, we’re spending money to do that. So we’re pre-revenue right now. But, we think it’s the best ROI because we’ve seen the success CBS All Access has, Showtime OTT as well as CBSN domestically. So, we know we’re on to something. So, we’re going to be deliberate in the approach. And as far as the conflict, each country, the rights are sold differently. So, obviously, we never violate any of those contracts. But, we’re going to be strategic in the roll out and how we do this. So, each country’s offering maybe a little differently. But, long-term, the goal is to have a global direct-to-consumer offering with original product in there, live content, library. It’s going to be a compelling offering for the consumer.
Joe Ianniello: Marci, we always look for efficiencies throughout the organization. So, I think we’ve demonstrated that we’re pretty cost disciplined. The $50 million is really split amongst the four segments we have, the largest being the entertainment segment. So, I would spread that and again disproportionally on the entertainment segment. As far as local, political in Q1 is very small. As you know, this is all back half, Q3, mostly actually Q4. Over 50% of the dollars are spent in the month of October. So, it’s not really driving that low single digit growth that we talked about. And obviously, the Olympics take some money out of the marketplace for two weeks in February, but we had a very strong January. And again, we expect to hit our guidance.
