Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Ben, it's a very good question. And obviously, the whole key to international expansion is having the available content that we are making over $1 billion, and that is growing, as Joe had mentioned during the call. Once again, when you see a Netflix getting 50 million international subs, you say gee, that marketplace is so huge, we think there's a way to have our cake and eat it too, perhaps by selling it with the exclusion of our own OTT service. In terms of predicting numbers, it's really hard to do right now. As you saw, we're very pleased with how our domestic site is doing this fall with Star Trek and NFL and new programming. We think it should really grow quite a bit. So I think we're anticipating a great deal of success. And obviously we have the content from Showtime, from CBS, from our library, from all sorts of places that we'll be able to put on it. And once again, as each year goes by, that content should expand.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Our mantra has always been you can't be a new bundle without CBS, and I think we're proving that to be the case. And so we're very pleased to have joined DIRECT. And as we said, we're in the vast majority of the skinnier bundles.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: All right. Alexia, I'll take the sports question and I'll let Joe do the tougher question. Look, as you know we already have a very proactive online sports group down in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and as I said, we have the infrastructure that allows CBSN to thrive, which obviously will be used there as well. We have deals with the NFL, the NCAA, FCC football, PGA Tour Golf, lots of different areas. In addition, it's in the very preliminary stages of formation. But CBS is a big player in the sports world. We are going to look to differentiate ourselves from the ESPN and the Fox Sports as well, and we think we have a good opportunity to succeed. The other key, like CBSN, we can keep costs relatively minimal because we already have a great infrastructure for sports like we did with news. So the chances of profitability early on are very good.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Mike, on the sports, yes, the competitive bidding is becoming more and more out there, and obviously there's digital players in the sports arena. The good news is we have the NCAA tournament till 2032, so I think we're fairly secure in the near- and far-term on that. In terms of the other rights, look, the NFL has always been extremely supportive of broadcast television. Yes, there's going to be a digital component, and you're right, this service could be – allow us to be a bigger player in that and perhaps get certain digital rights as these contracts come up more and more. But once again, we have proven that broadcast is better than cable, ascertained by our NCAA ratings versus some of the cable people who have the NCAA, and I think the NFL has always stated there's a reason that the Super Bowl is always on network television. It's just higher rated, nobody has the reach that we do. There's no question that digital players will become more important, but we think they will go along with broadcast, not alone.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Some of them are. Obviously, we sold Star Trek to Netflix and they will have the worldwide rights going forward. However, a lot of our newer deals, we'll do it. For newer shows, we will sell with the exclusion of a CBS-owned streaming service. So once again, as time progresses there will be more and more available content that we'll be able put on CBS All Access internationally, same with Showtime content, same with CW content. The good news is we have so many different pipelines at CBS that produce content, we think we're going to have a pretty nice suite of shows available and that will grow as each year goes by.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Yes. Our international content obviously sells for a lot of money, and it certainly covers our deficit financing. There is a way to do it where we'll be able to sell to international channels, as well as have them on All Access, or there'll be certain shows that will be direct for All Access. So there will be – it's something, obviously, we're aware of, and it's something we'll monitor. And as we've done with All Access like with Star Trek, we could've put Star Trek on Showtime, on the CBS Television Network, or Netflix, Amazon. They all wanted it for a lot of money. We determined that Star Trek would be far better for All Access and will earn us more money. So we're pretty smart about content monetization. We figure out each property and how to best monetize it, and that will continue in the international marketplace.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: No, look, going into this year's upfront, I would venture to say that 75% of the deals last year were C3. I think that has shifted a great deal to C7. By the way, it's a positive for advertisers, it's a positive for us as well that more of the people are counted. So I think going in, we had to get the top advertising agencies on board with the C7 metric, and they did. And by and large, every single one of them is there and it is the standard of the day. What is interesting, as we've talked about the total content ratings, when you get up to the C35, which is going to become even more important going forward, you see ratings going up in certain cases literally over 50%. We used The Big Bang Theory from day 2 to day 35. It was up over 50%. It went from something like 17 million viewers to 24 million viewers. So that is substantial, and that's going to mean a lot of money going forward.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, obviously, CNN was doing very well, Fox News was doing very well. To begin a brand-new Cable News Network would not be smart and it also wasn't the new modern form of distribution. So it seemed logical for us to go into streaming having the infrastructure we already did in terms of news. Seeing the success we had with news, we say, all right, there's an opportunity there and sports as well. Not that other people aren't there, but our sports networks are doing extremely well online. And once again, it's a great opportunity to be all things to all people and I think we can do it successfully.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Look, we've been competitive because of our ratings, our programming, et cetera, and every place that we can sell, we can't sell, one of the reasons we restructured our sales division was because we wanted to look at every possible way of selling to achieve maximum revenue. Programmatic is one of those ways. So we're there as well, and as we've done in every other form of advertising, we've competed very successfully. So we think that we're in very good shape with our new construction of our sales division.
Leslie Moonves - CBS Corp.: Obviously, we have five games. NBC has five games. We expect the NFL to continue and we expect to continue to be a part of it. We love the NFL and we want to continue as we do on Sundays.
Joseph R. Ianniello: All right. Ben, it's Joe. Look, I still think we're obviously in the early innings as an industry. I think this is a major step forward, this upfront. As we said on the call, C7 is now the standard. So obviously, the technological advances are giving us that opportunity again to change out advertisers if they don't want to be part of a longer advertising buy, to switch that out. So look, the opportunity is definitely there. The consumption is there, so that's the good news. And the demand I think is important that we make is there. And so clearly people are watching differently. Again, Nielsen put out the total content ratings for the season. 53%, that's a significant amount of people that are just watching it based on convenience, and that's fine. And if they consume it, our expectation is we should get paid for delivering that. And so we're now set up for that internally. We have contracts that set that up, but more to come later.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Jessica, at the M&A, look, we sit here and we feel strategically complete. We just laid out our growth plan last year. We've given you proof points along the way. We don't need any M&A to achieve the results. We're 100% focused on the operations. We look at everything that's in the marketplace. I think we've shown we're very disciplined in our approach, but our value creation is focused on the key pillars we laid out for you.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, we don't want to get into specifics on some of the deal specifics, Jessica. I'm not going to – clearly some of these deals have MGs in them. We're not going say no to that but we want them to be all successful. And so the rate for sub is the most important rate that we look at, and obviously, it's priced accordingly to All Access, as well as the traditional big bundles. So I think any new entrant sees a huge opportunity in the marketplace to deliver a service or a bundle of channels that the consumers want where it's based on demand, and we're a key component of that, and we expect that value to be reflected.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Alexia, on your OTT sub question, look, the virtual MVPDs are just getting launched. So if you go back to that Investor Day, we did lay out for you 4 million subs by 2020, and we had 8 million subs in total for Showtime and CBS All Access, kind of 4 million apiece. So that gives you some direction on what we think the size is. As we sit here today kind of a year later, we might've been too conservative in those numbers. So these services are just rolling out. They're rolling out kind of locally by market and stuff, so I think we like what we see. I think the user interface is attractive on some of these things, so I think it's going to appeal to a millennial. But it's a different buyer who probably buys CBS All Access. CBS All Access, for the price point is there's no value in the marketplace for it. You're getting tons of live programming, news, sports, plus a deep library and originals for under $10. These other bundles are obviously priced $30 to $40, and it's kind of a suite of services. So we want to be in both of those, and again, we have pretty high expectations on both.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Mike, for your 54 shows, yeah, that's produced across broadcast, cable, streaming services. So the economics vary, meaning the revenue we generate might vary across the board there, but so do the costs of the shows, as well. The way we look at it, Mike, it's always got to be margin-accretive. And so as it's margin-accretive, it adds to our margin and it builds our library and we monetize it around the world. So again, it's the best probably ROI we can allocate with the use of a dollar.
Joseph R. Ianniello: We start with pursuing it when the deals come up and that's why we mentioned on the call that all of our deals on retrans and reverse comp through 2020 come up for renewal. So that's when we have the opportunity to kind of reset the marketplace. But when you have the data, everybody likes to talk about data, so we have the data on this and it kind of supports our thesis so it gives us a lot of confidence when we go into those negotiations. So the only thing that really stops us is time.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I appreciate that comment there, Doug. Apparently, I've been lagging, so I'm going to take it up a notch. So those on the call, beware, but I will take that to heart. Look, we shoot for fair value and we believe that markets correct themselves when they're out of balance. And the data suggests that we have a good story to be told and we need to go out to prove to the marketplace that we've earned that money. And the more and more subscribers we get that pay us $6, the more and more confidence we have in the rates we ask for from our distributors.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, the margin is going to be accretive. Look, we obviously invested and had to get the services up and running, and we will have content cost. But as the sub base grows, John, we're looking to grow our overall margin. And so I think you can see that Showtime, as evidenced this quarter and year to date, grew its margin 2 percentage points for the year. For the year to date it's 45%, as we're expanding more content and more platforms. And so we're being prudent on how we do that and again like a step function theory. But it's all margin accretive, and that's the way we're modeling this. And I think again, we laid that out at our Investor Day for you guys.
Joseph R. Ianniello: No, I think look, at the last upfront, which was only a couple of months ago, we definitely saw digital money move to broadcasting. And in terms of cable, I assume the same thing is happening. Once again, the fact that we're doing much better in late night than we've ever done before, a lot of money is going into Colbert. That's a huge difference from where we were previously. And the same thing with the morning news, but it's not all demo related because a lot of what we sell is the little older 25 to 54, and that's doing very well. So we're in a very good position.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Okay, Vijay. It's Joe. Here's what I would tell you. First, I can confirm the reverse comp deals are – it's a flat fee. It's a license fee as opposed to tied to subscribers. And the second thing is I think when you look at it across the traditional retrans base plus the skinny bundles plus the direct OTT, we're not seeing any sub erosions here. And I think again, it's consumers find the content they want to consume, and that's really what we're seeing and that's what you can see in the numbers of growing 25% quarter after quarter is what we're posting. As far as the C3/C7, we don't have specifics. We said the C7 is now the standard. The way we describe it is the vast majority of the deals. And as Les said, we're starting to get some at C35 – 35-day deals, which again is also important. So I think more to come there. It's a proof point, and I think we have to show that it works. It works for an advertiser and there's true value and we will monetize it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Laura, we have Netflix envy, and we try to present our results in a way to give you the ability to value us on an equivalent metric. So we'll leave the valuation to you guys. We'll post the results and you tell us what it's worth.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Marci, it's Joe. Look, I think we have a great relationship with our affiliate body. Obviously, we just did a very comprehensive deal with them addressing virtual MVPDs, part of All Access. So we've demonstrated to work with them. We like the model. We want them to be successful. We want to obviously be paid for our success as well. So I think we have a lot of examples of the way we can do it where it's win-win. And so we're pretty proud of that relationship. As far as Entercom goes, look, we assumed Entercom's stock is low and we hope it goes up. I think David Field is the best operator in the industry. I think he's going to have a whole bunch of synergies and opportunities, really, to grow that asset base. And in the coming months, we obviously have to convince investors that that's the best game in town. So we don't have any expectation that the Entercom stock price is going to go lower, but the outs in the deal are there. There's obviously maxim and things of that nature that are in the deal, but we're fully committed to getting this deal done with Entercom.
