Joseph R. Ianniello: And David, for the leverage ratio, again, I think we told you for some time, again, we've been focused on changing the business model. And I think the agencies certainly have acknowledged that. So yes, there is no change really to the timing. I think again, we said completed sometime in '15. So if you kind of just look at '16, if you just look at that...
Joseph R. Ianniello: 5 to 7 quarters, I mean, you can kind of just roll that out. What I would just point to is that's a $6 billion program, which is 20% of our market cap within 2 years. So I'd say we're kind of putting our money where our mouth is.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I mean, just think about this as they're paying agreed-upon fees per show. They're paying for the trademark, the brand. So as we continue to produce shows, they're going to pay. So it's not kind of like a one-wonder in terms of it's only in 1 quarter. So this is a multiyear agreement that obviously, we're pretty excited about. By the way, the brand at Bell Media, this Crave TV, is called Crave TV in Canada. So we're pretty excited about it, but Ben, and really the bigger opportunity is we're saying it works in Canada. I think it can work in many other countries. It's just really what's working is the content and the brand. And so that's really given us great hope that this can be one of many.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I mean -- and let's think about it as an output. As we're reporting on shows, there's much more in the pipeline. So Les mentioned Billions. So Billions will be on this on-demand service, and we've kind of prenegotiated what those rates are. So it gives us great visibility into the revenue -- the future revenue prospects of Showtime.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Mike, it's Joe. Obviously, what really excited us is the $6 price point. The take rate on the $6 price point really gives us a lot of confidence. When we go talk to our distribution partners at selling it at a discount to that, we have proof in the marketplace that this is fair market value.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. We've not sold -- obviously, in-season content to any partner and nor out-of-home rights for CBS. So I think, as Les mentioned, as we look at consumption on All Access, what's driving it is national VOD. So the appetite seems to be -- traditionally, on cbs.com, we have a 7-day delay. So it seems like the consumer wants it quicker, and again, at a $6 price point, it makes it very attractive to us. So again, as we continue to roll this out, it's giving us more and more confidence in our content.
Joseph R. Ianniello: We suspect the demand for out-of-home rights delivered in multiple ways is growing, and it's really being driven by the consumer because of their crazy schedules and the way they consume it. So clearly, that will be part of future negotiations, and we're happy to talk about what the value of those rights are. But clearly, we're demonstrating it with the $6 price point.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Look, Alexia, this is Joe. Look, we can expand that if the content -- all the elements are there. And so to produce great content, you need great script. You need writers, producers and stuff. So we can grow that organically. We don't necessarily need acquisitions to grow our studio, expand our studio. If the right opportunity is there, we're always looking at those things. However, I think just by the last year, we have demonstrated -- as we just said, this last quarter, our same studio, without an acquisition, is producing 30 more hours of original content. So we don't need to stop there.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, look, the advertising is still 50% of our business. So it's definitely still important; it's part of our conversation. I think when you see us do deals with partners, we disable fast-forward in our deals, so it's clearly an important part of our mix. But again, obviously, we're looking at the overall business model and how it's transforming. And again, we want to price our content right.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, sure. Look, it's definitely consumer. So as the consumer wants to consume the content on a mobile device, that's what's really driving that. What we're going to do is we're going to make sure we cut deals that make sense for us to have the content where the consumer wants it. So as Les said at the outset, it's our job is to produce the best content and again -- and market it and get it in front of the consumers in a business model that's better than where we sit today. And I think every indication, from a technological standpoint or a consumer habit standpoint, basically proves that out.
Joseph R. Ianniello: And Brian, on the leverage ratio, obviously, we are increasing our financial flexibility there that's why we felt comfortable increasing it. Basically, we're going to use that financial flexibility, first and foremost, to reinvest in our business. I think that's key. We do not see any acquisition out there of any significance for that. And then the excess capital is always -- we're going to focus on returning value to shareholders. And our primary method right now is obviously returning value via stock buyback given where the stock is and all these initiatives that you just heard on the call. So we're pretty optimistic about our future earnings potential. So we think it's a good buy. So like I said earlier, we're kind of putting our money where our mouth is, and we're going to continue to do that.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Marci, it's Joe. As far as the OTT, obviously, as we roll those out, we can do that in different ways. I think the affiliates could go and try to negotiate those one-off and pay us for the content for those rights, or we do it globally, and they get a piece of that. I think again, it's 6 to 1, half dozen or the other, whichever way, CBS is going to get its fair share of the value of that. So -- and like I said, on the over-the-top service that we have today, most of the viewership is the video-on-demand product the next day so -- which again, we own 100% of. So I think that's going to continue to roll out across the country, and we're pretty excited about that. As Les said, we're clearing the live linear piece by the end of the year in most of the country. So that's speaks for itself, and again, the affiliates are participating in this. This is a partnership that they will participate, but we do own the intellectual property of that content. As far as radio, look, obviously, it's much smaller than the 7. I think again, I don't know how you quantify the impact on the weather and stuff when you strip that out to get to a pure underlying, but I think again, we tried to give you some color about the second quarter. We think that's more indicative of the current marketplace, of what it is, and we have high expectations for our new President.
Leslie Moonves: We -- look, we have shows in development out there, whether they get on, we -- I think there'll be a couple of shows on other cable networks that we don't own. I doubt there'll be other networks, but between Showtime, CBS and CW, we're producing more than 40 shows right now, including Perks [ph] Simplification. So we have quite a lot going on, and I think we will be selling to other places.
Leslie Moonves: I think it's a few things. Look, put it this way: We're even more confident than before of the $2 billion. We think we're going to get beyond that. Yes, there are new entrants, as everybody knows. In addition, the price of poker has gone up. With every succeeding deal, we have said we're going to get more money, and there is now other rights that are available and other products that's available. So yes, that $2 billion, we consider to be a conservative number at this point in time.
Leslie Moonves: No. We are very pleased it's exceeding expectations, as we mentioned. We have over half the country involved now, and that's just with the live feed. And we expect by the beginning of the fall season, by September, to virtually have the entire country covered with that. And once again, it's sort of the first opportunity for the affiliate body to share in our $6 rate, and they are very pleased about it by and large, and we are happy to have them promoting it and marketing it alongside us.
Leslie Moonves: In terms of the first question, we have done extensive studies through Poltrack that shows that the consumers are much more engaged and the return on investment for the advertisers is much more effective at CBS. May I also add, our ratings are -- when you look at viewers overall, they're considerably higher than Fox, and they're in different businesses than we are, and our numbers are considerably better. And our advertising, we think, is more effective from the engagement that we have in the kind of shows that we do. Yes, there is a lot written, to Bob Iger's point, about the shifting marketplace into the digital. Obviously, we have a number of digital assets, and we are seeing a rise in those. As I said, we do not see it affecting the broader-based television advertising platform. We think, once again, it's affecting the niche cable networks much more, that it's much more effective or it can be to go digital when you're trying to do that, than reach a broad audience. So those who have more basic cable assets may be that -- like Bob does, maybe they are seeing a shift there in digital. We are not seeing the shift out of network. We're seeing scatter pricing being up, and we're looking forward to the upfront where we expect volume and pricing both could be up fairly significantly.
Leslie Moonves: Plus 6 new hits, plus late night shows. Our studio is very proactive, and by that, you don't necessarily have to acquire companies. You acquire talent like Colbert and Corden, and you bring them into your home. You acquired talent like Nick Santora [ph] who created Scorpion. And that's what we do, and that's what we've done for many years, and that's how we expand our content business.
Leslie Moonves: The marketplace is evolving so rapidly. Look, we are slicing and dicing and then putting on different platforms, and some of those platforms may be looked on as potential competitors. And as CBS All Access grows, that may be the sole place where we stack those shows and where we put those shows. But at the moment, every show that we have, we treat it as entirely different property and sell it in a very different way and have a real strategy to most effectively sell that. As soon as All Access hits 20 million subs, then we may look at the world a little bit differently.
Leslie Moonves: Put it this way -- and there are clear -- there are certain networks that have done very well this year and certain networks that haven't done so well. I'm not going to go into great detail, but you could figure that out yourselves. So we are up, and we expect it to be a good marketplace.
Leslie Moonves: Well, thank you, David. Look, the DVR numbers are going up in leaps and bounds. You take a show like Elementary which -- where you're adding a C7 number, it basically goes up by 50%. So I made this statement which I think is more true than ever: Overnight ratings are virtually useless unless you just want to feel good in the morning or feel bad, depending on what network you have. So C7, definitely, we expect it to overwhelm C3 in the coming upfront, we hope so, we think it's more appropriate. And judging from the feedback we're getting from a lot more advertising agencies, we think that will be the currency. Obviously, some of the live programming like sports and live events, that currency becomes much more important. So we are capable of selling it both ways, but our scripted programming, most specifically our scripted dramas and more than anything else -- and the comedies as well, that extra 7 days means a great deal.
Leslie Moonves: You know what, it's a very good question, Jason. I guess, eventually, that will be part of what we do. Remember, when Netflix started, I don't think they had this great international game plan. When they achieved such great subscriber success here in the U.S. with the product, and obviously, the model was working, everybody was supportive of it -- but right now, All Access is about 6 months old, Showtime OTT is going to be launched in a few months. We hope they achieve such a high level of success that we do push them internationally. Look, we are in control of this content. That's the big change in the world. So we control over 80% of the shows that are on CBS at a similar percentage on Showtime. So now we can move from market to market, like we did in Canada with Showtime, territory to territory, and we can have a bigger global footprint with exactly what you're talking about.
Leslie Moonves: Bryan, the scatter market is very strong. It's up double digits right now. As I said earlier, we're really pleased -- normally, at this time of the year, we have lot more repeats than we do, but we've got a much larger percentage of original programming, and our schedule remains very strong. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing, and that demand has increased since the beginning of the year. Now -- and as I said, we're heading into the upfront at a very good time where we're feeling very strong about the marketplace.
Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Marci, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. This concludes today's call. Have a good evening.
