Leslie Moonves: Thank you, Sumner. I'm blushing. You can't see me, but thank you very much for those very nice remarks.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. And the Chellomedia deal is -- it's actually fairly simple. We already have the model worked out that we've done with them in the U.K. where we have 4 channels with them where our content acted as our equity. And once again, it's content that wouldn't necessarily have been sold anywhere else. And it's worked out extremely well. So because of that deal, we've expanded into 83 new channels. Once again, we haven't put up a dime, we're putting up library content and some existing content that wouldn't be sold into territories such as Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. And we own 30% of these 83 channels that they previously owned. So there's only upside for us in this. And as I said, if they work out as well as the other 4 did, it'll turn out to be a very good venture.
Leslie Moonves: Yes. Well, number one, it does not affect any negotiations we have. It is hardly even brought up. And I don't -- we're very confident that our legal position's going to prevail. It hasn't affected us in terms of one sub, one deal, one anything. The minor loss we had served in the court was really -- it's not even the first out of the first inning, basically. We're sure we're going to prevail. Throughout history, our content has always gotten paid for, so the people who have cried, "Oh, my god, this could hurt retransmission," are really exaggerating greatly. We -- it's not something I leave -- lose sleep over for even 5 minutes. We think it'll go away. We think we'll prevail in the courts. We will always get paid for our content.
Leslie Moonves: In -- Doug, in terms of the new deals, it's the combination thereof. Obviously, there are certain international markets that are opening up for streaming in addition to expansion of existing deals, and some potential new players as well. So it's coming from all sorts of places. And there's a lot of activity, put it that way. In terms of scatter market, once again, in August, we don't worry about the scatter market especially in a Olympic year and especially an Olympics that's doing this well. And we've just sold such a great percentage of our inventory 6 weeks ago pretty upfront. We're ready for the gun to go off in the middle of September. The -- in terms of any softness, I think it's all attributable to the Olympics and it's something that is totally fine, totally business as usual. We're really pleased with the increase in the pacing of local. And in terms of the scatter for national, it is a non-issue.
Leslie Moonves: Look, Anthony, you've -- we've had this discussion many times before. You're right, it depends what the terms are, it depends what we get paid for. It depends on what effect Apple TV would have on either our advertising, our syndication or our retrans, which are our 3 main buckets of revenue for our content. So if it sits in well, like Netflix did and Amazon did, we're happy to discuss it. If it doesn't and we're -- they're using our content to build a business, we're not quite as favorable to that. So the devil is in the details. I know it sounds like a pat answer, but it's really true.
Leslie Moonves: We really love the Radio business. We really do. Look, it provides plenty of free cash, which helps us increase our dividend and buy back shares. And it's -- we like the changes in the format. It's a creative business. And once again, we're very pleased with the results. We're changing our format, as I mentioned, to more news and sports. And it's performing very nicely, and we think, with some of the new digital offerings, it'll continue to grow. So I would not absolutely say that it's not a -- a non-core asset.
Leslie Moonves: We've always said we're a big-market television company, and we have a few stations outside of the top 15. So if the right offer came along, once again, we would absolutely look at it.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Jessica, it's Joe. International is about 15% of total revenue right now. And obviously, again, that's all international, so that does include our Outdoor business. I think we've said on just exporting content we've crossed over the $1 billion mark in just in sheer -- just U.S. dollars.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, Jessica, it's Joe. Well, reverse comp, we just gave you a number, I think, for 2013. And I will tell you, we're in the very early innings, just because the deals don't expire. Most of the deals for us expire kind of in the 2014-2015 cycle. So what I will also add is some TV affiliates want to comp early, so we are seeing that happen. So that's a good fact -- pattern. And yes, obviously -- when we enter into the deal with DirecTV, it will be a benefit to us albeit a small portion of 2012 but a big full year for 2013. So we also laid out that, again, we expect this to grow pretty rapidly. So you can see the size of these revenue streams, they're starting to really get some size.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. I won't get too much specific, but it does ramp, Michael, because deals kick in and start in the middle of the year, in the third quarter. So we're going to be getting those pricing benefits as those deals start. So we do have to cycle through it. So, on an annualized basis, clearly, Q1 will be the lowest and Q4 will be the highest. So I think you're going to continue to see that momentum build.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. And, look -- like I said, but the run rate should, and as Les just alluded to, be higher than the $250 million.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. Sure. David, I'll start with the first one. The CBS Radio network, the sports radio -- the Radio Sports business is probably $150 million market. So we're going to be large coming right out of the gate so it's all incremental. It's not in dollars we play in today at the local segment, so we expect to gain our fair share of that. And you're right, there's very little incremental cost for us. We -- a lot of the talent and the content, we're already producing, so this made a whole lot of sense for us. And with the outlook with Cumulus, we do think it is a fantastic partnership with great content and great distribution. So we do expect some upside, again, starting in 2013.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes. In Good Wife, you're right in that. Good Wife is not sold, which is not unusual. I think the unusual was the NCIS: Los Angeles which was sold very early. So we will be in the marketplace with that product. Obviously, it's a quality show and there's great demand for that, so stay tuned.
Joseph R. Ianniello: The expenses, I would say, Michael, is sports, the timing of the NCAA. The shift that we've talked about in the revenue, obviously, that is a lower-margin profit for us, so that shifts into the first quarter. That's probably one of the bigger drivers.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I would say, once you normalize all the noise and you just look at the way we manage cost at the Entertainment segment, I think we've said and we're committed to low single digits. We're able to manage our cost structure there.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Yes, I would say it's probably actually second. And just to be clear is, we do have 4 shows. But 2 of them, we said, very likely for 2013. Blue Bloods and Hawaii Five-0 are set for the following year. We'll be -- we do have flexibility in the timing of some of those deals, but we're committed to 2 shows certainly going. I would say, David, though, the back half of the year. Generally, those happen in Q3 for domestic season -- as the new season starts. That's not to say it can't happen earlier, but generally speaking, I would think that -- I would point you to the back half.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Alexia, it's Joe. On the Outdoor, yes, what we usually try to do is extend the Olympic season, if you will. Meaning, push it beyond it and pull it some forward, so I think there will be...
Joseph R. Ianniello: So I think you'll see some of that carry into the fourth quarter. Then it will obviously trend down. But on the TV side, I mean, just a couple of categories. Our largest category is auto and auto is extremely strong. So although political comes and goes and stuff, but with the auto category strong, that's a real good fact pattern for our Local Broadcasting segment.
Joseph R. Ianniello: I think, again, in the timing, Anthony, for cash taxes is -- is you've got to remember we made a pension contribution last year on July 1, so we were able to lower cash taxes last year. So clearly, we didn't do that this year, so that's the change in the taxes. And on the programming side, some piece of it is timing but some piece of it is obviously also incremental investment in ownership of the -- of our premium content in the shows that Les talked about at the studio, and that will obviously pay off in the future.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, we had $1.9 billion. And I said that we picked -- took about $900 million, so I'd say I'd estimate that bill at about $1 billion. And the weighted average shares outstanding on a diluted basis for Q2 was 661 million.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Obviously, less than that because that's the weighted average over the time. So they're going to continue to trend down. I think you can just assume, as we buy it at -- you can put -- stick in the stock price, the shares will continue to come down as we spend the $3 billion remaining on our program.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Primarily. Obviously, South America and Canada, Marci. And obviously, the loss of the contract contributed negatively.
Joseph R. Ianniello: Well, we gave you total. We said high teens for the whole business, and we told you Europe in the teens. So therefore, I think, by math, the Americas have to be kind of mid single digits.
