Charles Meyers: Thanks Keith. In closing, we continue to see strong demand as customers embrace AI and advance their digital transformation agendas with infrastructure that is more distributed, more cloud connected and more ecosystem enabled than ever before. Despite a variety of cross currents in the business, we are translating healthy bookings growth, a favorable pricing environment, and increasing power densities into strong increases in cabinet yield. These dynamics, combined with the continued focus on driving operating leverage and expense discipline through the business, are allowing us to deliver compelling value on a per share basis. As we close out 2023 and look towards 2024, our forward-looking strategy and vision for our platform will enable us to amplify our unique strengths, leveraging them to expand our market opportunity, and drive sustainable growth in a rapidly evolving landscape. We remain optimistic about the road ahead and steadfast in our commitment to show up every day in service too, starting with the resolve to align, inspire, and empower our teams around our strategy and our mission, enabling them to deliver durable value and meaningful impact to our customers, our shareholders and the communities in which we operate. So, let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I would -- I think our bookings percentage is probably in the 40%-ish range from our channel. You do have to recognize, Frank, and we've been very transparent about this. Our channel is not really a sell-through channel as much. It's really more of a sell with sort of meeting the market. But what we're using is the extensive relationships that our channel partners have, particularly in the broad enterprise to identify and then bring our unique value to the table. And so that often results in essentially a joint selling proposition between ourselves and our partners. And over time, I would say that I think we need to be moving towards a bit more of a sell-through model that would provide even more economic leverage to the model. But we do see our channel wins as very on par in terms of quality of business and our ability to sell into them. Sometimes even more readily -- we can capture incremental wallet share even more readily because of the strength of our channel partners from a relationship perspective inside of those accounts. And so I'd say very much a positive force for us. And as we look at now sort of deepening our channel relationship with key technology partners, we talked about the NetApp offering with NetApp Storage on Metal. Those are great examples. We do have a similar sort of offering with Pure. And so those things are really relevant as customers are saying, hey, we're really deeply thinking about where to place our data, we have technology opinion about the storage providers we'd like to use, and we really would like to that at Equinix to get proximity and adjacency to the cloud. And so I think those -- that's a great example for the kind of deals that we're winning in the channel, and that continues to be an important part of the business.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes, I mean I think when you adjust for the PPI, I mean, because the EMEA numbers are obviously done on an as-reported basis are driven significantly by PPI. And so there is that we certainly are seeing, I think, good performance across our regions. APAC, I think, is over a multi-quarter period here, a little -- has more constraints to deal with. And so from a capacity perspective, and as we've talked about Singapore being sort of a prominent example there. But I would also say that in EMEA, I think a more prominent feature for us to continue to be looking at internally. And I realize that there's not as deep a transparency or granularity in the information ability, but the deal mix in EMEA continues to be extremely favorable. And the team has done a really great job going from, what I think, was a little more dependency on some of the large footprint business over time and now in a post xScale world, really shunting the really large stuff off xScale and I think weaning away from a dependency on large footprint demand even in the enterprise I think always has the sort of the prospect of greater churn probability over time. And so the deal mix in EMEA has really shaped nicely, I think, over the last couple of years, and I think really kudos to the team on the ground there to make that happen. Then on pricing, I would just say that I think pricing broadly speaking, is very favorable. Part of that is just simply driven by, I think, an understanding from customers that increases in underlying costs are driving a rising price environment across a whole range of things and so that's one factor. But then I think that perhaps the more important one for us is, I think, being able to deliver really compelling value for them and being able to articulate that effectively to them. And so in terms of the -- where it's coming from, yes, I do think there's continued pricing activity on all -- across our portfolio, interconnection, space and power, and on our digital services. And then I think that the -- and that includes both uplifts on list pricing, and as well as on renewals. And so I think you're really seeing that show up in terms of -- as I just -- I tell you, when you look at a dynamic that says okay, if you're churning cabinets at X and you're selling new cabinets at 1.6 or 1.65x, that's a very attractive dynamic. It's not driven entirely by price because power density is a meaningful part of that. And then actually, new cabs mature even further as interconnection goes into those over time. And so I think those are some of the dynamics on the pricing front. And I think it's has been a little hard for people to hold all that in their head and figure out exactly why that you have some of these dynamics in there. But I think you're seeing it show up in terms of the MRR per cab as well as the overall revenue growth rates and then particularly dropping it to the AFFO per share results.
Charles Meyers: You always get full value for your questions, Jon. So, new logos, I would say, the -- I think we're seeing a pretty varied set of -- across verticals in terms of -- we're not really seeing a heavy concentration. I think that more -- I would say that more, what I would consider, data-centric or data-intensive industries are where we're seeing that focus on digital transformation and on AI. And so we talked about some of those in terms of transportation, healthcare, et cetera, and we've identified a few wins there. But interestingly, things like manufacturing have been tremendously strong for us. Retail has been tremendously strong for us. Financial Services, very strong, very forward-leaning posture on AI, a very forward-leaning posture on cloud, but one that is moderated by sort of compliance, security, distributed infrastructure requirements, et cetera. And so they continue to be that sort of ideal customer for us that really is using a broad range of infrastructure options but wants to place their data and some of their private infrastructure in proximity to all that. And so we have seen, I think, very strong performance across verticals on new logos. It seems like every earnings report has a different highlight in terms of what we're talking about on new logos. And then on churn, I think we kind of gave the key highlights there. We are, again, well within our range, a little bit of churn that we are either being proactive about or that we're being sort of receptive to customers looking to optimize footprints because we believe there's meaningful upside there. And again, I think an environment that in transparency does have some level of optimization from customers who maybe were buying a little more than they needed at, I think, in the 2021, 2022 timeframe, but I think are really tightening that up to ensure that they're buying just what they need and then adapting to the multi -- the hybrid and multi-cloud architectures. And so churn is something that I think we have to continue to really keep a close eye on and right now, they're performing where we would have expected in terms of our churn as a percentage of MR.
Charles Meyers: So, I'll take the second one, David. It's pretty simple, really, in terms of -- it's really what I was talking about there in terms of the 4 to 5.7 is really a macro average, an overall aggregate average for the for the -- again, that's for the first three quarters. We basically said, look, this is the number of cabinets that were churned out over that period of time. And this is the total contracted power that was churned out over that time, divide those two and you get four. And then here's all the new cabinets we build -- booked during the year. And here's the new contracted power on those and to buy those and you get 5.7. And the reason I think it's important to characterize that as an average, I actually think it will be harder for us to deal with it was all exactly 4-kilowatt cabinets being churned and all exactly 5.7 kilowatt cabinets being added. The reality is that the workloads have quite a range. We still see meaningful demand well below that 5.7 and obvious -- that's obvious since that's an average. And then you see some meaningfully above that, right? And you might see we might see deals that are 10, 15, 20 or more kilowatts per cab. And as we said, we may even be looking at liquid cooling to support some of those very high density requirements. And so -- and I think that's important in that I think it's an opportunity for us as we have this dynamic of space being freed up to the extent that we can match that up with power and cool it appropriately using liquid cooling or other means or traditional air cooling means, then I think that's an opportunity to unlock more value from the platform. And so that's a dynamic that we're very focused on. But what I gave you in terms of the 4 to 5.7 is really an overall average.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Great question, Mike. It's unfortunately not a particularly simple matter. But I will give you an answer to your question, which is our power utilization is actually meaningfully lower than our cabinet utilization, right? And so that does represent, I think, some opportunity for us if we -- to the extent that we can match space and power and have the appropriate cooling requirements to unlock productive value creation capacity from the platform. Again, it's not super straightforward because you have to ensure that you can -- you have the -- draw can be very different facility to facility. And your ability to augment available power is very substantially either due to availability of power from the utility or from our own ability to do that in terms of the equipment available to power distribution in the facility, et cetera. And so I do think that there is opportunity there to be had. And I think it is something that is working to our advantage in terms of the kind of overall dynamics of the business now, but one where we always have to continue to ensure that we are delivering superior reliability to our customers, understand exactly what their requirements are, can cool that -- can cool it properly, deliver the reliability and resiliency they need and sort of manage all those factors simultaneously. So, I do think, though, that you are -- I think you're properly interpreting an opportunity there that says, okay, well, then if you're churning cabinets out at lower, selling them at higher and you have some sort of headroom from a power perspective and you're freeing up space or cabinet capacity, can you take action to sort of augment power over time in ways that would allow you to create value. I think the answer is yes, and we'll be hard at work figuring out how to do that best.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And one last comment I'd make, Mike, is that I do think this highlights what a very different business we have. Because when you're talking about a very large number of customers in a facility, that's extremely different. So, we wouldn't have that same view relative to an xScale facility, for example, right? I mean that you design it as a certain power capacity, you sell that to a customer, sometimes an entire building to a customer at that and sort of that is what it is. One or two customers sort of it doesn't matter. But when you're talking about very large numbers of customers with very widely ranging power requirements, it represents both a challenge and an opportunity and 1 that I think, over time, we've developed a set of processes and capabilities to manage quite effectively.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Yes. Great question, Eric. As we said in the script, you heard me say that it was an environment that we -- I thought was characterized by customer caution. And I think that's true. And so I -- as I -- and I've been out as I very much like to be out in the field with our teams, both in the data centers, in the sales offices, with customers, with partners, et cetera. And I think I would say that there is a sentiment that says, hey, customers are very forward leaning from the standpoint of recognizing they need to invest in digital and digital transformation and AI, although I think they're very early in those endeavors in many cases. But they also are facing the natural constraints that are created in a more challenging macro environment from a budgetary standpoint. So, oftentimes, they're trying -- one, they're trying to move dollars around to ensure that they can fund their digital transformation initiatives. And two, they're saying, hey, what can we do to get more out of our -- more bang for the buck out of our digital dollars we spend or the IT dollars that we spend broadly. And so I think you're seeing that in terms of -- one thing that you're seeing a lot of people saying, hey, we really have to look at our cloud spend and understand that and determine what the right mix of clouds is and whether or not there are certain workloads that we've attempted to lift and shift to cloud, that we may want to think differently about or you're seeing people saying, hey, are there things that eventually we need to get into a cloud-native sort of -- as cloud-native workloads and move them. And so it certainly is working in all those directions. But I would say I think people are -- customers are really working hard to optimize their digital infrastructure. And I think we can be a real resource to them. The network is another area, right? And we talked about Network Edge and customers being very responsive to that product offering. I think that is most commonly in the context of WAN re-architecture and trying to save money on networking and still deliver higher levels of performance. And so I would say I think there is some level of caution out there, but I think that it is one where people are really trying to make room to make the investments in digital and thinking about what is the right long-term architecture, hybrid, multi-cloud distributed and data-centric. And I think that positions us well to be a trusted partner to them on that journey.
Charles Meyers: Yes, it's a great question. I certainly don't think we would be opposed to that. I think if we believe there were assets that were available under reasonable terms from an M&A perspective and that we could do that, that would likely be a transaction that would be executed through some sort of xScale venture -- joint venture vehicle. And so I wouldn't -- we're not opposed to that. But I do think that probably our immediate focus is on development and we'll keep you updated on both of those fronts as appropriate.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I mean I think there's a couple of things there. One, I do think that the -- at the time that we made that judgment and we're communicating that judgment to the market, I would say that the supply demand characteristics and therefore, the return profile of xScale in the US market was less than stellar. I think that dynamic is changing. I think the supply/demand sort of landscape in the US, both because of sort of traditional AZ demand or hyperscale demand for the form -- in the form of hyperscale for AZs and those kind of things, combined with now a meaningful acceleration in demand for training, I think, changes the supply-demand profile. And then I would -- and so I do think there is a more attractive market in which to sell. The other thing that I think is something maybe that we appreciate even more powerfully now is and we talked about this when we did xScale to begin with. We said, look, we need to continue have really well developed and constructive relationships the major players in the digital ecosystem and obviously, the hyperscalers are at the top of that list. And so we continue to work hard to make sure that we can be a partner in meeting their capacity needs and not only on the retail basis, but at least as one of probably a number of providers that they're going to need to leverage in the xScale arena. And then the last thing that I think is maybe underappreciated is I think it's also important that we continue to maintain our scale and relevance in the supply chain. And so we -- I think we are very well-positioned there. And I think our procurement and supply chain teams have done an extraordinary job there. And I think part of the reason that they can do that job so well, one is the strength of our balance sheet; and two, is the scale of our operation. And so I think xScale is also a way for us to continue to maintain our position in that regard.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I mean I think that last part is probably premature. But I think the first, I don't think we see a dramatic shift in the overall return profile. I mean we have seen it already, I think, improved where it was, where I think it was single-digits there for a while. If you were lucky, it was high single-digits, where I think you're now seeing sort of full return yields and levered returns even above that. And for us, given that we get some advantages in the structure associated with fee streams, et cetera, I think -- and it's still an attractive equity return profile for us. And so I think that -- but I think those returns have gone up where you're seeing cash-on-cash yields that are meaningfully higher, meaningful up into the double-digits and much more attractive now. So, I do think that, that return profile has improved. It's going to continue to be a very competitive business, though. It's -- and one that will have a very return -- a different return profile than retail, which is, again, why we want to preserve our balance sheet firepower to the extent we can to continue to cultivate our retail business, while at the same time, recognizing the strategic importance of continuing to be active in the xScale market.
Keith Taylor: So, David, let me -- so I'll take the first question and then pass to Charles. Thank you for the questions. I think it's important for us to highlight and share with everybody how the business is performing. Very much like Charles has said, the company is performing well. And notwithstanding the comments around the billing cabinets because you can't -- you don't grow revenues like you grow revenues as we did over $40 million quarter-over-quarter when you don't -- you're not creating value, and it's coming through price and volume and all the things that we do. So, as you sort of pass forward to the fourth quarter, again, a nice step-up in both recurring and non-recurring revenue. I think at midpoint of guide, we're up $73 million over the prior quarter on a neutral basis -- on a currency-neutral basis. And so that's an impressive increase. And so let me give you a little bit of a size on the non-recurring piece. You've seen non-recurring being relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. Ebbs and flows generally with a large deal done in the xScale business. But this -- the xScale business, we see an order of magnitude of roughly $30 million. So, that gives you a sense of the size of the uplift in non-recurring. That leaves you with plenty of room on the recurring revenue. Again, $73 million in the midpoint of guide. So, what's going on in the cost side of the equation? Well, there's always some seasonality as we all know. But as we sort of said in our prepared remarks, there's two things that I want to bring to the top. Number one, no surprise, the company is working hard to be as judicious as we need to be with our spend, including our corporate real estate assets. And so we've embedded a fairly large charge inside the quarter relating to corporate real estate. And so the order of magnitude of think of that as a $20 million to $30 million range, just to size it for you. The second piece is, yes, the business, as you know, we've been able to deliver a good year, and we're setting ourselves up now for 2024. And that's where our focus is because we know we had strong bookings in the third quarter. We feel we're really well-positioned for booking activity in the fourth quarter. And that sort of sets the stage or sets the table for 2024. And so we did accelerate some costs into the year into the last quarter, both on an OpEx basis, and you can certainly see it on a recurring CapEx basis. And so we made that decision, one because we could deliver better than the market was anticipating and simultaneously make sure that we get some of the investments behind us so we could focus 2024 on things that were important for 2024. And so it's a combination of those two things that really have made a difference if you look at flow-throughs. But as you then enter into the new year, you've really set the stage for a good start to 2024. If we deliver against those that booking expectation, I think it just -- it sets the table really nicely for a 2024 start. So, let me leave that. I hope I answered your question there.
Keith Taylor: Yes. Sure. Michael, the -- well, just broadly speaking, clearly, we think of ourselves as very advantaged by the cash that we keep on our balance sheet, the liquidity position we have available to us and how we're setting up our debt structure, particularly in low rate environments. And I think that will continue to hold true as we look into 2024 and certainly into 2025. No surprise. I know this wasn't directly in your question, I'll come to the dividend in a moment. The cost of debt is going up. And so we're trying to be very judicious how we raise our capital, continue to find balance. But we know and we've set the stage, if you will, coming out of the Analyst Day for a five-year view on what we think we can accomplish as a business. And we know how much capital incrementally we need to raise all else being equal inside that business plan. And so you're seeing us execute against and strike where we can when it's opportunistically favorable to the business. And that's why you saw those rates Swiss franc put on the balance sheet right away. We've got the positive carry and so we move on and that's good liquid capital for us.  So, then as you look about how do we distribute some of the cash flow back to our investors. And no surprise, we are -- we've made a commitment to pay out 100% of the taxable income inside the qualified structure. And the way that, that happens is through a distribution of the dividend. And basically, you limit your taxable income and avoid excise taxes, if you pay out that dividend. Now, with the business, we've been saying this for the last few quarters, and I'm sure it's not lost on everybody. The operating performance of our business, and that's what the primary, that is not the -- that is the sole makeup of our dividend. We're returning capital through strong operational performance and that -- the taxable operational performance of the business, which, of course, mimics the book operational performance has been accelerating. And over the years, and certainly lately, we've been doing all we can to, if you will, to mitigate a point of time where we've under distributed. But we're at a point now where we can't hold back that momentum any longer. And as a result, we want to give our tax teams the flexibility to manage the tax provisions and tax positions this year instead of having to worry about what we file in September of next year for 2023. So, we accelerated the decision. But -- so that's sort of why we did it in Q4 and then just the sheer size of the investment or the distribution is to give you a sense of the momentum in the business and how much the taxable income is growing relative to the business. And so we needed to release that and create capacity for ourselves, not just for this quarter and closing out the 2023 year, but certainly for 2024 as well. As we look forward, we have pretty darn good visibility on what we think that taxable income is going to look like. And so we wanted to mitigate basically an under disputed issue in 2024, and we just -- we solved the problem by making this decision.
Keith Taylor: Mike, maybe I can just add on 1 other thing to what Charles has said. One of the main objectives coming from Ralph's organization is to drive efficiency into the IBXs. So, we're perpetually looking for ways to drive more efficiency and create the capacity -- incremental capacity that Charles refers to. We're also looking at new design and construction techniques to run them more efficiently. And that drives down our PUE and PUE is good for the customer. In some cases, we're held to certain PUE with our customers. And so it drives the efficiency into the business and create that capacity that hopefully we can resell. But these investments, particularly with some of the older data centers to the extent a new technology or certain components of our MCE become available, and we choose to make an investment. You're not expanding as necessarily the footprint but you're making an investment that frees up stranded capacity or energy, that works really well for the business and as I said, for the customer.
