Stephen Smith: Thanks Keith. Let me now cover our outlook for 2014 on Slide 15. For the third quarter of 2014, we expect revenues to be in the range of $614 to $618 million. Cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68% to 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to approximate $140 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $278 million and $282 million, which includes $8 million in costs related to the REIT conversion. Capital expenditures are expected to be $175 million to $185 million, which includes approximately $25 million of recurring capital expenditures. For the full year of 2014, we are raising revenue to range between $2.425 billion and $2.435 billion or a 13% year-over-year growth rate, which includes $6.5 million of positive foreign currency benefit compared to our Q2 guidance range. As a reminder, this guidance includes a $5 million decrease to both revenue and adjusted EBITDA, due to the change in accounting estimate. This is a non-cash change-only and result of a longer estimated life for customer installations. Total year cash gross margins are expected to range between 68% to 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to approximate $550 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.105 billion and $1.115 billion, which includes $3 million of positive foreign currency benefit, compared to our Q2 guidance range, and also includes $35 million in cost related to our REIT conversion efforts. We expect 2014 capital expenditures to range between $600 million and $650 million, which includes approximately $115 million of recurring capital expenditures. So in closing, I would tell you that discipline execution of our strategy continues to drive positive results and solid momentum in our business. Innovation, including customer-enablement solutions like Performance Hub and Equinix Cloud Exchange is further differentiating us from our competitors. Our strategic priorities are focused on preserving and enhancing our competitive strengths. And we have the operating scale and financial strength to capitalize on our unique position to become the home of the interconnected cloud. So let me stop here and open it up for questions. And Rachel, I'll turn it back over to you.
Stephen Smith: The only thing I think I'd add, Charles, and I don't know if you mentioned it was that, I think we pointed to in the script, Mike, is that we're live in 17 markets globally today. And we'll push that to probably over 20 markets by the end of the year. So we've got interest coming from several customers to expand it to Sao Paulo to Osaka, to Melbourne two of our new sites, as well as in Zurich, which wasn't considered in the original 16 or 17. So the demand is good. The pipeline is very large. And so we're working through all the challenges and requirements from our customers to make sure that we customize as much possible to get the implementation set up, but it's got a lot of momentum.
Stephen Smith: Great questions, Dave. So let me take the first one on ALOG. As you know, we paid $225 million for the remaining 47%, put that in perspective for the first 53% we paid roughly $60 million. So to give you a perspective of sort of the value that accreted into business over the three years, since we became involved in the deal. And from a valuation perspective think of it as, we basically bought it for roughly our current trading multiple today, albeit with a much higher growth trajectory. And so I see that as the very positive transaction, not only for ourselves, but certainly for our partners. And then release the financials, I think that you will see is you see of course the $225 million cash flow statement but we already fully consolidate this asset. And so what you're going to see on a go forward basis, is basically as a company you'll get a full benefit now, if you will, from the cash flow, but it's not going to have any meaningful changes to our financial statement.
Stephen Smith: On your M&A question, Simon, no real change in the historic representation about where we're looking in expanding the platform. It's predominantly in Asia and Europe. I would tell you in the U.S. market, domestic U.S., where we feel like we're in very good shape. As I alluded to in the script, I think in Latin America, I think as Karl Strohmeyer and his team continues to advance our strategy down there, there maybe more opportunity in the future in that part of the Americas business. But in Asia probably, it presents the biggest opportunity to go deeper into China, continue to stare at India. Korea continues to be an interesting market to watch. So no real change on the big markets that we're looking at in terms of M&A geographic orientation.
Stephen Smith: Thanks, Charles. And I think on the European question, I would tell you that our team in Europe tells and continues to signal that the economy remains challenged. But even within that environment, just in this quarter, as Keith alluded to, we had record bookings in EMEA, and we exceeded all our internal targets, very strong performance in the Netherlands and Germany. And as you know, a differentiator we have versus our competitors is we're inbounding a lot of bookings from our Americas and Asia business into that region. So there is an advantage, obviously that our team has from our global bookings. Interconnection is up to 8% of revenue now, so they're doing a very good job on that. I think we're separating ourselves from our competition with the Cloud Exchange that we've launched in those European markets. Pipeline looks very good, coverage ratios look good, cloud ecosystem is unfolding and our footprint in Europe. So MRR per cap this quarter was up $24. So there is a lot of positive signals in Europe this quarter versus the competition. So I would say there is any big change, it's still a very competitive market with the players that you're well aware of. But we're continuing to scale and build the core of our ecosystem strategy there.
Stephen Smith: I mean, we're going to see in both. And Charles probably has a point or two. I'll you give you a couple fact away that will give you a sense of it. With the numbers I gave you in the script, we added 3,600 cross connects this quarter and 153 ports. So 3,600 cross connects, roughly 1,400 in Americas, roughly 1,300 EMEA and just under 1,000 in Asia. So you can see we've got good geographic coverage on the cross connect growth. And then there is port growth everywhere, but we have actually -- in the vicinity of 3,700 direct access cloud cross connects that have been accumulated here since we've been focused on the cloud, it gives you a kind of an order of magnitude that how much cloud density cross connects we're starting to see. But my guess, Charles, we're going to see it coming out of both channels.
Charles Meyers: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Mike. It's Charles. Yes, I think that we certainly have seen incremental progress. Obviously, we're on steep part of the curve in terms of the advancement of our enterprise business, as well as, the overall dynamics of the cloud business in our industry overall and for us. And we continue to be very excited about how the cloud opportunity is playing out. What we've seen, as we talked about at the Analyst Day, that really hybrid cloud has emerged as, I think pretty unequivocally the IT architecture of choice. And what we're seeing is, virtually, every CIO we speak with, whether that'd be service provider or enterprise, are saying that they plan to segment their workloads and utilize really a blend of public cloud, private cloud, owned infrastructure, et cetera, to really meet for what is a pretty wide range of cost reliability, security, performance requirements, et cetera. And as they are moving away from sort of traditional homogenous infrastructures in their own data centers, they're really moving towards sort of a more modern cloud-based architecture and that is inherently multi-network, multi-cloud in nature. And the other thing that's happening is that they are increasingly finding the private access to cloud resources are going to be required in order to satisfy the performance and security requirements. So we talked a little bit about that in the script in terms of really to architecting around the public internet and finding that that doesn't meet their needs. It's certainly does for some workloads, but for many that's not the case. And so I think again, we are building off a heritage where similar to what we did in the evolution of internet pairing where there was no neutral, trusted, commercially set scalable mechanism available, that same dynamic result occurs now in the cloud environment. And we think Cloud Exchange really sort of meets that need. And so we are seeing great momentum. I think that it's still early days, as we said in the script, we've seen a number of big marquee sort of lighthouse wins over the last several quarters. We're beginning to build, both our professional services and our channel capabilities to be more responsive to certain large complex enterprise needs. And where we're seeing those winds, I wouldn't say an area of major contributor from a bookings perspective at this point. But we did see strength across the board in our other verticals and in our more mature ecosystems, which sort of combined into what we obviously feel like is a very strong and solid performance for the quarter.
Charles Meyers: And maybe another data point in order to be mentioned in the script 50 cloud service providers that are available via private access mechanisms, either Direct Connect or through the Cloud Exchange. And we've got pretty concentrated business effort underway to stimulate that ecosystem. And in the same way, we have made a pretty good living by differentiating ourselves on network density. We're seeing the same thing sort of repeat itself on the cloud side. And so we've got a big backlog of customers that we're trying to bring on to the Cloud Exchange and scale our interpretability efforts. And we already have enterprise customers that have joined the Exchange and already demonstrated the automated provisioning functionality of Cloud Exchange. So very exciting progress, and we're very pleased with it.
Charles Meyers: This is Charles. I'll take the Americas business, particularly North American business. In a nutshell I'd say, we're very pleased with the momentum in progress of the business in North America. I think that as you said, it is in fact the MRR per cabinet earning about -- the billing cabinet is in fact a noisy number. And we would continue to caution you in that way that that it tends to bounce around a little bit based on timing of the install and other factors of large deals. And so we will probably continue to see some of that volatility. But again, I think if we look at it over a longer period of time, we see a solid upward trend, and we believe we'll continue to see that. And I think again, it's based on momentum across a range of portions of the business. We are seeing lower average deal sizes, as we talked about in terms of multi-tiered architectures, et cetera. This quarter we did actually see a number of larger implementations associated with some cloud wins, which was partially fueling some of the bookings strength that we saw. But across the board, the verticals are performing well, funnel continues to grow, interconnection activity at record levels, and again I think that's driving strong yield numbers. We are, as we talked about, at a very, very attractive level of yield in the Americas. And I think we would hope to continue to sustain those levels. But again, I think overall we're seeing solid momentum and good performance in the Americas business.
Charles Meyers: Simon, we continue to look at the opportunities, and as I sort of talked about at the Analyst Day, we're going to look at them sort of just based on what presents itself over a period of time. And I'd tell you, it doesn't always make sense for us, because we do have the economic control over many of our assets for an extended period of time. And to the extent something does present itself, we will look at it. And so there's a few things that are on the table, but there is nothing that's sort of worthy of announcement at this point.
Charles Meyers: No. Again, I think the posture that we articulated at Analyst Day remains intact that that is a level that we felt we could be comfortable with, without taking any kind of undue assumptions about the magnitude and timing of certain trends that we are seeing begin to take shape play out. And are we optimistic about that? Do we see early sign of success? Are we getting light house wins? Yes. For example, reflected in behind that success we're investing, as Keith articulated in making accelerated investment in our channels, which is in the second half of the year here to prepare for what we see as continued success in '15. And we certainly hope and believe that that may have the opportunity to invigorate growth in the business. But I think that our posture remains the same as it was in Analyst Day. We're being appropriately prudent in terms of what we're committing out there, and like again, seeing very good times.
Charles Meyers: Mike, this is Charles. I'll take that. I think pricing is often times -- although, there are probably some segments that has certain characteristic relative to their appetite for quality, reliability and service delivery and end-user experience that maybe less price sensitive on overall basis. And really I think the way we look it more typically is around applications and workloads. In that, where customers really value sort of the network density, performance benefits, global reach and mission critical reliability, et cetera that Equinix delivers. That's where we see quite rational decision on their part and willingness to sort of pay for the value that they get. And so again, I think there are probably some segments of the market that have greater levels of price sensitivity certainly. But what they have typically done in that is looked to tier their architectures as a way to meet their needs at lower cost. And that's one of the dynamics that we've seen impact the business. I think we are well ahead of that trend now in terms of understanding what application types are really going to work and really extract value or leverage the value that Equinix delivers. And in terms of from a competitive perspective, wholesale, as I've said, again and again for the most part, wholesalers play in a different level, in a different portion of the market. The wholesale, the large footprint portions wholesale are really going after that third-tier of the architecture. And very often, we are working with customers to combine purchase decisions they made for wholesale footprint with more mission critical, performance-sensitive elements of the architecture that are housing side of Equinix. And one of the things our Solution Architecture's doing are helping them develop those multi-tiered architectures and helping them develop them in a way that they can really leverage the benefits of hybrid cloud. And relative to Open-IX, again I went into some depth in that last couple of earnings calls. And we're not seeing any meaningful impact in our business. We continue to feel very good about the value proposition we deliver to our customers on our exchange. And I think the port adds that we've had and the acceleration of those port additions this year, really I think are a reflection of the competitiveness of our offering in the market.
Charles Meyers: Maybe I'll take the first one, Steve, and you can pick up on Europe. From a churn perspective, again, we did come in slightly better than what we had guided to last quarter. And we did absorb the full LinkedIn into that number. So we saw a slight uptick, but not as much as we had anticipated. Some of that is probably timing. And as is often the case, some times the specific timing of churn isn't really precisely known and things can slip from one quarter into the next. And then probably some churn that we anticipate it could occur that we found a way commercially that we thought was attractable to maintain that business. But I think that generally, the 2.5% that we've guided to is an area that we feel comfortable in, as we've referred to it sort of a level of frictional churn that accommodate some of the realities in the market. Because as we said, there are continued and natural evolutions of people's infrastructure that they make towards more multi-tiered, sophisticated infrastructures, and that often does result in a level of turning in migration out of Equinix in some cases. Since 2.5% is a level that we're pretty comfortable with, we are happy with the performance this quarter. We probably did see some deferrals, but again that's probably the level that we're comfortable with, but always working to improve that. And I think the important piece is, as we've always said, getting the right business in the door upfront is our best defense against elevated churn down the road, and our teams are doing a great job of disciplined execution in the field.
Charles Meyers: Absolutely. In fact, I guess what I would say is that one of the reasons why I think customers are finding Platform Equinix such a compelling platform to sort of base their hybrid cloud strategy off of, is because of the flexibility that it provides in matching workload to certain requirements. And so by implementing a performance out for example and attaching into cloud exchange, people can segment their workloads and say, hey, look, I've got workloads that actually are well-suited to putting into a public cloud environment over public internet. And by the way, they can do that very easily from within an Equinix facility and that would drive exchange ports. But increasingly over time, what we see is they're saying, look there are certain things that from a security or throughput perspective, I need something different. And so that's where our private access really portfolio comes in and they can either do that over a fiber cross connect, which we see a lot of uptick on or they now can begin to do that in an automated fashion over Cloud Exchange. And so over time it will drive Cloud Exchange ports and virtual circuit that are provisioned over that Cloud Exchange. So we expect over time that we will see that full portfolio of interconnection continue to grow, as people really play out there hybrid cloud strategy.
Charles Meyers: And then on pro service side, Jonathan, I'd say, still early days for us there. Today, the reality is that that we've significantly ramped our Solution Architect team, which is a bit filling that void in working with customers who we see as having significant opportunities and sort of filling in bit of that gap in terms of working with them on designing their infrastructure. And in particular, on Performance Hub implementations and helping customers understand the benefits on how to go about implementing a Performance Hub. And that's pretty typical I think of the way you would see in that sort of technology maturity cycle is, as those types of very highly technical resources doing that early on. But I think as we evolve, we would begin to envision a billable organization, billable threshold services organization delivering sort of packaged professional services type engagements to customers to very quickly assess and roll out some of those services. And over time, I think that we'll probably evolve from, we're doing those, a significant number of those with perhaps resources ourselves. And then we will actually start to engage partners, because we think we'll get a lot of leverage in the partner channel, we'll able to deliver those similar types product services. And over time that will move from sort of Performance Hub design into hybrid cloud type implementations on a broader scale, networking WAN optimization, and also continued services around data center migration. So those are all sort of areas of focus that we would have. It's still pretty early days, but we are starting to see customers really view us as a trusted advisor in looking at how to implement private hybrid cloud.
Keith Taylor: Why don't I take the first question, Simon, just on CapEx. Certainly, we have announced some incremental builds that are taking place. At the start of the year we look at -- again, CapEx is reported on a cash basis. We looked at a range of $550 million to $650 million. Now, that we're getting to the latter part of the year, we've been able to tighten that range, because we have a much better idea of what cash is going to flow-in and flow-out of the system, if you will, in the fiscal period. So part of it just really tightening it. But to suggest though, that we have decided to make some incremental investments as you alluded to. And Paris is the one that that comes at the forefront there, where we're going to spend a little bit of incremental capital to build out the next phase of our Paris 4 asset. And then Silicon Valley, again that asset is going to be build out over a period of time, both 2014 and 2015. So the majority of that investment will be made -- sorry, the majority of cash outflow will be made in 2015.
Keith Taylor: The second part of question was around the capital structure. I think there was a number of levers that the company will continue to look at to optimize capital structure. Number one, we saw the $153 million left in our share repurchase program. We will opportunistically look at what and when to buy incremental shares as those opportunities present themselves. That would be one. Number two, we'll continue to occur convertible instruments. But one of the things we've been trying to do with our converts is get them into the equity base, partly due to the fact that there's dilutive aspects to what occurs, if you don't get it into the equity base in a timely fashion, and sort of we're very, very pleased with the historical transactions that we've done. As we have offset, I mean the amount of dilution that would otherwise have happen. So we'll continue to look at our convergence. And again, asses whether it probably makes sense, again the deal where we're focused on is going to be a net present value positive transaction for us, and we're going to drive more AFFO with the system. And is it in fact a good economic decision, both for ourselves and presumably the people that are sitting on the other side of the table from us. And then the third piece plays, as I said, cash balance was $704 million, but when you take out the $225 million for the ALOG acquisition, you're at some $500 million of cash. And then we obviously have some payments to make through the latter part of the year, whether it's the E&P Purge or other tax payments. And so we're going to be very mindful of our cash balance. So the team is quietly looking at how to capitalize the business on go-forward basis. And one of the things that we would sort of somewhat communicate the market to already is we'll look for straight debt. We said if there is a debt transaction that would make sense, and we need to raise capital and will certainly be active in the market. But there is no urgency. I think by the end of the year just give you -- I think, if you will, we'll probably end the year somewhere between all else being equal between $300 million and $400 million of cash on our balance sheet. And so we're still on a very sort of comfortable position from a liquidity perspective, particularly in the operating line of credit.
Keith Taylor: Jonathan, we're going to do two things here. I can answer the first question, but we're going to have to ask you to repeat the second question, because your line had broken up in proportionally. So we didn't get the full question. But as it relates to the guidance and takes the flow-through from revenue to EBITDA, whether you're looking at Q3 or for the total year, there is a number of things that are going on. And certainly, as I alluded to in my comments, first and foremost there is $3 million of early termination fee payments. One was up $2 million payment to one customer. So as those things don't typically recur on a very regular basis, and so we lose the benefit of that in Q3 and certainly that's one thing that affects the flow-through. The second thing that's impacting us is the deferred installation adjustment that I spoke of and Steve alluded to. Again, when we make those type of adjustments, it doesn't do anything to cash flow, but has a direct drop from the revenue line all the way down to EBITDA line, and as we said there is $5.3 million of hit to the year with respect to that. If I summarize it, well, the things there that are changing that you should -- if I take out the noise and I normalize everything, the one thing that I would tell you, there is two incremental cost that are coming into the system that we hadn't previously guided to. And one of them is higher utility. So normally from a volume perspective, so you see our revenues coming up and we're consuming more. And as a result, we're going to incur higher utilities than we originally anticipated and some of that is pricing. And I think of that for the year at roughly $4 million. And the other thing that we've talked about is channel. We expect to spend roughly another $3 million or expect to invest $3 million in channel in the latter half of the year, roughly $1 million in Q3 and $2 million in Q4. So that's $3 million of cost that we didn't originally anticipate. So when you adjust for all of that and you look at the flow-throughs, basically the numbers all work out, and work out with a consistent flow-through based on the revenue flow-through.
Keith Taylor: I'll take book-to-bill, Jonathan, and then I will pass the other one on to Charles or Steve. Certainly, when you look at the performance of the booking activity this past quarter, again very, very healthy bookings across our entire portfolio. And so the one thing I'll leave you with is, there is a fairly large, a lot of that happened in the third month of the quarter again. Again, even though it was maybe a more smoother quarter than was historically you've seen, we still had a lot of activity taking place in the month of June. So when I look at my book-to-bill perspective that will continue, that will feather into the system in Q3 and Q4. And so I want to give you maybe a hard point of view, when I think about incremental revenue that we'll see, and I'm adjusting for the one-off, the early termination fees, but I think about what's going to happen in Q3 relative to what happened in Q2. We're probably going to see more and more sort of organic revenue flow-through in Q3 than we saw in Q2. And likewise, as I look into Q4 versus what happens in Q2, again it's going to be up a light level from Q3 performance. All that to say is I think the book-to-bill cycle is starting to, there are some things that were in our backlog coming out of Q1, we're starting to see that relieve itself. And so I feel very good, more about a more consistent book-to-bill interval going forward.
