Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith.   In closing, we continue to see our customers derive compelling value from platform Equinix, leveraging our superior global reach, our scaled digital ecosystem, our market-leading interconnection platform and our greater-than-25-year track record of delivering on our commitments to fuel their investments in digital transformation. We are delighted to see the continued strength and fundamentals of our business, we remain highly confident in the integrity of our financials and we are as optimistic as ever that we'll continue to be an important partner for digital leaders as they accelerate AI investments and embrace hybrid and multi-cloud as the clear architecture of choice.  Before we turn to Q&A, I want to spend a few minutes on my transition. In reflecting on the last six years, it has been both a pleasure and a privilege to be the CEO of Equinix, showing up every day in service to our customers, to our employees, and to our shareholders. As I transition to the role of Executive Chairman later this quarter, I'll continue to take an active part in the business as Adaire Fox-Martin steps into the CEO role. Adaire is an extremely accomplished executive with a proven ability to deliver sustained value to the full range of stakeholders. I'm confident that she brings the experience, the skills, and the passion that we need to inspire our teams and support the evolving needs of our customers, driving growth and unlocking the extraordinary power of Platform Equinix. I look forward to working with Adaire in this next chapter of the Equinix journey.   I'd also like to thank Peter Van Camp, a shining example of the magic of Equinix over the last 25 years, and look forward to partnering with him as he moves from our Executive Chairman to Special Advisor to the board.   I look forward to further collaboration with both Adaire and the broader leadership team as we continue on our path as the world's digital infrastructure company capturing and creating new opportunities and leveraging our distinctive advantages to ensure digital leaders can harness our trusted platform to create and interconnect the foundational digital infrastructure that enhances our world.  So, let me stop there and open it up for questions. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah, Jon. I'll take the first piece and then Keith can both add to that and then take the second piece on the refinancing.   Look, xScale, you're right, continues to perform extremely well. We've seen huge pre-leasing activity over the last several quarters and I think we continue to see a lot of demand out there and a lot of confidence that we'll be able to effectively pre-sell that capacity as well and under returns that I think are in line with -- I mean, I do think we're seeing relatively firm pricing. I also think we're seeing rising costs, and so I think that the combination of those things leaves us with, I think, a level of underwriting that is at or above kind of where we probably were last year and feeling very confident in the range where we are on cash and cash returns overall. 
Charles Meyers: Jon, I would back up a little bit to the xScale and just say in addition to the underwriting continuing to be strong, pre-leasing activity strong, I think we're seeing exactly it play out very much as we expected in terms of how the whole thing fits together from a platform strategy standpoint. So very pleased with the xScale business and very pleased with how it fits in overall in terms of driving the broader value of the platform to our customers. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah, I'll just add a little more color, Nick, in that. So, I think that the type of capex investment, as you said, is in the base infrastructure required to operate the data center, power, cooling, etc. But the big difference here is that -- and we're seeing this dynamic play out because of the sort of rising density needs across the business, where we are, at times, needing to derate space and actually have space come off of the sort of -- go on to what we refer to as engineering hold. And in situations where you can unlock additional usable power, either through power efficiency projects or this kind of redevelopment investment, where you're putting entirely new equipment in, if you can unlock that power and match it to the space that is unused or on hold, you get meaningful, incremental capacity. And that's really the big difference here, is you're getting incremental capacity that starts to feel like another phase of a project. And so, in this case, DC2 is coming out of the stabilized assets, which, by the way, hurts stabilized asset pool, goes back into expansion. And the reason is because it's a really meaningful uptick in the overall capacity available from that facility. And that's really the litmus test that we use to say, OK, is it appropriate to qualify as a redevelopment project? And in this case, very, very much so given the customer demand for that asset. 
Charles Meyers: The short answer is absolutely. We're going to continue to grow the overall platform on the xScale side and retail side, but I think clearly there is a ton of demand out there, and we think we have a very, very credible story. And I think, as you said, the leasing momentum that we have generated over the last several quarters is quite indicative of that. And so, yeah, what we have left, we feel confident we're going to be able to lease effectively and as I said in the script, we're also excited to give you updates on what we have talked about pretty openly, and we've announced the SV12x asset, the first xScale in the Americas, but we also are deeply engaged in a set of conversations around how we're going to expand our xScale platform in the U.S. and the Americas more broadly. And so, we don't have anything specific to share with you, but we will in the not-too-distant future, and we look forward to that conversation. In terms of -- now we're not yet prepared to sort of size that precisely, but I will say that when you look back at what we said when we first talked about xScale at the Analyst Day, I don't know when that was, '18 or something, and what we said was what we thought it was going to be. It's certainly proven to be a lot more than that. And I think it continues to be a super exciting opportunity. Very proud of the team that continues to run that business for us, and they're doing great things and we're excited about the value that deliver for our customers. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah. I mean, the billable cabs, it comes from a few different things. You're right. We've always talked about the volatility in billable cabs based partially on timing of installs. It's not so much a longer sales cycle. Sometimes, it is a bit of a longer install cycle, and so, depending on the timing of installs and in fact the timing of churn, you can see volatility in any quarter. That's why we've always sort of told people over the years to look at a rolling four-quarter metric, but even that has really been under pressure, and has been under pressure primarily because of power density, and I think that kind of makes sense to people, but we're realizing, I think, that we really need to give people a bit more to hang their hat on relative to that particular metric. So, let me give you some of the math, I think, that will help people understand the billable cabs metric and how it plays here and what's causing the bit of pressure on that. We guide the 2% to 2.5% churn rate on our recurring revenue each quarter. So, we're running today at an MRR run rate of about $667 million. So, if you take 2% of that figure, at the low end of the range, so you're at $13 million to $14 million in MRR churn in any given quarter. As we said, our MRR per cab is averaging right now at 2,258. So, if you take that and divide those two together, you'd be churning roundabout 6,000 cabs in any given quarter. And more than that, if we're churning cabs that are at a lower-than-average MRR per cab, which candidly we would hope to be doing, if you're going to churn some cabs, it should be ones that are below the average, right? And so, in Q1, we were churning cabs that were at an average of 4.4 kilowatts. We were adding back cabs at an average of 5.8 kilowatts. And so, when you do that math, all in, in terms of that relatively large gap in density, you're looking at about a 1,500-cab hole that you've got to fill. So actually, staying flat on cabs is really a pretty significant win.   The density increase that's causing that sort of hole in the bucket on cab count though is a really important factor in driving the MRR per cab. So, if you go and if you look at our year-over-year growth on billable cabs, Q1 to Q1, last year to this year, it's softer for sure. It's only up about 1%. But over that same time frame, our MRR per cab is up 6% across the estate, and so, you add those two together and the composite gives you that 7% growth. So, long way of saying that, in other words that stable to slightly growing cab count is certainly a different dynamic than what we have seen. But the growth is coming. It's just coming in a slightly different shape. And so, we're still driving the growth in the business and getting the economic returns that we were anticipating. So, I think that, for us, rather than looking for a new indicator, I think, what we're going to look to do is moderate expectations on the cab growth and say, look, we're having to cover that whole quarter-over-quarter from a density standpoint, but it's really driving the MRR per cab, and it's the composite of those two things that really give you the solid growth model going forward. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah, I think the shorter answer to your question probably would have been not a lot of light between those I think, and I think we feel confident that we're going to be able to navigate those. Again, how timely I'm not sure, because I think those are probably not things that are frequently rapid, just due to the parties you're dealing with. We'll navigate them on as rapid a time frame as we can, or the audit committee and the independent investigators will, and then we'll report that back to you as we know more. 
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yeah. Thanks for the well wishes, Mike, and thanks for the questions.   I would say that the second half guide or the second half, I think, outlook for us doesn't look dramatically different. I think we had said that we're clearly looking at some acceleration in the back half of the year from a bookings perspective. And again, we feel good about the pipeline. We had a strong Q1, and so we probably had a slightly better Q1, and that gives us a little running start at that back half of the year. But I also think we are seeing -- although we saw lower churn than we had forecasted or expected in the prior guide, I do think we are continuing to see some level of churn in the system that I think we have to continue to navigate. And so, I think there -- not any big changes in the outlook and that's why again, you saw us maintain that outlook overall. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah. And I mean, Mike, we've used this term on the last few calls as sort of crosscurrents, right, which is a sort of strange combination of a lot of interest in demand around digital transformation broadly speaking, around AI, in particular. I think we're still seeing that. I think we're seeing great interest in AI and in hybrid AI, private AI, sort of mixed with public cloud as a sort of preferred architecture for a lot of the AI workloads that we're looking at. I think we're seeing a lot of customers looking at where they want to place their data. And I think they are increasingly reaching the conclusion that sort of proximate to the cloud is the right answer, and I think we're really well-positioned to benefit from that, and we're seeing some demand there. We're seeing a nice pipeline on the managed DGX opportunity that we have out in the market with NVIDIA. And yet at the same time, we are also seeing, as I characterized in the script, some level of customer caution, some level of tightening and desire for optimization in a still somewhat uncertain macro environment. And so, I think it's all those things together that led us to say, hey, this guide is a good one. We feel like we've got opportunity to outperform against it, particularly, on the FFO line, but that's kind of where we landed and sort of overall balance for the guide. 
Charles Meyers: Yeah. I would still characterize it as quite early days because I do think there is a ton of interest in AI, but I think that the actual execution of implementing infrastructure, driving workloads, etc. is I think still relatively early in the cycle. Now, I do think there is a lot of attention on really large-scale training workloads, and I do think we're seeing some of the demand in our xScale business being driven by demand from hyperscalers, which again are the largest customers of our xScale offering. And so, I think that is probably ahead of the game, but I think what we're now seeing is a really rich pipeline of enterprise training opportunities, as well as inference opportunities where inference is more distributed. And we've been saying this all along, I think that's where the unique different creation of Equinix is likely to be because of our highly distributed footprint, and because I think we bring that blend of capabilities to the table not only xScale. And we did see an uptick, I will say this quarter, in larger footprint opportunities, and I think some of that is really associated with AI-related workloads, both service provider and enterprise. And so, we're seeing a little bit of a different mix. I think still relatively early, but I think a lot of room for optimism in the AI opportunity overall for us. 
Charles Meyers: But I do think that -- I mean, look, the stabilized assets are 84% utilized overall. I think we've got room in the class that just went in for additional utilization. And so, I think that we absolutely are going to continue to see improving utilization, but we are continuing to add capacity for sure just given the level of demand that's out there. So, I think it'll just depend on how that ebbs and flows into the utilization number. 
Keith Taylor: OK. Thank you. We had a funny -- something going on with our conference line here.   So, I think about it more spread, and again, I made the reference in the prepared remarks that we're going to look at the timing and the currency in which we borrow money. Suffice it to say between how we raise our capital and where we need it to refinance the existing debt, we're really looking at different markets. And so, the spread, I think, you should expect, based on where we were, I think somewhere between 105 and 115 basis points over base, whatever that is. Now, we might do it in euro, we might do it in dollar, and we could swap it depending on where the cash flows are needed, but suffice it to say, I think we're in a really good spot to enjoy a spread relative to others that is very competitive.   The last comment I would just say is, look, the markets are very volatile right now, but for obvious reasons, you see that. And that's why I think it's important to talk about the spread. Suffice it to say, I think we will have ample access to capital. It just depends on the timing of when we execute against that transaction. So, whether it's this year or it's next year refinancing, I think we're in a really good spot. And then I think as everybody is also aware, we have effectively an unused line of credit of $4 billion. So, if the markets aren't there for whatever reason, we can always draw on that and then refinance at a later date, but I don't foresee that as being an issue for us. 
Keith Taylor: I think it's reasonable. Of course, certain markets have different price points as you can appreciate. But one of the things I think, at a broad range, I think low teens is very, very appropriate on an unlevered basis. And I don't think we can -- you can't lose sight, generally speaking, of the supply and sort of the demand sort of dynamics here, that supply is going to continue to be -- it's going to be difficult to deliver into the marketplace, and so, when you look at the demand profile, I think pricing will continue to remain very, very firm. So, on an unlevered basis, we can get a really nice return and you add on the fee structure that we can enjoy as a business. And we recently announced the Silicon Valley 12 transaction. Again, we're very pleased with the overall structure and type of deal we're doing there, and we're working really hard to bring that to a fully stabilized position and you know what, the returns that you're considering. 
Keith Taylor: Yeah, sure. It's one of those ones -- we've been working on this initiative for roughly a year, because it is a new category of expansion capex. And certainly, what you're trying to do is do two things.   One, we want to extend effectively the life of the asset further than people would typically anticipate. We're really going in and doing is really a heart transplant in a live environment. It's one of our highest-performing assets in the portfolio. And so, to give you a perspective, it's substantial because we refer to the $76 million, so you get a sense it's not something that's small. It's going to do two things. It's going to extend the life. It's going to create more revenue opportunities. And think of the range of 15% to 20% of an augmentation to an already high revenue environment. So that's the kind of value you can extract from it. The $20 million, the recurring capex component, will be doing roof replacement and some other things, and so that will go through the recurring line. But it's the $56 million -- in the prepared remarks, we really talked about the fact that this is going to get a yield, a return for us on an IRR basis better than stabilized assets. So, it gives you a sense it's in the 30s. If you decide to put sort of the end-of-life stuff that was recurring into the mix, you're still in the 20s. So, it gives you a sense of the investment decision that we're making is very, very substantial in a very critical asset.   The last thing I also want to leave you with, when we make this type of decision, part of the reason we were really calling it a redevelopment is this isn't like getting something done over a quarter. Again, high-density live environment is going to take two to three years to get this done. So, it gives you a sense of the level of investment. It's not like replacing a motor. We're basically taking out the guts of the entire IBX and replacing it with basic new and updated equipment. So, overall, I'd just say it's one of those things. There's not a huge portfolio, but I think over the next three to five years or something like that, you should expect something like six to eight assets could fall into that mix. Again, it has to be older than 20 years, and we have to invest more than $20 million for it to be considered a redevelopment capex item. 
Keith Taylor: Just add one, as Charles said, and I think it's important to understand that the level of work that was done since March 20th, so five, six weeks of work, was also included what was anticipated to be needed by the DOJ and the SEC. So, a tremendous amount of work has been done, and it's surrounded by what I would call the matters that relate to accounting irregularities. And I would expect, and I know this to be true, that they're already in dialogue with the parties. They're appropriately within dialogue with the parties. And again, this is going to be done independently as you would expect. Of course, they're going to draw on the resources of the company where needed to answer to questions and queries. So, I just think it takes a little bit of time, but getting to where we are that we filed the 10-Q yesterday should give you tremendous comfort on where we concluded. And, again, there is no adjustments, no findings. And so, as a result, I feel really good about where we are. And as Charles has said in his remarks, that related to both GAAP and non-GAAP, and I think that was really important. So, again, it will take probably a little bit of time, but overall, again, I feel very comfortable that by the filing of our 10-Q, it's a pretty good strong indication of where we are in the journey. 
Keith Taylor: And Mike, maybe just adding on to that, when you get to the second half of the year, you recognize that that, certainly it matters to the year, but it's not as important because it really matters to the year following. So, that's one of the things that you have to look at. We had a pretty good idea of what we think we could do for the first half of the year, and as Charles just mentioned, we're ahead of where we were. But offsetting some of that, of course, is some other things that have gone on inside the business, an example of metered power. And so, you're absorbing the fact that power costs have been down relative to where we were. We actually had a power price decrease, as you're aware, from the fourth quarter earnings call. And because of that, you're diluting a little bit of the growth. So, it's a combination of power being a little bit lower and sort of diluting it. In the second half of the year, we still anticipate to deliver against the expectations. But I would maybe characterize this as maybe a parting remark that when we look at risks and opportunities, the opportunities both in the revenue line and the cost line are much greater than those in the risk line. And so, where we are today, I just think that we're taking a posture that is appropriate given where we are at this time of year and just all the noise that's in the system. 
Keith Taylor: Yeah. Overall, I mean, if you look at some of the Canadian markets, it's not so much a constraint of generation, it's a constraint of distribution, and so Northern Virginia is an example of that, some of the Canadian markets, the Irish market, the Dublin market is another place. And so overall, it's sort of trying to optimize the environment as Charles alluded to, Singapore being that perfect example of deciding how you want to rerate the space and being very disciplined about what we sell, notwithstanding just a general thought about introducing a lot of new capacity into new markets, second tier, third tier markets for us. And they take longer to ramp, while at the same time, you have these major metros around the world where we're in dire need of incremental capacity. And so, that's what we're investing in. And so, it's really trying to optimize as best as we can across the portfolio, recognizing each market has a little bit of uniqueness to it. And so, working alongside what are we churning, where are we churning, and what does the inventory hold or engineering hold on some of the capacity as we augment with efficiency initiatives and the like, it's a combination of all these things that are factoring into our decision. And it goes back to the sort of the net cabinet billing discussion. When you look at the -- when you step back and say, well, that's part of what's causing that utilization level to be where it is, but you really have to step back and understand what is the revenue drivers of the business. You saw in our second quarter guide, we have a meaningful step up in revenues. A good roughly 65% to 70% of that is coming from MRR. And so, you know that we've got more revenue coming into the next quarter. We've got some MRR activity through xScale, but there's momentum in the business, and it doesn't necessarily appear the way that some of us would expect historically because it's not necessarily going to a lot of new incremental cabinets. There's more volume attached to the cabinets that we have. And so, it's a combination of those two things that I think are causing us to, I guess, be a little bit more cautious in what we talked about on a net billing cabinet basis, but we know that the revenue is there to support our growth. 
Keith Taylor: Charles alluded in his prepared remarks, we see the cabinet building number is going to increase and as a result, utilization will certainly continue to increase. I just don't know if it will happen at the rate that we would expect given all the other things that are going on in the business. And the caution that Charles alluded to, we are being cautious in our guide. We left the revenue guide constant, absent currency. We have momentum. We did better than we anticipated in the first quarter. Obviously, we made a reference to the fact the pipeline is exceedingly deep. That's a positive. But we're just not at a point to say, well, what does that mean from a billing cabinet basis? Are we going to alter basically the trajectory of our revenues based on what we've already guided? And there's just a number of factors that we're considering.   But overall, I'd just say there's strong momentum in the business. I think utilization will go up. I think net cabinet spilling will go up. I think based on the power utilization that we're selling, it will cause the density of cabinets to -- or a power sold per cabinet to continue to be elevated. And for all those reasons, that's why we have, I would think, momentum on the revenue line. But we're not yet prepared to change the trajectory of the revenue guide at this point. 
