Stephen M. Smith: Okay, Keith. Thanks. And finally on slide 16, which summarizes our updated Q3 and full-year 2016 guidance, including the impact of FX changes. Now, let me cover our updated 2016 outlook. For the full year of 2016, we're raising our revenue guidance to now range between $3.598 billion and $3.608 billion, a 32% as-reported growth organic, and constant currency growth rate of 13.8% compared to the prior year. This $8 million revenue increase includes a positive $2 million FX benefit when compared to prior guidance rates. Net of adjustments for Paris 2 and 3 acquisition and Bit-isle divestitures, revenue's stepping up $3 million, the result of our strong Q2 performance. For 2016, we are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to now range between $1.658 billion and $1.668 billion, a 31% as-reported increase for organic and constant currency growth rate of 16.8% compared to the prior year. This $13 million adjusted EBITDA increase includes a positive $1 million FX benefit when compared to prior guidance rates. Net of adjustments for the Paris 2 and 3 acquisition and Bit-isle divestures, adjusted EBITDA is stepping up $8 million, the result of our strong Q2 operating performance. And the growth of our business is driving increased adjusted funds from operations, which drives corporate cash flows and ultimately dividend. We're now raising our AFFO to range between $1.04 billion and $1.05 billion, a 32% normalized in constant currency growth rate compared to the prior year. This $30 million AFFO increase has negligible foreign currency benefit when compared to prior guidance. And finally, we are narrowing our 2016 capital expenditures to now range between $950 million and $1 billion for the year. So in closing, we continue to achieve above market growth rates, while reinforcing and extending our differentiated market position. We are capturing the significant shift to the cloud, executing well to capture the enterprise and continuing to invest across the business. The benefits of our interconnection strategy drive a growing and durable business that will continue to increase our revenues, AFFO, cash flow and dividend. So let me stop here and we'll open it up for questions. I'll turn it back over to you Sam.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. And I guess, I might just add that the – Jon, that we talked a lot about the interconnection-oriented architecture and how that is becoming relevant to how people are architecting their IT. And that's definitely filling up in terms of how people are adding interconnection both in terms of cross-connects as well as greater leverage in our other interconnection-oriented services like Metro Connect, et cetera. So we're adding nice interconnection revenue. And then, of course, we are seeing interconnection – I'm sorry, power densities increase on average. And we have quite a unique advantage in that we have a very large number of customers across a range of power densities, which allows us to continue to extract underutilized power and use it to our economic advantage. So, we see both of those factors and they continue to drive into very healthy performance on stabilized IBXs.
Stephen M. Smith: I guess, I'd pile on top of that, Jonathan, this is Steve, that – as I mentioned in the script, we're – we added seven Fortune 500 customer wins this quarter and a record number of Performance Hubs, which is exactly tied to what Charles was pointing is that it's now turned into our largest contributor of new customer adds. Inside of that, the manufacturing and professional services segments, inside the enterprise verticals are, in this quarter, where we saw a pretty big uptick of win.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. The Brexit impact is, at this point, very early. I think everybody's waiting the regulatory changes. And as you guys know, typically in the past, any regulatory changes have benefited Equinix. So, it's too early for us to determine. And we certainly haven't seen it in our bookings or our pipeline yet. There's a lot of uncertainty around the regulations, and I think we're watching the market very closely as everyone else is. We've not made any changes in our guidance reflective of Brexit at all, but we're continuing to see financial services deals close in the quarter, particularly in the UK and EMEA. Generally, the secular trends are unchanged, so we're still seeing the typical trends that we see in this part of the world. I think the regulatory thing has to unfold as I said.
Stephen M. Smith: So a couple of thoughts on that, Paul, I think earlier, to Charles' comments, we're starting to see the advantage of this interconnection-oriented architectural approach we're taking to the market. And as they help solve customer pain points with our – with – across the globe, the user experience with people is a big requirement that we're seeing, and interconnection is helping that. Location is a big factor in these requirements we're seeing, driven by bandwidth costs. The cloud, most customers we're dealing with are trying to get access to the multi-cloud. And so we're able to facilitate that. And then there's a lot of data-driven needs and requirements around compliance and customer insight. And so all the typical things that Charles talked about earlier around the Internet-oriented architecture is driving requirement. And we're well positioned to address many of those, and that's underpinning a lot of this interconnection growth.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, the hard stuff, the divesting and the initial integration plan is going to – the integration is going to go on through 2017, but the primary underpinning of the opportunity to do that is the fact that we've got our sales forces integrated now, and we're completely focused on cross-selling into both sets of assets. And so trying to quantify that is difficult to do at this point, but our complete focus now is globally selling into these assets and getting that sales force in Europe completely focused on selling globally, including the assets in Europe. So that will help us, obviously, with the distraction behind us now, the divestitures and the preliminary integrations. But we still have other countries to integrate from a systems and process standpoint.
Stephen M. Smith: The only other thing I think we're hearing, Charles, Amir, this is Steve, is they continue to deploy in the big markets. And we benefit from that because but we're in the big markets. But we're also seeing them going to emerging markets now at a pretty high clip, trying to extend their platform all over the world. And sometimes we're there, and sometimes we aren't. So in the – obviously, with our footprint, we're experiencing a lot of pipeline with these guys. But they're pushing beyond even the footprint that we have around the world into emerging markets. So at some point, that will pull us into future emerging markets. That kind of demand is what does that, big customer drivers, so we stay tuned and we watch that very closely, too.
Stephen M. Smith: And Mike, I don't know if Charles – the second question there's no real difference in our prosecution of making decisions on new build. It's driven across all the regions. We have that standing cadence every month, and it's driven by fill rate, pipeline, competitive knowledge in each of those markets, Mike. And we roll those up every month. We look at them around the world. We direct the CapEx based on the highest need and the best return, and we've got a mechanism that does that on a regular basis. So I don't...
Charles J. Meyers: Hi, Jonathan, I'll take that one. As we think about that number, number one is 8%, as we said year-over-year growth and 9% on a constant currency basis, we're seeing continued growth – part of the metrics that we provided you today were certainly provision for growth cross-connects, but also just giving you a sense of the momentum on an MRR per cabinet basis. So a lot of that's attributed to, again, power and interconnection revenues. As a result, no matter where you look across our portfolio, in all three cases, our MRR per cabinet has moved up and to the right. That's reflective of the performance across all three regions. And as a result, you're seeing that benefit really holds true in all stabilized assets in each of our markets.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes, very much both. We are – we definitely have – it was our strongest quarter of Performance Hub deployment, and that was both in terms of new logo capture both on the enterprise side, as well as a number of service provider categories who are effectively using Performance Hub to optimize our network architectures. And we are seeing a very strong land-and-expand sort of behavior in the Performance Hubs. So people are – typically initially come on the with one, two, three Performance Hub locations, prove out the benefits of those in terms of both performance and cost savings, and then they circle behind relatively quickly to add locations after the validated benefits. So, we see both of those and continue to be very excited about that offering in the market and how it's being received.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes. Fundamentally, I'd say that you've heard us talk a lot over the last several years about the discipline of putting the right customer at the right application into the right asset and that fundamentally, good execution and discipline against that strategy is what has driven our yield – continue to drive our yield up. So, we're really targeting workloads that tend to be interconnection oriented, we're quite disciplined in terms of finding that sweet spot of implementation size that really works well for the business and deliver strong value to the customer. They're typically adding both cross-connects in terms of getting direct connectivity to pure-play public cloud. And then as they expand, their commitment to hybrid cloud and the use of SaaS players, they're really looking at using ECX as a very convenient multi-cloud platform. And so we're seeing a lot of interest and uptake on those, even though it's, I think, relatively early days in the overall transformation. But that continues to show up in our results from a yield perspective.
Charles J. Meyers: Well, I think it's real now in terms of we're seeing some pretty sizable major IoT players who are deploying their platform inside of Equinix for a variety of reasons, primarily around the effectiveness of them to do aggregation cost effectively and with the right performance inside of our facilities. And so we're definitely seeing those early players come in and use Platform Equinix. So we think there is a real contribution, but obviously, we're very early stages in that. So I think it's going to continue to play out. We have a number of the, sort of emerging ecosystems. We have targeted business development efforts that make a very concerted effort to sit down and talk about who we think the critical magnates are going to be, deploy business development resources to go out and engage with those players, optimize Cloud Exchange to enable integration with those services and really begin to see the clustering and curating of those ecosystems that we've duplicated – that we've done in the past with others. So, still early days, but very positive signs, and I think it's already contributing but just tip of the iceberg.
Charles J. Meyers: Jon, I might just add just a little more color, I think, on the overall competitive environment. No meaningful change in my view, but I would say that as we look across the globe, I think we see pretty favorable supply/demand dynamics across all of our operating regions, which I think continues to mean that the overall market is operating with a pretty high level of discipline. But I also would say that we're seeing the unique strengths of Equinix begin to become increasingly important to the targeted buyers that we're going after. So the global reach, the ability to implement hybrid cloud effectively and gain access to the cloud density that we have and implement multi-cloud effectively, those are things that I think we're seeing in terms of. And if you look at our bookings in the really what we see as the critical growth verticals of cloud and IP and enterprise, really the two sides of the cloud ecosystem. Again, they continue to over-index. I think this is the ninth quarter in a row that that's been the case. And that speaks to I think the competitive dynamic in terms of our ability to win really targeted implementation.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes. This is Charles. We definitely see that people are – well, there're two sides to it. There's the supply side, if you will, in terms of CSP. And we typically see CSPs, particularly those who have global aspirations, and that tends to be the bulk of them operating across our regions and they tend to have pretty high total IBX count. And then on the enterprise side, similarly, in order to implement these interconnection-oriented architectures and take advantage of the network density and cloud density we have, they tend to start with a, as I said earlier, with a few locations and then have a land-and-expand sort of appetite or behavior over time. So, we definitely are seeing, I think, an increasing average number of IBXs for a deployment of customers. And we certainly believe that, that will continue.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes, you're absolutely right. I think we saw a bit of a land grab going on last year, as sort of the top CSPs really tried to quickly get into what they saw as the critical baseline set of markets for their services. And I think that's slowed down a little bit, but now what we're seeing is behavior in terms of people adding incremental services beginning to scale their revenue lines. Obviously, that's evident in the results of the likes of AWS and Microsoft. And we think that's fueling other CSPs to be – to have an interest in expanding their platform as well. So, we do see a little bit of that sort of big build-out bubble as maybe taking a bit of a breather, but we're seeing, particularly for us, because of our global footprint, see strong demand from the CSPs and then, again, translating that into momentum on the buy side of the ecosystem with the enterprise.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes. I mean, it's hard to anticipate. And it's because it's been so healthy and continues to be so much interest in terms of people utilizing the interconnection service offers that we bring to architecture infrastructure. So we – I can't really – I couldn't pinpoint what we think is possible in terms of whether there's a continued acceleration of that, but I would say that it continues to over-index on the interconnection line relative to the other services based on the strength of the ecosystem. And we foresee that continuing.
Charles J. Meyers: I don't have in hand – at the tip of my fingers here in terms of our Analyst Day, but we did provide what we thought the total incremental capacity would be available to us if we built out essentially the phases that we have available to us of existing projects as well as building out on our existing land base. And I don't remember, Keith, what that total was, but I think we sized that in terms of incremental capacity. I thought...
Charles J. Meyers: And so I think that's the – that's what we have. We'd have to go back and confirm that, but that's the number, I think. And then you can sort of estimate the CapEx for that by giving a rough CapEx build-out cost that we have on a per-cabinet basis, and that will give you an order of magnitude of what that would take.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay. Great, Jonathan. So, let me start by taking you through revenue at the highest level. As you know, we revised our guidance up by roughly a net $8 million. 50% of that $8 million really comes from the acquisition of the Paris 2, Paris 3 assets. That will add roughly $4 million of revenue to the second half of the year. For all intents and purposes, the FX and the divestitures that we referred to from Bit-isle, they will offset each other. So we have a little bit of a positive currency benefit, offset by the loss of the divestitures. So that really is leaving roughly 50% of $4 million of value attributed to the performance in our Q2 result. So that all said, that gives you a 13.8% year-over-year growth rate on an organic basis. As we look at the acquisitions, so both Bit-isle and Telecity, they're performing against our expectations. As you've heard us say before, there's a lot of friction as we close out the Telecity transaction and then sold off a number of the assets. We're now looking forward to seeing the focus on that business, and I would expect that at some point, you'll see the momentum pick up in Telecity. As it relates to Bit-isle, as you've heard us refer to, there was a lot of churn that was embedded in the business. And yes, we're experiencing the churn, but the team is continuing to perform well. And so in both cases, when we combine and look at the acquisitions, they are performing to our expectations. The last thing I'd say is one of the things that probably is – well, let me say two things. One of the things that probably not clearly evident is as we think about our booking expectations, we delivered almost exactly what we expected for the quarter and so very consistent with performance relative to what we have seen in the prior quarters from a gross and net bookings perspective. That all said, there's been a positive increase effectively to our backlog because as we think about the complexity of the global hybrid cloud implementation, they're extending the book-to-bill interval. And to give you a sense of size or order of magnitude, is in there about $4 million of delayed revenue associated with increased backlog attributed to our book to bill interval. So that would be that one – second last comment. And the last comment I'd make is, as we think about nonrecurring, back to your initial question, nonrecurring, we saw a little bit of an uptick this quarter over and above what we originally anticipated. But we still have the – our underlying assumption is nonrecurring revenue will revert closer to 5% as we scale through the year. And to the extent there's any change in that, we'll certainly guide to, but that's the assumption that we've made in the Q3, sorry, the updated revenue guidance.
Keith D. Taylor: Let me give you a couple of perspectives. I'm sure Steve and Charles will jump in as well. I think overall, when you look at how we're performing, one of the things that you'll notice is the number of net cabinet adds that we had this quarter, so we're back up to 3,300 net cab adds. So again, this is showing continued momentum in the business. As I said, we're still driving, we're driving our bookings engine as we expect and with momentum that we think that will continue to come from the channel. That gives us, it gives us a perhaps a greater opportunity as we look forward. All that said, you can see our utilization levels moving up. And so one of the things I would leave with you is, as we see utilization levels move up, there's really a need for us – there's eight new projects that are coming online this year, and there's 19 that are in the hopper. It's important for us to continue to build out our expansion initiatives so that we can continue to sell at that same clip with the same set of opportunities. Certainly, there's a number of markets where, all else being equal, we have some constrained inventory issues that we have to address. And hence, we're really focused on making sure that we continue to develop those properties.
Keith D. Taylor: Let me start. Let me take the first question, Colby. As it relates to Q3, as you know, it's typically our seasonally high utilities quarter. And if you go back a dozen years, you're going to see that historically utilities move up in that market, particularly in Silicon Valley and then certainly some of our European markets. As a result, there's $7 million of incremental utilities expensed in Q3 that was not there in Q2. And so although we got the benefit of utilities, I refer to that in our over-performance in Q2, we're still going to see a meaningful step-up of $7 million. So that would take your quarter-over-quarter EBITDA growth up to roughly 3.7%. So that'd be the first comment. As it relates to Paris, one of the benefits that we have as we said is, there's a great opportunity as a company as we acquire assets, we can operate it differently than the landlord. And in this case, there's an opportunity as we think about the revenue we can derive from the incremental customers inside those data centers. In addition to the fact that as we think about the lease treatment probably going to look – the lease treatment or the acquisition treatment is going to look as if you take all those operating costs away as a business, and then you put it on to your balance sheet, and then you'll have some depreciation. So we get the benefit attributed to revenue, but we also remove the costs associated with how we treated those assets. And then obviously operationally, we think we can leverage off of our existing – not to suggest we're not going to make some incremental investments. We can leverage off our existing staff, and so we get the benefit of that incremental revenue without having to meaningfully augment our staff. So in both cases, you get a nice top line and you also get a nice bottom line improvement. And then you'll continue to see us make good strategic decisions around those two assets and how to explore an even better return from the costs that we acquired these assets from DLR at.
Keith D. Taylor: I wouldn't say that. I haven't dissected it to that level. But certainly, we're looking at it holistically and certainly things move around quite a bit, as you know, in our different operating businesses. But bottom line, the team is committing both on an MRR and likely some NRR to augment our revenues by the $8 million. So, I'd have to do more work to give you an exact number. But overall, there's probably a little bit of both, Colby. I don't want you walking away thinking it's just MRR.
Keith D. Taylor: So I'd just add one other comment to Steve's comment. As you can appreciate now that we are through the divestiture process, we're working hard on the integration, and this relates both to Telecity and to Bit-isle. One of the benefits that we're going to have is we get to sell across a combined platform today. And understanding exactly who should be the, if you will, the true beneficiary of that booking and where the costs will go is becoming increasingly cloudy. So when we think about how we're going to perform on a go-forward basis, we're very much trying to look at it holistically. But it's clear that, from our perspective, we've taken away substantial distraction from the business now that we've not only closed the acquisition of our Paris 2, Paris 3 acquisition, but the divestiture of the eight assets to Digital Realty. And so now we can really focus on scaling the business and taking away a lot of the noise in the system.
Keith D. Taylor: I'll take the hedging question, Mike, and Steve or Charles will jump in on the other one. First, as it relates to hedging, our philosophy is to, as you know, is to provide effectively a soft landing for currencies as they move around, it's really to provide predictability with our results and with more focus on revenues and then also to create some certainty around our cash flows, again, because we're distributing a lot of our capital today back to shareholders. So those are two things that are highly important for us. And so when we think about how we deploy our hedges, number one, there's been increased volatility and so one of the things that we wanted to do is try and feather out these hedges over a longer period of time. And so we are hedging partially into 2018 now. We're focusing on typically the European currencies because of – without getting overly complex, our business in Europe is run as U.S. dollar functional. And when we hedge against our – whether revenues are costs for our cash flow hedges, we get the treatment against the lines in which we're hedging. So those are things that we try and do. And clearly, as a result, you're seeing the benefit of us not only in our result, but also on our guidance rate on how we've layered in those hedges over a period of time. So absolutely, we're benefiting from the hedges, but it'll depend on the currencies and the markets that we're talking about. But the philosophy is to continue to hedge, and then there also is our cash – as I said, there's the cash flow hedges, then the hedges that we put in place when we're moving money around the markets. And in this case, as you know, with the pending sale of the EMEA assets, we wanted to make sure we hedge the cash flow associated with that. And as I said, absent putting that hedge in place, we would have been $55 million shorter have we not put our hedges in place because of what happened with Brexit. And so again, we're being very thoughtful about our overall hedging strategy to create that predictability with our cash flows but also make sure that there's a smooth glide path as currencies rebase in some cases, like the euro or the pound, yet at the same time, you're going to get the volatility pick up because we only hedged 70%, 80% of the exposure.
Keith D. Taylor: And I would just add, the one thing I'd just say, at the Analyst Day on that particular point was if you think about cost to build out that capacity, as Charles referred to, that was embedded in the underlying model that I shared with everybody or the cash flow model and how we would still be fully funded investing in billion dollars plus a year to build out that cabinet capacity to give us the growth that we felt that we would need as we look into 2020 and potentially beyond.
