Keith D. Taylor: Great. So I'll take the first one, and Steve and Charles will take the second. The $2.3 million -- the $2.1 million of it relates to Asia Pacific and $200,000 is Europe, specifically, Singapore and Switzerland. And so those are one-off benefit that will not theoretically repeat itself, so we want to make sure we call that out.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, Brett. So there's 2 -- the $3.5 million in total this quarter that we wanted to pull out, specifically, $2.3 million sitting on the top line and then $1.2 million sitting in the cost of revenue line that's specific to the Americas region. But the $2.3 million, as I said earlier on, $2.1 million relates to Singapore and $200,000 relates to Switzerland. And so that's the $3.5 million in one off benefit that we think is appropriate for you to pull out this quarter.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, as you know our model pretty well, our costs are predominantly fixed and are the same bucket of costs that we see quarter in and quarter out. And sort of when we look at the trendlines, we did a little bit better on the revenue line partly due to this one-off benefit, but we also did better on the cost of revenue line. When you look at the SG&A line, it's the standard discussion, it was salaries and benefits less advertising and promotion and lower than anticipated professional and consulting fees. We originally felt we spent a little bit more in the REIT workout coming through the quarter and some of that's getting pushed into the Q1 timeframe. So that sort of addresses sort of Q4, sort of really across-the-board. There's nothing really substantive that I've pulled out. And the only other thing I'd say is maybe a little bit lower in the salary line. We didn't hire quite as many people as we planned and that seems to be a trend that holds true. If you look then forward into Q1, there's a couple of things I wanted to make sure I highlighted. And so when you look at this quarter, we did just roughly $239 million of EBITDA. If you take out the $3.5 million of benefit, you're roughly at $235 million of EBITDA. Next quarter, so being Q1, we're going to -- we're guiding you -- we take you to the midpoint, which is 5 20. Net add is roughly $60 million. So your modified EBITDA should be in the range of 2 50. That would be the standard expectation for the Street. So the question is what's causing it to be relatively flat? Well consistent with all the prior years, given the employee benefits and sort of the employer costs associated with FICA and all the other added costs that are coming into the equation this quarter, we're going to actually increase our employee benefits and the employer portion of it in or around $5 million this quarter. In total, employee benefits are going up $9 million but embedded in that $9 million is $5 million. Salaries are going up $4 million and utilities are going up $5 million. And that's offset by roughly $5 million in net savings quarter-over-quarter. So overall, a lot of numbers there, but it really sort of tells you that quarter-over-quarter, it's the seasonal aspect primarily of employee benefits that are affecting the flow through that you're going to experience.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay, David. So in the end we did modify our guidance. We fully understand that. I think first and foremost, I'd like to talk a little bit about the revenue side. When you think about revenues and basing what we offered to the midpoint of guidance, so it's an $18 million net uplift quarter-over-quarter. So Q1 versus Q4, a net uplift of roughly $18 million. So I got to take out that 2 -- $2 million, $2.3 million one-off benefit. And so if you just take that and assume every quarter throughout this year we're going to add roughly $18 million, it gets you really to what we call our floor of roughly 2 -- $2.2 billion or greater. Certainly, expected inside the performance of the business is that we'll continue to produce more from a sales productive -- productivity perspective. Clearly, we're being muted today, sort of the last quarter, this quarter, by the churn that we're absorbing. But all that said, we certainly expect to, given the guidance we're delivering to you today, we expect that we'll continue to produce better. And in fact, we think that we'll deliver higher growth through the back end of the year versus the first half of the year. So that's sort of just talks a little bit about the revenue line. If I take to the cost line, there's a couple of things. Certainly, when we look at our annualization of our Q4 EBITDA, you got to take that $3.5 million benefit, which again it doesn't explain the whole difference, but you also have to recognize there's $20 million of REIT cost. The REIT cost that are coming into the equation. Not to mention the massive investment this company is making to move towards the REIT, not just from the discrete costs we're talking about, but the investment in our people, more in our systems, in our platforms, some of the other tax work that we're doing around the world. In the end, we're going to add more sales people. We're going to open up more IBXs. Obviously, these IBXs that we opened up last year was the greatest amount of expansion the company's ever done. We're now going to have to staff them and do all the things that you would expect. And because of that, it's sort of muting our overall performance. So in fact, if you look at the first half of the year, you say, okay, I can understand where we're going because of all of that. The theory behind the guidance that we're delivering today is an acceleration through the second half of the year. And that's where you get the benefit of all the things that we're doing as an organization. And hopefully recognizing we're going to give you updated guidance in roughly 8 weeks from now when we do our Q1 guidance. At that point in time, we certainly are going to take the opportunity to refine the guidance similar to what we did last year. But I'd just tell you right now, we feel it's appropriate to stick to what we give you off the Q3 earnings call, recognizing that we have been running a little bit better than we anticipated, but there is this expectation that we'll invest more in marketing, more in sales and, certainly, more in the back office to scale the business towards the $3 billion number or greater [indiscernible] in 2015 and then looking into 2016 and beyond.
Keith D. Taylor: I was hoping you would forget that one, David. But Charles reminded me of it. AFFO, again, what we did this quarter, very much like we've done in the past. Adjusted discretionary free cash flow is a very good surrogate, we believe, for the AFFO. And as you saw what I said in my prepared remarks and as you see in the chart, it's north of $11 of AFFO per share. But the thing that we're working on is doing a much better job of trying to break down all of the CapEx because I think some of the confusion is not so much around how we get to the operating metrics. It's more about how do we allocate what capital into the theoretical AFFO calculation. To us, it's still a little bit early to do that, but we're eleven dollar four of -- $11.41 on sort of basic share count of $48 million of AFFO. The thing that we haven't really fully burdened is really where we're going to take it. But what I did give you this quarter was $10 million and what I consider to be true maintenance spend in our CapEx line and what maintenance CapEx. And that's the thing that sort of -- we want to make sure we get it all right. And so we'll be updating that probably as we come through 2013. We'll start to give you not, only a discretionary free cash flow number, but we'll start to think about the AFFO. But having said all of that, AFFO, our discretionary free cash flow, we saw a roughly 19% increase this year over last year. The guidance we have given you would suggest that we grow another 15%, 2013 over 2012. And right now I would ask you to continue to use discretionary free cash flow or what we call adjusted discretionary free cash flow as the metric that will be a good surrogate for AFFO.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay, I'll take the first one. So, Jon, when we adjusted the adjusted discretionary free cash flow when we gave the initial guidance it had some conservatism built into it. We wanted to see how we're going to perform in Q4 and then also how that was going to lead it into the 2013 time period. But also as we looked more at our internal budgets, Steve and I just came off December roadshow where we met all the regions and reviewed the budget, we had a much better sense of the timing of when we're going to actually spend money and not spend money in. So when we took all of that into consideration and recognizing, if you will, the size of the range that we originally had, we felt that we can give a little bit on this call. And so we've modified the range up to the 6 20 to 6 40.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. So, Gray, a couple of things, certainly as we've said in the past, last I checked, the company will go through a fairly meaningful deleveraging through 2015, 2016 time period. Recognizing that there's a number of things that are taking place, and we're in the middle of our PLR submission to the IRS. Not understanding exactly where that's all going to come out, the company has obligations that we'll have to meet from a cash perspective including E&P purge including incremental taxes, of course, we're going to continue to invest in the business organically through capital allocation towards the construction projects. So that all said, I think what's important to note is the company has great flexibly as we look forward. Part of what we want to look at is optimizing the balance sheet, making sure we have the appropriate level of leverage on the books. It's going to be a little bit different than others and perhaps some of the other data center REITs primarily because we've targeted a 3x to 4x net leverage target. Our contracts tend to be shorter than theirs. And so when you look at sort of the relative exposure to the balance sheet, you want to make sure you marry up that exposure with, basically, your leverage, that will be one thing. But the other thing I think is important, as Steve noted. We're also going to continue to grow the business organically. We'll also look at inorganic opportunity, and we also have to look at what distributions do we have to do and do we do to our shareholders within the REIT structure and outside of the REIT structure. So all that has to be contemplated. So if I could take that together and summarize it, right now we have a tremendous amount of flexibility and we're going to continue to look at our capital allocation strategy and we'll update you over the next few calls as we hear back from the IRS, and we start to move more and more towards that REIT conversion.
Stephen M. Smith: And on the second part of your question, Jonathan, let me give you some color and then Charles can probably add some points here. But first of all, I think, everybody on the call, it's probably good context to know that Q4, from a gross booking standpoint, was our second best quarter, historically. So a very good performance by the team by any measurement. And as we told you in past calls, we're closely tracking new rep productivity, as well as tenured rep productivity and I will tell you that it's continuing to move as we've described in the past up into the right with meaningful improvement actually in Q4 with our new rep productivity and Charles can probably give a little bit more color on that. And I would say the vertical orientation that I described is really starting to pay dividends for us because we're speaking in the customer's language. We understand their application needs. It's helping us to really determine the right mix of applications into the right assets. And just very quickly in the quarter from a booking standpoint, pretty similar history by vertical. We have roughly 23% of our bookings come in the network and cloud verticals on a global basis. About 21% of the bookings fell into the content digital media. Roughly 20% in financial and enterprise was the remainder, about 13%. So from a bookings in the quarter standpoint, pretty good spread and I would tell you, there's no big trends, Jonathan, on a regional basis by those verticals. We're seeing, because of the global platform focus, a pretty good mix across all industries. I don't know if you'd add anything there, Charles.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. Just to put a point on that, Jonathan, we're running at, call it, 207, 208, 209 quota-bearing heads around the world today by the end of the year based on pace and performance it might creep up to 235, 240 somewhere in that range. Call it the quota-bearing heads on a global basis.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, the primary -- the business in Shanghai, to get started, can be a little different than in markets where you have multiple network density type of situation. So China Telecom is the predominant provider in southern China versus China Unicom in northern -- in the Beijing area and then, of course, you have China Mobile that's in the mix. So there's 3 big carriers in that market. And then the other international carriers, obviously, leverage wholesale basis those relationships. But our intent is to work with multinational companies that have either customers or employees in the Shanghai region, and they just need a high-quality data center provider to provide space. And we can do interconnections within that facility. But it's a little bit different mix than, say, 21 Vianet or some of the other local providers are doing from a license standpoint. So we will be primarily focused on high-quality data center space and interconnection within the 4 walls of that facility.
Stephen M. Smith: The only thing I'd add, Frank, this is Steve, is that the other dynamic you have going on in the market is the global telcos are all trying to service enterprise also. And so the way they're doing that is cloud-enabled activity. So our conversations with the telcos today are spreading their footprint deeper and wider inside of Equinix with access nodes and primary nodes, et cetera to help get to the enterprise. And so that will have a pull through effect to enterprises understanding that get to the networks inside of Equinix's data center. So there's lot of dynamics going on here in the enterprise.
Stephen M. Smith: Colby, let me start and then Charles can pick up the churn conversation in the Americas. On a global basis, the work that Charles and his team started late -- well, I guess, late the year before, early last year, he did take that learning and poured it over to Asia and Europe. We have started to apply the same methodology, if you will, or frameworks, if you will, as we're renewing contracts. So we're putting the same lens on optimization around the world. It's just more -- it's a larger activity in the Americas. But as we renew and we look at that multi-tiered architectures and how customers are bifurcating the deployments, we're applying the same discipline around the world. And I would tell you it's early days in Europe and Asia for that. And I don't know, Charles, how you describe Americas, but we're well into it in the Americas.
Stephen M. Smith: Sales cycle in Europe I would describe as like every other company in Europe, there's been some delayed decisions with probably some enterprises. But generally speaking, we performed very well in Europe. Our team has exceeded expectations in top and bottom lines. We get the advantage as we talked about in terms of pouring inbound bookings into Europe. Actually, this last quarter Europe exported as much as they've been importing from the U.S. in a quarter. So the global sales team has started to really kick in and push bookings around the globe. So doing very well in the U.K., doing very well in Paris with the new asset, as Keith described, is 50% sold, preassigned. And so, in general, I would tell you probably because it's fortunate we're in the good markets, we're performing quite well, and they have the benefit of the global sales team pushing business into Europe.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, I don't -- I think the question was posed to me, which markets are the hottest markets and which markets are at the other end of that and the German market is a little bit tougher market from a competitive standpoint. There's a lot deeper competition, which obviously puts pressure on price. But this past year, our German market actually grew, including the ancotel acquisition, almost 30%, just under 30%. And without ancotel, it was in the high teens. So the growth of our German businesses is still doing fine. It's just a little bit more acute in terms of the competitive nature, much deeper in Germany than in almost any other market in the world. And that's what I was referring to.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I will give a little more color, Jonathan, relative to the -- specifically, on the Americas. As Steve indicated, we have record bookings performance across many of our verticals and geos and really continue to see very strong demand for platform deals that are leveraging our presence in multiple regions. Q4 was a particularly strong contribution from our new rep cohort, which some of them have been on for as much as a year now, some shorter than that. But the overall contribution from that cohort has more than doubled than in the past several quarters and continues to trend up into the right. So Q4 was definitely a strong bookings quarter, a good solid continued momentum in the mature verticals and really some realtime momentum in some of the more emerging areas. As Steve said, we're seeing some significant benefits from the vertical alignment of the teams and in terms of our plans going forward, we probably will make some modest additions and some modest force redeployment actions in terms of just trying to put the forces where we can believe we'll get the most return from them in '13. But we'll probably make a few modest additions. I think the additions in the other regions will be slightly higher.
Charles Meyers: Sterling, this is Charles. I'll respond a little bit on that. I think that we are seeing a pretty significant uptick in terms of CIOs looking at hybrid cloud architectures as sort of their future. And so I think what that is resulting in is really our ability to act as that sort of cloud hub for them both to meet their traditional colocation requirements for things where they need the security and the control, and so that we still see an appetite for colo, but that's augmented by them using our interconnection to the public cloud players in a direct connect format and using our network density to censor and stitch together hybrid clouds. And I think what that means is that we are seeing, actually, some use of, what I would consider, cloud nodes that are sort of relatively smaller implementations but that are more interconnection dense. But we see -- we definitely see an appetite for them, for people accessing public cloud providers and using cloud-based SaaS applications to meet their needs and really leaning on Equinix as the place to do that from.
Charles Meyers: Sure, Frank, this is Charles, I'll pick up and then if Steve or Keith want to add anything... Again, I tend to view the competitive overlap with the wholesalers as very modest. There are, as we said on a number of occasions, occasionally we'll look at larger footprint opportunities that may, in fact, have wholesale as a viable alternative. But that tends to be the exception rather than the rule. And so we still continue to see ourselves on a relatively different supply curve and meeting different set of customer needs, generally, vis-à-vis the wholesale market. As it relates to the enterprise, I would say that I think we are relevant to a portion of the enterprise need, where application performance, network density and global reach really matter. Again, that's the sweet spot for Equinix. We are not going to chase large footprint, razor thin margin deals for back-office applications, et cetera. That's not what we're about. But what we are seeing is people who want to, for example, use our network density to optimize the performance of their WAN or if they're implementing SaaS based applications that need performance -- have certain performance requirements or want to interconnect to use public cloud via Direct Connect or SaaS-based applications with higher performance, they're looking at putting in relatively small but distributed application implementations across the Equinix footprint, and that's the sweet spot for us and really provides them with compelling value.
Charles Meyers: Yes, we're certainly well advanced in our overall optimization efforts, which has a number of dimensions to it. And through the overall IBX optimization project, we've now sort of bridging to churn. We've got a very good handle on our book of business, and we evaluate our renewals with a very disciplined approach that considers a number of factors and, therefore, in any given quarter, churn can be volatile depending on where we land with certain renewals. But I can tell you that I'm very confident the decisions we're taking will allow us to moderate churn downward over time as we ensure that we're matching the right assets to the right applications. And certainly some of those churn decisions creates some headwinds, but our view is if managing through those headwinds is required to protect our long-term returns, then that's absolutely what we're going to do. So in terms of precise outlook, very hard to be exact about churn level, quarter by quarter. But we feel very confident that we've addressed, actually, maybe customers that we think moved -- need to move to multi-tiered architectures, as I said, quarter-over-quarter, as we look at key renewals. It can be a bit more volatile. But I do expect that it will moderate over time and allow us to expand our net bookings' performance.
Charles Meyers: And relative to the divestiture of the assets to 365 Main I'd say we've been extremely pleased with how that's gone. Really no substantive adverse impacts. I think kudos to the internal team here who had put a ton of effort into making sure that we had the planning effort up front, so that we could not impact customers. 365 has been a great partner in that. And we've had a couple of situations relative to splitting contracts and various other things that customers need us to help them work through, et cetera. And the inevitable bumps and irritations that may cause customers. But we took great pains to preplan that and put money aside to invest to make sure that the transition went smoothly and, overall, I would say it has.
