Stephen M. Smith: Thanks, Keith. Let me now shift gears and cover our outlook for 2013 on Slide 15. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect revenues to be in the range of $530 million to $534 million. Cash gross margins are expected to range between 68% and 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $120 million and $124 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $240 million and $244 million. Capital expenditures are expected to range between $170 million and $180 million, including approximately $45 million of ongoing capital expenditures. The increased CapEx guidance for Q2 reflects an increase in payments related to the shortfall that Keith just discussed in Q1. For the full year of 2013, we are maintaining total revenue expectation at greater than $2.2 billion or greater than 16% growth on a year-over-year basis, which absorbs roughly $21 million of currency headwinds relative to guidance rates provided on our last call. Total year cash gross margins are expected to be between 68% and 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $490 million and $510 million. We are maintaining expected adjusted EBITDA for the year to be greater than $1.01 billion, which absorbs roughly $9 million of currency headwinds relative to prior guidance rates and also includes $20 million in REIT conversion costs. We are maintaining our total CapEx guidance for 2013 at a range of $550 million to $650 million, which includes $165 million of ongoing capital expenditures. We are investing in our business at a very attractive risk return profile, and we continue to achieve our targeted returns. So in closing, we're off to another good start in 2013. The external secular trends driving vertical demand, combined with the maturation of our sales force and the moderation of churn, point to another year of strong and predictable growth. Our focus on building global interconnected ecosystems, along with a disciplined balance of top and bottom line growth, is providing us continued differentiation from our competitors. As a result, we are well-positioned to help our customers and new prospects accelerate their business performance and drive operational efficiencies in the most important markets in the world. So let me stop here and open it up for questions. And, Fred, I'll turn it back over to you.
Stephen M. Smith: Gray, this is Steve. The only thing I'd add to that -- and a lot of this, it does emanate in the Americas initially and then we end up on the same trends in Europe and Asia. But some of these big secular trends that we talk about are really underpinning a lot of this, as Charles just alluded to. So as I talked about in my prepared comments, SaaS, Software-as-a-Service is probably 70% to 80% of the activity we're seeing today of the cloud workloads coming into Equinix. And so that is a big driver. The Infrastructure- and Platform-as-a-Service players are starting to come in, as I also indicated. But historically, we've gone from very low single-digit percent of our business being cloud-related to 24% today over the last 3 or 4 years. It is clear to us, as you look at all the industry verticals, that all CIOs around the planet are putting some workloads -- some type of test and development at least into cloud environments. And so it streams across many application fronts. Big Data is a good example. So all the Big Data players today use Equinix in many forms and fashions around the world. And so they're moving big cloud or Big Data workload in and out of the cloud. They like us because we've got public cloud nodes in here. We've got the private cloud nodes, and we're creating this hybrid environment for them. So they can move all kinds of workloads, but as Charles said, it's mostly mission-critical, real-time, high-performance-type applications that are finding their way into our IBXs.
Stephen M. Smith: The only color I would add, Jonathan, on top of that from an Asia and a European standpoint is that, actually, I don't think we mentioned on this call yet, but actually, Europe had its highest production of bookings this past quarter. So even with the macroeconomic situation in Europe, that team is performing very, very well, primarily driven by the fact we're concentrated in these more robust, stronger markets. But generally, what Charles just described is happening across all 3 regions. Funnel and coverage ratios are in good shape, the deal discipline is taking hold across all the countries and all the regions. So we're globally doing deal reviews, and we're making good long-term decisions. And the vertical orientation of the sales force in the marketing organization is really helping us have just better conversations with customers. So we really understand the mix of applications coming into these IBXs. So generally speaking, everything is moving in the direction that Charles described on a global basis.
Stephen M. Smith: The only thing I'd add -- David, I thought you asked at the tail end of your question that -- how are we having record bookings in our cloud business when it seems like other companies that are in that space are fighting and lowering price and battling it out? Remember, our whole strategy is to be the home of as much cloud as we possibly can, private, public hybrid, all flavors of it. And so we're enabling these companies. Some are going to win, some are going to lose, but we're not caught in the middle of that price war. We're enabling these companies to come in and get access to our 4,000 customers and set up shop so they can deliver cloud services out to the world. So we're in this neutral position and the fact that cloud is bleeding into every industry vertical and our entire sales force is selling in each vertical, cloud is not just an industry vertical, even though that's how we report it, it's happening in each of the industries. And so it's proliferating at a pretty good rate.
Stephen M. Smith: And Frank, said another way -- and then Keith can have the megawatt question. But said another way, we've made a business decision here to catch -- and we do very frequently very high-growth companies that will continue to scale with us around the world, and at some point, they're going to get big enough where they're going to consider building their own data center or doing, as Charles just described, this bifurcation or multi-tiered architecture. And they're going to naturally churn out. But for that time period, while they're growing and they're young, they're going to grow inside of Equinix, and we'll help them do that. And that will be the business model. And so we're going to continue to find companies that are high-growth companies, that will get to a certain stage in their evolution and they're going to bifurcate it or they're going to get more sophisticated on their multi-tiered architecture. And as Charles just described, you'll have that phenomenon. So the churn is going to -- we're going to have some amount of churn for those types of customers.
Keith D. Taylor: Great. Good question. So Colby, I'll take the first question, and then I'll let the team sort of answer the second question here. As it relates to churn, clearly, the 0.7% increase in churn this quarter was something that we didn't originally anticipate. We knew it was going to, as I said, occur in the second -- or, sorry, the first half of the year, we thought it would be frankly in Q2, bump up forward [ph] to Q1. That left us at 3%. Had it stayed in the sort of the Q2 time frame, ideally, we would have been in the range that we've guided to, and that was sort of the 2.5% to 3.2% that we said that we'd experience over the next few quarters. All that said, with the acceleration of that forward and now it put us in a position we think we're over the hump. And we're comfortable at approximating what we think churn will be for the foreseeable future through the remainder of this year anyway at 2.5% per quarter, and that is an approximation. And again, as you probably know and as many of the listeners know in the call here, churn tends to be lumpy. Sometimes when a customer indicates to us that they're going to churn, it sometimes gets pushed out. In other cases, it gets accelerated. In this particular case in Singapore, this is a churn that we've been anticipating for over 2 years, and had just not -- had not happened. And then the team forecasted and budgeted it in their 2013 plan. And so we recognized that we thought it was going to happen this year, it just happened a little bit faster. And so there's no net revenue impact to us. It just affects -- affecting this 1 churn metric. But as a go-forward basis, recognizing that I said the churn will be lumpy, I think it's important to know that as a company, we recognize that churn is something that we want to pay close attention to. Yet at the same time, with the actions that we're taking and recognizing some of our customers will bifurcate their infrastructure, what it really does for us and what you've seen over the last few quarters is it's giving us great price stability. You see our margins have been accelerating. We're managing our CapEx differently. And so from our perspective, recognizing it is one metric and not necessarily all the metrics that we need to look at. It's something that we take into consideration. And as we go forward, we'll continue to give you a perspective on what we think will happen, but overall, I think we've got a pretty good track record of, one, telling you what's going to happen, when it's going to happen; and two, delivering on our financial expectations. And so as I said here, we've now taken that into consideration, and we believe on approximate 2.5% per quarter is what you should see through the remainder of this year.
Keith D. Taylor: Just so we're clear, I just want to make sure, are you specifically talking about guidance as a whole? Are you referring to the quarter? I just want to make sure we knock the right point here.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay. So let me just start. If you actually step back and look at our Q1 -- because I think -- obviously, you have to ground yourself first. How did we do in Q1 relative to what we said we'd do? And so as you know, if I take you back -- I'm going to take you back 2 steps here, first, coming out of 2012 Q4, we did $506.5 million. And so that was sort of the base, if you thought, the -- if you will, the entry point into 2013. As you might recall, there's a one-off benefit in there of $2.4 million. So normalized Q4 was $504 million. So the guidance that we give this quarter, we're looking really at a midpoint of $520-odd million, with a top line of $522 million. So we came in at $519.5 million. That absorbed $2.3 million of currency headwind. And so you're basically at the top end of the range, although this quarter, there is a $1 million one-off benefit that we -- with some complex accounting that we probably won't see in the forward quarters. So on an adjusted basis, this quarter, we sort of came in at $520.8 million. And so that sort of set the stage. We grew 3.3% quarter-over-quarter or roughly $16.7 million quarter-over-quarter. When I fast forward then, look at the guidance that we give of $530 million to $534 million for Q2 here, again, recognizing there's $3.7 million of currency headwind in that guidance but said differently, if we use the Q1 exchange rates for Q2, the guidance number would have been $3.7 million higher. So when you look at that on an adjusted basis and relative against the midpoint of what we're guiding to, we think we'll deliver roughly 3.3% incremental revenue growth. So having said that, the first 2 quarters -- so the first 2 quarters, we recognize that, clearly, we're growing below what we think the average is -- the average would be for the year, recognizing we'd give you a floor of 16%. And, again, I'm talking about the top line here. So what's happening for the second half of the year? Well, clearly, we've been very upfront by the fact that we've absorbed more churn. You can see that in our elevated churn metrics over the last few quarters. So number one, we think that's going to abate. Number two, we think the production out of the team and the gross volume is going to increase. And it's planned for us, how we set our plan up for 2013 and I think, what got approved by our board. So it's in anticipation that we see better gross production on the top line, less churn as we moderate it downwards through the remaining part of the year. And that would deliver greater than 5% growth for the next 2 quarters to take us through, say, greater than 5% growth for the next few quarters in Q3 and Q4 to get us at our -- what I'd call our floor of $2.2 billion or greater. And so that's basically how we sort of constructed our model. It's how we constructed it back in October when we first delivered it to you. And it's relatively consistent with what we've executed again thus far this year. So let me leave it there and just make sure I've answered your question.
Keith D. Taylor: Again, there's a couple of things that are going on in EBITDA. And so look, without getting into too much detail of sort of trying to take it to a different level, when you look at the midpoint of our Q2 guidance, we're at roughly the same level. And I say that because this quarter, we did 2 -- Q1, we did $243.5 million. If you take out that one-off revenue benefit I referred to, you're basically $242 million. The midpoint of our guidance for this quarter is $242 million. So what's happening? Number one, utilities, we're going to increase our utilities by approximately $7 million this quarter, Q2 over Q1. That's one thing. Second thing is professional fees, a lot of it related to the work we're doing on REIT and the implementation of our other tax strategies. That's going to be $4 million increase over the prior quarter. So those two alone, that's an $11 million increase. And then you take into consideration the salaries and benefits. As I said in my prepared comments, the FICA reset that we experienced in Americas in Q1, the net benefit we get is we get actually a net decrease in salaries and benefits in Q2 by $1 million. So those 3 items alone is a net cash increase of $10 million. And so when you look at that relative to what we think we can do for the rest of the year, we -- similar to revenues, we think we can accelerate through this, through the spend program that we have and deliver EBITDA margins at the level that we suggested. And then to ground everybody, again, we said we could do $1,010 billion, so $1,010,000,000 of EBITDA in 2013. When you take into consideration the $9 million hit related to currency, that's effectively almost a $1,020 billion number relative to what we previously provided. As we go through the year and continue to manage our spend, we'll update you on every single quarter. But we feel relatively comfortable in the guidance that we've delivered from an EBITDA perspective. Recognizing the timing of expenses is something that we're going to pay a lot of attention to. But overall, we think we can deliver on or about that 46%, 47% EBITDA margin level.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, great question. So the cabinet count is fully reflected in those, over 500 cabinets, 519 cabinets to be very specific, that occurred in the Singapore market. I think there's 2 things I'd like to leave with you. One is the customer chose to build in that environment. Many years ago, when it was -- without getting into all the specifics, I think a lot of it was driven through the EDB, which is basically the development arm, if you will, of the Singaporean government. And so there's a lot of tax incentives for what they did. That is atypical for what we see with our large customers in that market. Most of them like to reside in a facility like Equinix or potentially one of our competitors. So from a cabinet perspective, that's done. What we're now going to absorb unfortunately and what is reflected in our guidance, of course, is the cabinets stopped billing on the last day, if you will, of the quarter. So as a result, that $1 million churn or thereabout is going to -- we're going to feel the full impact of that in Asia Pacific through the next quarter. And so when you look next quarter, when we give you, if you will, the final results for Asia Pacific, it's going to be very much muted because of that large churn event. And let me just answer your other question, Jonathan, if I may. And so from a revenue perspective, again, it's something that we probably don't want to keep on doing because we're -- if you will, the ancotels and the Asia Tones are getting fully integrated into our businesses. But let me at least just give it to you for this quarter. ancotel did -- just over $6.3 million for the quarter. Asia Tone did $11.4 million. And then ALOG did just under $21 million. Again, a little bit -- they were a little bit aided by some positive currency with the Brazilian real. But overall, that's the numbers that we had for those 3 assets.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. Asia Pacific, yes, they actually had a pretty healthy increase in margins quarter-over-quarter. Part of it was due to this one-off benefit I alluded to. There was a, in fact, $1 million one-off benefit that they hadn't planned for in the revenue line. We're now hedging -- it's very much a very complex accounting issue that we have on that revenue line in Singapore. We're now hedging against that effectively on a go-forward basis. So you shouldn't see that again. So part of it, if you take out $1 million of effective pure profit, that will give you a better perspective. In addition, there was just some timing of their spend. And so I would think they'll get back to their traditional levels in the range between 48% and 50% for the remaining part of the year.
Keith D. Taylor: Why don't I take the first one? I think Charles will take the second one. I think the highest level and part of my comment around, we have $1.2 billion of cash, we raised the money at the time partly because we wanted to make sure we could do that, do what I call positive trading, knowing that we had to eventually take out these 2018 bonds to give us that financial flexibility to either purge pre-REIT conversion or to disburse dividends on a post-REIT converted basis. And so probably the largest one thing I'd tell you, David, and to the listeners on the phone, plus all the investors that I've spoken to over the last few quarters, is recognizing we're going to have some pretty big cash payments over the foreseeable future. Without fully understanding yet exactly how the funds are going to flow through the organization and what the optimal capital structure is, which very much is going to depend on what we hear back from the IRS vis-à-vis our request for a private letter ruling, it's just premature. In the end, we want to make sure we maintain all the flexibility in the organization so that we can get the funds in the right locations because the complexity of our model is vastly different than many others who are converting to REIT because a large piece of our business is offshore. And as I said, by 2015, roughly 50% of our revenues are going to be outside of the Americas. So for that very reason, you're going to see us refinance at the right time, recognizing that there's a lot of noise in the global market. We thought it was the right thing to do at the right time, but it also gives us the flexibility to now make some decisions on how we deploy that capital. We recognize we want to continue to grow, we got to take care of the shareholders, we got to get to the REIT conversion, we got to fund this organic expansion. And as I said previously, I think there's a scenario, if we deliver on the plan that we have set ourselves on this year, the fact of the matter is, CapEx is going to -- we're going to spend more in 2014 than we're going to spend in 2013. And as a result, you got to make sure you have the capital to fund that growth. So there's a lot of things going on. And all I'd ask of you and then the rest of the listeners is we recognize that there's a lot of cash on the balance sheet. We're half a turn under. But I think all it takes is a payment to the IRS, and basically, you're right at the low end of our range. And then a couple other things that we could do and all of a sudden, you've got a much better cash position vis-à-vis what our debt load is. So why don't I turn it over to Charles.
Keith D. Taylor: Frankly, it really is about the discipline and then just being able to make sure that we forecast and understand what's happening with the customer. And Charles alluded to the fact that he gets a very good understanding of his business on what -- where the contracts are, where the expiration dates are and what the risk exposure is to our customer renewing. So all that said, I think at this stage, we feel pretty comfortable with what we have. And to the extent it happens different than that, we're going to update you and give you a sense of what's going on. But right now, we're very comfortable with where we are. So dealing -- last point was dealing with the question on reporting. I think it's important to recognize that -- you said, like many others report megawatts, you have to recognize, we don't think we're on the same supply and demand curve as many of our theoretical competitors. I think we have a different customer set that we look at. And not just that you asked, as we move towards REIT conversion that an alteration of our market metrics is not appropriate. I think we're going to look at that to make sure we can effectively communicate to the market, what's going on in the business, recognizing we could have a different investor set or at least a mix of our investor set. And so we have to recognize that, that metric might change. But suffice it to say, I also think it's important to recognize we have 4,500 customers. The average size of our deals are a lot smaller, and I'm not so sure stelling [ph] on megawatt is the right metric to give you a sense of where the market is moving. So right now, we're going to keep it at MRR per cab. We might occasionally talk about it, revenue per kilowatt, because that's a very good metric. It boils it all down to, if you will, the base, if you will, which is really our consumption. And then we'll also consider other metrics. And so give us some time in that. As we evolve to REIT conversion, we'll certainly be thinking about what alternate key metrics we might want to share with the market through that process.
Charles Meyers: Well, the only I would say is that adjusted statement is -- in terms of comparing that, making that a wholesale substitute. It's not really a wholesale substitute. I think it is an extension of our products that we believe is necessary to serve the full requirements of our customer set when they implement multi-tier architectures and need a larger footprint option. So it's not a direct substitute for the wholesale space, it's really for customers that really want to do these multi-tiered architectures with us, have a requirement for a service level that we deliver, a level of quality and service and reliability that we're known for. And so I wouldn't characterize it as a wholesale substitute, but I would say that we do believe it is an appropriate extension of our product continuum to continue to feed the sort of premium retail business that really drive the economics of the business.
Charles Meyers: I think it may be worth noting is that the -- Keith mentioned in the script, the expansion drag, particularly in the Americas where we put, in the last 7 months about 6,000 cabinets capacity online, including 4 net new locations. And so we felt that in Q1. We'll continue to feel that into Q2, but then we'll see that ease as we ramp into those locations in the latter half of the year.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, I think that there's -- I mean, there's a number of things that I think that -- areas where people really require a level of flexibility, security and latency performance. That's when I think a colocation-type strategy versus a traditional cloud or virtual machine strategy tend to resonate. We see that in customers all the time. And so I think that it's -- it really depends on the complexity and the level of change that is part of it. So if it's raw compute, raw storage, those kind of things tend to lend themselves well to a public cloud type of environment. But even that, again, benefits us in terms of the relationships that we have with some of those providers and the Direct Connect kind of connectivity that we can provide to customers there. So I think that right now, we're seeing that cloud computing overall is a net add in terms of people being more creative about how they are deploying applications. And, again, certainly, a portion of those are going into hybrid cloud architectures because of either security, latency or manageability kind of reasons.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I'm happy to take that. So overall, again, as Steve indicated, pricing remains pretty steady in the Americas. We really -- we look at 2 primary revenue or pricing-related metrics, the revenue yield or MRR per cab, which, again, we saw slightly down in the Americas this quarter in the metrics that we send out to you guys driven by 3 factors. One, our Q4 number is a little bit inflated due to some accounting adjustments and increase to revenue but weren't recurring in nature. And we're starting to see some impact of product mix as we introduce business suites into the mix. But the largest impact is really just due to, as Keith said, to customer installs and terminations and the timing of those. And so we expect to continue to stay in a very positive range from a revenue yield standpoint. In terms of new deals on an MRR per kilowatt basis, which is typically what we assess those on, again, it depends -- it varies across our assets but continues to be pretty firm on an apples-to-apples basis. And in terms of the percentage that is in larger deals, we have a sort of a more ideal mix in our minds of what we want to see, and our business mix continues to reflect that. This was a quarter where we had, actually, our third-largest bookings quarter ever in the Americas and did that without really large deals. Our other large bookings quarters that were larger than this one typically had the benefit of some sort of very large deals in those quarters, whereas this quarter, we did it with a series of more midsize deals, as well as continued strength in the smaller deals in our sweet spot. So we're seeing -- and those tend to be firmer in terms of pricing. So like, for example, in our network vertical, we were actually up in terms of price per kilowatt, and then we realized we were a little down in cloud because of a few larger deals with some key customers. But overall, we're seeing it as pretty firm in the market.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And then relative to the -- to sales force evolution, I'll speak to the Americas, we're probably the furthest along in terms of the evolution and adjustment. So the sales teams that we've making and overall, I continue to be very pleased with that progress. The key metric that I watch carefully is median rep productivity. Averages jump around a little bit if you're closing large deals, but the median gives you a good sense for baseline performance. And we continue to see tenured rep median performance actually trending back towards historic norms despite the fact that we've pared down territories and redistributed customer patches to the new reps and seeing nice, healthy up and to the right median performance from the new rep population, indicating that the baseline performance is improving and that we should have continued upside potential in our gross bookings performance. So very pleased overall. I think we're realizing pretty significant benefits from the vertical alignment and get strong performance in our mature verticals and, as you said, record quarter in cloud this quarter and really seeing some of the emerging verticals really begin to perform. So overall, I think very solid and we'll continue to press on it.
Charles Meyers: Yes, happy to answer that question, David, relative to -- I think what you're hearing from us, and again, maybe Steve can pile on here on the back-end, but I think a solid strategy that we have communicated to you over the past couple of years and I think the courage to execute on that strategy in a disciplined fashion. And I think that even in the face of making some decisions around the churn and living through those headwinds and making good long-term decisions that will generate the kind of returns that we believe are there for us in the business. And I think the reason that -- directly to your question of why it is easier for us to deliver than perhaps others who might claim, would want to have a similar value proposition is because I think we are selling based on value to deliver to our customers. A significant portion of our customer set is service providers that have a significant revenue off of the back end of the services that they deploy into our centers. And they value what we deliver, which is high-performance, low latency, mission-critical reliability, global reach that simply others just don't have the ability to compete on a head-to-head basis. And so we, whereas others, I think, in a more broadly defined data center space, which people seem to want to throw all into 1 bucket, often find themselves with the only lever they have in their hand to win a deal being price. And they end up in a very uncomfortable situation in terms of margin performance and the subsequent capital intensity of their business because they can't sustain price points and really deliver value. And so I think that's why we are having good success in the market. I think we're seeing a set of secular trends around the emergence of cloud into all of our verticals around mobility, around various other trends that I think keep the wind at our back. And I think as long as we remain disciplined about selling into targeted application sets, that meet the Platform Equinix profile, I think, we'll continue to see solid results.
Charles Meyers: Frank, this is Charles. I'll let Keith handle the second part of that. But as to the first question around "server farm exposure," et cetera, I will say that as we have indicated, we feel a comfort level of level that we've turned the corner on churn, in part just because we have very good visibility to our book of business to contract expirations to how our customers are viewing their architectural evolutions, et cetera. And in previous calls, people have asked me to say how far along are we in IBX optimization, et cetera. I would say we're well-advanced in terms of saying that we have worked through much of the exposure that was there, and that was causing the elevated churn, which is why we came onto the call today and indicated a turning point. However, I would also say that evolution of architectures by customers as they grow is something that's natural and inherent to our business. And so it's not going to go away. We're not going to work it all out and assess them then never see it again. That's simply not the way it works. But by having good discipline on the front-end, by having solution architects engage with our customers to talk through how they evolve their architectures and by virtue of the fact that we simply do not have a concentrated business, neither in terms of revenue, customer exposure, vertical exposure, et cetera, we can handle a customer who we believe, working with them, ought to move to a multi-tiered architecture. We can handle that within the scale of the business. So it's not something that is -- it isn't going to go away. I do think we work through some nonrecurring exposure, if you will, that was just cleaned up on many years of trying to get after that. And I think we've done that now. We feel comfortable with our ability to turn the corner. But it won't completely go away. But we feel comfortable with what we've articulated to you in terms of what that implies for go-forward churn.
