Steve Smith: Thank you, Jason and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. I’m pleased to report that Equinix delivered a very solid first quarter result with strong global performance. Both our financial and operational key performance indicators continue to improve on a sequential basis. Reflecting momentum in our business globally and a healthier market environment when compared to last year. Financially our revenues in the quarter where $248.6 million just about the high end of our range and up 25% year-over-year and our margins can may even stronger with cash gross margins at 66% and adjusted EBTIDA margins at 47% both of our expectations. A customer demand supported another solid bookings quarter with particular strength in our European region we saw continue success without bound deal flow from US multinationals, demonstrating the value of our unique global propositions. Most importantly, our pipeline remains strong with many deals in the later stages of our sales cycle, providing us good visibility for our overall goals for the year. On the operational front, our IBX reliability metrics in all three regions whereas high as we've experienced in several quarters indicating that our deep focus and continue to investment and eliminating single points of failure and enhancing our predictive and preventative maintenance procedures are paying off. As we often said our operational reliabilities the number one reason our customers select us. We believe there is a direct relationship between this operational excellence in our historical and future growth rates as well as our market leading position. With these kinds of financial and operational results early in the year, we're well positioned to execute on our 2010 plan and then recurring revenue model there is nothing more important and getting after a quick start in the first quarter. Shipping the discussion to longer term view as we mentioned on our last call we began to operate within a three year rolling plan that supports our longer-term opportunities, which has a reminder we believe to be an excess of $2 billion in annual revenues. The key elements of this plan will continue to be our investments in our capacity and scaling our team to be able to operate more effectively on a global basis, while deepening our penetration into our key ecosystems all of which collectively provide us the differentiation and competitive advantage that Equinix and of our customers enjoying. I’ll touch on the importance of these investments later on the call, but let me take a moment here to quickly update you on a lot of expansion plans. As we announce today we have made their decision to proceed with the additional expansions in our Dallas and Amsterdam markets. Also since our last call we opened about London 5 IBX and we expect 4 IBX to become operational in the coming days. As a reminder and as listed on our extension tracking sheet we also have projects under way in New York, Silicon Valley, Washington, DC, Frankfurt, Hong Kong and Singapore. We are excited to add this at its capacity underway to continue to address the high demand we see in these markets, that the completion of these we expect to be in a very good position from a capacity standpoint in the majority of our markets through 2011. Of course also in the quarter we completed a very successful financing. Rising $750 million of senior unsecured notes 8% and 118% the sense funds will support our continued to expansion efforts and provide us the opportunity to better manage our capital structure. As you maybe aware we recently simply used $105 million of proceeds to repay our Chicago construction loans at 4% discount and we intended repay our European financing by the end of the month. This financing also provides additional funds for the proposed Switch and Data acquisition which we estimate where required about $300 million in cash obligations. The excess proceeds the long one cash on the balance sheet provided us with great deal of operating and strategic flexibility a key advantage during this period of industry growth. They quick update on Switch and Data transaction and as we previously mentioned, Equinix and Switch and Data received the second request for information from the department of justice and connection with antitrust review of this transaction. We are both complying with this information request, and are now in discussion with the DOJ relating to the review of the transaction. We reiterate our prior expectation of closing this transaction in the second quarter. Top core you team has been extremely productive over the past three months, so let me start here and turn the call over to Keith walk you through our Q1 results, over to you Keith.
Steve Smith: David, I’ll start and tell you that our commitment has not changed at all. We are completely committed to it that has been a long five months. There’s not a lot else that Keith and I can add to what I’ve discussed so far. We are continue to focus on a Q2 close, but the DOJ is doing their diligence and we’ve complied and at this point all we can really share with you is that we’re end of the Q2 close.
Steve Smith: Maybe we just cannot comment on that right now unfortunately and you guys just have to accept that fact that we’re complied with call the requirements, we’ve done that here recently and we are just we are selling at a Q2 close, there just isn’t anymore color we can provide you guys unfortunately.
Steve Smith: Yeah, let me start Robert, Keith or Jarrett can add in here, the pipeline as I stated in my comments is still very robust across all of the regions. So, there is no change in pipeline consistency conversion rates stages of deals and later stages of the pipeline. So, there’s just no change in the pipeline the pipeline is very, very healthy. And I would say tell you the environment today is much better than it was a year ago and certainly better getting better every quarter. So, our first quarters normally are not historically as robust as our second and third quarters in terms of bookings. And part of that’s tied to the fact that the companies are coming out of the gate in the fourth quarter and they are getting their budgets finalized in the first quarter. We do our sales tick-ups in the first quarter; we do our Presidents Club recognition for the top performance from the pervious year on that quarter. So, there is a lot of activity that goes on in that first quarter, that all kind of weighs in on the performance but all that said, it still is a very, very good quarter for bookings we do expect it to continue pick up as we going into Q2, we’ve had a very fast start early in Q2. So I would tell you that good signals good signs on the pipeline. Pricing, Keith you want to make a (inaudible).
Steve Smith: Robert, the only other thing I probably should have mentioned in just a color of what we are seeing from our customers across our verticals, I would tell you that there is three or four big trends that continue to come up in all our conversation with our customers and as that the great Internet, till that continues, so Internet traffic is at the heart of all of our conversations with our customers. I think Ethernet launch that we’ve put ourselves into is at the heart of a lot of networking conversation we’re having, the cloud is taking off so, you want look at any metric or any sizing of the cloud, there is no question on our pipeline, we’re starting to see a tremendous pick up in private and public cloud deployments in our pipeline and we’re converting at a very quick phase. And the last area to tell you that’s active and getting more active as global mobile data and I think you’re going see us getting more and more active in that space as the devices we carry around continually require lots of infrastructure underneath them to make all this mobile data that’s moving around, you know operate. So I tell you that the trends are positive, the trends are consistent amongst most of verticals.
Steve Smith: Yes, I tell you that really happens metro by metro and we occasionally see that there is nothing knew this quarter that we haven’t seen in the past. There are aggressive competitors on certain deals and we’re holding our strategy pretty steady that we are just not going to go below our proven threshold; our sales force is very disciplined. Keith and I have mentioned many times, look at any deal that has to go outside of the range that we get to sales forces. We just don’t have to do that very often so that just is a signal that the sales teams are holding pretty steady with the pricing that Keith talked about. So I have nothing on the competitive front other than there is more capital coming into the market it’s mostly aimed in the wholesales space. We’re not seeing a lot of differences in our space in terms of our primary competitors.
Steve Smith: Well, let me start Chris, and maybe Jarrett, you guys can add some perspective here, but I would tell you that managing the life cycle of our customers that start small and medium they become large is a big part of our everyday life in this company and getting more and more important to us. So we do have large customers that are growing and I would tell you the ones that are strategic to the heart of any ecosystem, we will tend to do extra things to try to maintain them and maintain key applications that are requiring the networks. We’re still not interested in big sort of farm deployments, but I would tell you with some of these big customers, Chris, if they are in a key ecosystem and they are magnetic in any form of fashion, we are going to work hard to maintain and keep a long term relationship with them. So you will see us do some unique things, you guys won’t see it, but we have some unique things that will help us maintain these customers. There will be other customers that over time they deployed a lot of stuff with us, that’s not relevant to the network density and they are pushing down to lower price points and it looks like it’s going towards a wholesaler model and we will not compete for it, we’ll let it go.
Steve Smith: And just to close on that, I think building and we’re having very candid discussion on global architecture. We had the table talking about the trends very frank discussions with our largest strategic or uniquely position to have those discussions of architecture and distributed environments for both discussions that we might had in years ago.
Steve Smith: Basically Frank, we took space with a partner we did a lot of research we actually announced this last quarter, but we’re very, very close on some deals now to go in and take that space. My guess is, we’ll take more space on as we fill up the initial commitment. Ultimately, our desire there is, if this partnerships works out as to move towards a larger partnership it could look like joint ventures some day. Keith and I and rest some of the other leaders been all there couple of, it’s a very good team, it’s a very good company they show well and I think we’ll have a lot of multinational traffic it will eventually start to go in there. We’ve got quite a bit of demand that’s interested in going mainland China.
Steve Smith: On the pricing environment I understood your question correctly Gray, on HPD type requirements versus going into older centers, it really does depend on metro-by-metro or market-by-market if you will, what the pricing environment looks like a, I think Keith mentioned pricing is pretty down stable across our marketplace. I think where we’re seeing pricing improvement is were getting more volume more interconnection coming into a cabinet, or if it does shifted to more HPD I think you’re seeing an improvement in pricing, but generally we are just holding pretty steady with the currents pricing that out there and negotiating half of that and like I said earlier we’re just not seeing any meaningful change, there’s pressure on lots of deals, but again our sales teams has done a good job staying within the ban that we gotten by. There’s no one due to pressure of it anything that’s going on that’s goofy. Occasional with your deal that will look a little (Inaudible), and again we’re just made the judgment whether or not it’s strategic to us not whether we stay in the game.
Steve Smith: I’d add to that is that, as we mentioned you guys many times we have very good process going here now, where the global team meets monthly and we look at demand and competition each market and fill rates and when we’re going to go restricted out of space. So a lot of it depends on the pipeline as Keith just said, a lot of it depends on win rates and fill rates and our philosophy here is to avoid being dark in any of these markets. As long as the demand is there and as long as the return profile is where it is and we haven’t shifted those metrics at all. So, we’re still making decisions on new build based on all those competitive issues you’d expect to look at the same return metric. So, as long as all that stuff remains, Keith and I, and rest of leadership team will continue to review cases and make decisions based on not being out of space in the market whether it’s demand.
Steve Smith: Mike, let me to start on the second part of the correspondence still they correctly something in back over the last 12 months, 24 months on utilization, how is it varied by IBX and what kinds of trends that we are seeing. I would say generally on all of our IBXs the fill rates are on plans with a couple of exceptions and even Chicago three that we talked about which was outside of that 24 months which is before that I think you guys near that we have a such a big build-ins start up slow and with the capacity downtown Chicago and it put a little pressure on with this was in our growth is now back up to where we wanted to be. So when you put invest in focus the sales force on these things, you kind of correct these things really quickly and I would say on these wonder just really at Ohio and Chicago we brought on capacity it just, whether as pipeline there, this activity there and jus to really to tell whether or not be utilization rates are going beyond on the track that have been in the past or not. So we don’t have any red flags on any that we’re doing anything unique to try to get back on plan.
Steve Smith: Yes let me Jarrett with us today and we can get he actually is driving this but I can tell you the Ethernet launch went up with out an itch we launched I think on April 12, we’re doing at in spaces we’ve announced five markets to kick this off we got the gear deploy and Jarrett has team have become later about 24 customers that are in the middle of contract negotiations with us now to get their jumps started. So we’re very happy were above internal targets we said the launches thing and Jarrett what else would you add to the.
Steve Smith: Now all that is focus dream predominantly on adding more emphasis into the interconnection space for us and providing the value that I talked about today and my prepared remarks the second thing on cloud I would tell you. Depend who you want to believe certainly the size of the market the phase at which people are deploying and looking for cloud with we want to be as much of the on and off to the cloud as we possibly can both public and private so we are cumulating in the 100s of deployments of cloud providers around the world the hosting guys the man at service folks that the infrastructure platform in software of services folks so there is a lot of activity, there is a general manager and a team focused on this around the world we have the sales forces are focused on this and we’re cumulating some of the primary public and private deployments and once you get a key magnetic deployment like that one you mentioned, other people want to come in connect it. So that’s part of the ecosystem strategy and that’s the core of our strategy and I would tell you that you’re going to continue to hear more and more success out of the cloud sector from us.
Steve Smith: Jon, let me deal with the first question and pass it over to Steve. If you look to our older datacenters, if you recall we really migrated on models physically to be(inaudible) I trying to talk I mean if you look at all the data centers if you recall we’ve really migrated on models physical capacity to basically sell those units. So, a number of years back really sort of addressed the issue of capacity and those by memory reserves we lost by 25% of the physical space for older data center. That all said, as you look today that there is – there the employer was depending what the deployment is and how our customer re-architectures or deploys an infrastructure into our facilities on numbers we’ll continue to move up and down. So, when you look at our total inventory capacity or what we call a net saleable cabinet, equivalent capacity their numbers going to continue to move around to address one customer might drive to 10 KW per cabinet, where another customer might be only draw in 2KW per cabinet in our 4KW IBX, and so we are always monitoring that there was a team that’s focused on inventory management inside Equinix and looking on per IBX basis and then looking at how the inventory in engineer around different employments and that’s why I think it something that we’re well ahead of in addressing for our industry and technique for our company.
Steve Smith: On the sales front, if I get into that, I just want to correct some, I said earlier to Sri’s question, I think the capture in the U.S. has been low 500s (inaudible) 400s, 400s was last quarter, this quarter is low 500s in the U.S. in cabinet. But Jonathan, on the U.S. or on the sales investments there has been a couple turnover, but we measure turnover in voluntary and involuntary as you know and I can assure you that the turnover, the couple of people that have left have been because of performance issues. But there is a big focus on sales investment and the company and general and we just feel at the time when the demand is still in our favor and we’re not having to create as much demand as we have in the past. Now is the time to invest to focus on these ecosystems get them deeper into conversations that Jarrett talked about. We are having more application conversation with our customers, we’re having architectural conversation with our customers and so that’s going to require training. But raising the bar we want to call higher in the organization, we want to go deeper in the organizations and some of that’s going to require investment training or a sales force and also more feat on the street because of the bookings target that Keith talked about earlier. So, I think it’s going to get bigger and so we are just getting ahead of the curve now making investment now.
Keith Taylor: David, what I’d say also just further what Steve said, the one thing we have in the agreement, there’s a provision. We have a provision agreement about divestitures or whatever. The company gets to choose what it wants to do, I mean it is still convicting both for Switch and Data shareholders and for our shareholders as well. So, there is a lot of flexibility in the transaction in the definite agreement how it provides for that type of issue.
Keith Taylor: There on pricing power and just our confidence around the conversion, certainly I mean you see our confidence in the guidance that we’ve delivered, clearly when you look at the guidance and you take into consideration how we started year with sort of $20 million hit, because of currency we get a sense on how much momentum we believe there is on the business. I think you got to tie that back also to what Steve said earlier on and we said in last call was, making a meaningful investment in the sales. Our sales force have the ability to convert business and convert ultimately that’s going to do as those people become productive is going to drive more opportunity into our pipeline it’s going to allow us to close more and the fact of the matter is we anticipate it should drive an increase in booking, not so much in 2010 but certainly as we look into 2011 and 2012 and that’s sort of the foundation of our three year operating plan that Steve has already – historically alluded to.
Keith Taylor: We’re in compliance with the DOJ and we’re ended our Q2 close and that’s really all we can share with you guys today.
Keith Taylor: Yes, overall it did come down across the board, I mean each markets you needs in the absent flows, but overall I mean to get to that result clearly the U.S. has to have lower churn that we anticipate, because it represents such a large pieces of the business, but overall, I mean we just the churns had a very reasonable level right now, and as we look forward we talked about the fact that it will ebb and flow, we’ve talked, I’d mentioned at least in my piece that in Germany there is a large content customers that we acquired in an asset many, many years ago, that before I asked Europe and they ultimately churn out into their own infrastructure at some point and that's what we we’re really talking about that. No lot of margin involved, so it’s not a big issue, but you’ll see it reflected we’d see reflected in our candid churn metrics and you’ll see it reflected in our MRR churn metrics, but it really doesn’t have a meaningful impact on the business.
Keith Taylor: If you look at the expectations for 2010, our focus in these numbers clearly higher than what we expect for 2009, it is a meaningful step up, as you know we don’t disclose your books as bid, but its north of 15% increased bookings. In many ways, for those who have already spoken to sort of well in Investors Meetings, do you think about the absolute dollar amount of revenue we anticipating selling in 2010 relative to the absolute dollar increase we saw in 2009, there is a meaningful step up in the revenue. So from perspective when you look at our FX neutral basis, we do expect to sell more business in 2010 than in 2009, and as we look forward in time with the investment in the sales force, we expect that to increase in 2011 and then offering in 2012 as well.
Keith Taylor: When you look at the CapEx, the project that we announced last year, which I’ve excited like DC6, Silicon Valley side, truly New York-4 Phase III and then you think about some of the other project, a lot of it is fund end loaded. So hopefully, when you look at amount of investment that we’re making in the first half of the year, and some of these projects of course opening up in the third quarter, at the end of the third quarter, you get a sense that it is a little bit more front loaded than is back end loaded. All that said, we’re reserving our right to look at additional opportunities in markets, where we could run into additional capacity constraints and Steve alluded to a couple of them in Asia-Pacific, but what we really trying to do is notable be of the size that we’re really talking about with Silicon Valley side of DC6 New York-4 Phase III. So well we continue to do we just make sure we incrementally high capacity and is many markets as we can to sale across our customer base and that’s ultimately what we’re trying to accomplish. It’s probably a little early to give any guidance on 2011. Our sense is that we’re going to continued to sell and as I said and Steve alluded to, we expect to sell more business back end of this year. I mean 2011 and sort of the front end and because of that it’s going to cause us to pay very close attention to what capacity we have and where we have it. So the team is very well disciplined around sort of managing and assessing that as each month goes by and that force is then to decide how we’re going to introduce new capacity into our market.
Keith Taylor: I’d like to just add one thing. Probably this is an appropriate place to talk about it. One of the things that I think people don’t realize the amount of investment that company has been making in. Looking the revenue opportunity of a billion fiber grade right now, that were built and/or announced. The cost that we've introduced to the model in 2010 is over $38 million of lease costs. All these costs that will come into the model and the question is, how much revenue can we generate out of all these new builds that we have in the U.S., Europe and Asia to offset that incremental cost, but we don’t saw an incremental revenue dollar, what we’re saying is that we would absorb $38 million of costs and that gives you a sense of the order of magnitude of this company has been investing over sort of the short term. I think recognizing that we do fully anticipate that it’s very important, once we get these new assets available that we are going to fill them up as quickly as we can with the right customers and with the right profile and so let me leave you with that.
Keith Taylor: Let me give with the FX first and digest your second question here. On the FX we probably try to do with keep the cost and what the guidance that we used coming off the Q4, the Q4 earnings call. So based the guidance we used for Q1 we have basically held that flat for Q2 in the rest of the year so we’re using 156 to 56 pound.
Keith Taylor: 142 sing dollar which represents just maybe a sense 31% of our foreign denominated balances. We don't expect per say any dilution through the remaining part of the year, if you look at Q1 relative to those guidance rates, as you can tell by we saw modest improvement relative to great that not guidance rates of $1 million of the revenue line $500,000 in EBITDA line relative to that guidance. So which is going to hold that flats for the rest of the year at this stage. We recognize that we’re slightly off spot price today, but there is lot of volatility in both the euro and sterling and so. We're comfortable of these states things this is as use that laid on a go forward basis and certainly as we get for backend of Q2 we’ll make a decision whether it's an appropriate assumption to me.
Keith Taylor: No in fact it is the $22 million that's the number we said 20 million last quarter overall now we’re find our numbers knowing before you don't see sort of the quarter end rates of the averages between within the quarter, but we take those rates and applied into a model basically it translates into $22 million hit to as based on the revenue expectations that we otherwise had before we start with the year. So it’s a fairly sizable solution, but the majority of that was really reflected in our initial guidance for 2010.
Keith Taylor: I think if you take that normally as Steve alluded to which is LA four Chicago three and you can talk about that even more, we’re looking at the physical capacity within roughly two year period and then there is usually incremental to that there is a three year power tail to so we don’t anticipate filling up all or the customers will not fully procure all of the power for optimal five year period, that’s what we are planning from a modeling perspective. So when you tied that back to one of the things we do as a company and Steve alluded to the discipline around our REIT strategy which is real estate and expansion strategy is making sure what are the team presented, how they are doing relative what they told they are going to do and then whole accountable for that and this eight out ten I don’t know two that was just referred to are added better than the target rates that we accept for ourselves. The way we measure that as revenue and of course cash flow EBITDA and that gives your sense of where we are I think it’s also important to know when we look at Chicago, when we look at LA four and for that matter a few years ago and Tokyo two, despite the fact that the teams came off slightly of the expectations, we want them to continue to maintain pricing discipline and we still look cash is out the door there is nothing you can do to take that back, what you can do is make sure you don’t do a bad deal to trying increase the occupancies. So we have be very disciplined around making sure we got the right deal in the right markets with the right customers and that really has been the main state of our focus. Don’t to the dump here was make sure you’ve got to the right deals and that will pay dividends in the long term.
Keith Taylor: Just to touch on the other thing you said about some of the size and where you’re hearing people are moving. So you said people are moving out of us, are they migrating or growing it. I think what’s important to realize, they’re certainly in both cases, there are customers who are going to get to a size, where they’re going to have to make their decisions, it was really important is going back to what Steve and Jarrett, and Jason, and I talked, but more network assets sitting inside our IBX is number one. So if we’re saying this people need a large amount of space this more commoditized that component is probably going to outsource to another provider that’s not really were at things are going to play. Also we’re going to focus on that core piece and when you talk about people pushing stuff to cloud, close back to Steve’s comment and you have recognized a lot of those, could providers already sit inside Equinix, we validates our model and so we know a number of customers are using AWS and they’re using ourselves and that tell me, that place into two of the three verticals that we have real stronger and in.
