Stephen M. Smith: Thanks, Keith. Now let's move to Slide 14 for our 2011 and initial 2012 guidance. For the full year 2011, we expect total revenue to be greater than $1.6 billion, a greater than 31% year-over-year growth rate, including $45 million to $50 million revenues from ALOG and approximately $7 million of currency headwinds absorbed in Q4.  Total year crash gross margins are expected to range between 65% and 66%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to approximate $320 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be greater than $730 million, and includes approximately $12 million in contribution from ALOG.  We are maintaining our total CapEx guidance for 2011 at the range of $645 million to $665 million. CapEx guidance is split between expansion capital in the range of $530 million to $550 million, and ongoing CapEx of approximately $115 million.  Shifting to 2012. I want to provide you with a directional view using current exchange rates of what we believe we can accomplish next year.  On our Q4 earnings call on February, we'll provide you a more detailed update on our views for the year. Currently we expect our 2012 revenues to be greater than $1.87 billion, at the currency rates that Keith outlined earlier. This includes roughly $27 million of currency headwinds relative to guidance raised provided on our last call. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be greater than $850 million. This includes roughly $10 million of currency headwinds to the prior guidance range. It is also our expectation that we can continue to improve our EBITDA margins over the next few years.  We see strong demand across the globe, and will invest with discipline to capture these profitable opportunities. We are on trajectory to surpass our 2013 plan objective of over $2 billion in revenue and have set a new goal in our planning horizon of greater than $3 billion in revenue by 2015.  We recognize that these are volatile times from a macroeconomic and market perspective, and despite these uncertainties, the technology trends are driving our business -- that are driving our business do remain robust, and Equinix is still a strong growth story.  Since roughly 95% of our revenues are recurring in nature, this continues to provide high visibility into our operating model.  We have over $1 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet, giving us the strategic and operational flexibility to make capital investments at the right time. Based on our current analysis, we expect 2012 capital expenditures to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million, including expansion and ongoing CapEx to support the strength of demand and our plan to achieve over $3 billion of revenue by 2015.  For 2012 CapEx, we have an implied expenditures of approximately $500 million related to already announced expansions, which includes $120 million of ongoing capital expenditures. I want to emphasize that there will be no change to our disciplined approach to expansions on any incremental projects above the $500 million, and we are confident that we will continue to achieve our targeted returns.  So in closing, our long-term growth objectives are underpinned by a world-class organization focused on disciplined growth, supported by processes and systems to scale worldwide and a capital allocation strategy that maximizes shareholder value.  Equinix will remain laser-focused on developing digital ecosystems that create value for our customers who place a premium on network density and require low latency to achieve high application performance and gain competitive advantage for their business.  So let me stop here and let's open it up to questions. So I'll turn it back over to you, Jeff.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. Let me -- this is Steve. Let me start out with that. So level of firmness, the $700 million, $800 million, at this point, is our best intelligence. It's our best thinking. And it will unfold over the year because, as you all know, we do quarterly fill rate analysis. And on the back of that, we make decisions every quarter. So the cadence has not changed. We do -- we gather intelligence quarter-by-quarter. We do a fill rate analysis. We come in region by region, and we make decisions. So that will unfold as the year unfolds the -- above the $500 million that's already been announced. And then in terms of -- I’ve got to try and ask Charles to join us today, he might be able to give you some color in Americas. But generally in Europe, the way to think about Europe is that the Eurozone sovereign debt banking issues have not affected our business today. So the quarter, as Keith reported, has been -- was very solid in Europe. And we're not feeling the effect of that. In Asia, in all markets, we're very strong. The only exception, as Keith pointed to, is in Tokyo and it has nothing to do with the macroeconomic issues. That had everything to do with the earthquake. And we're a little soft in Tokyo, and our team in Asia is telling us that it could be that way for a quarter or 2. But the great thing about the diversity of our markets and business, it's not pulling us down. So we're very focused and actually, I think, I mentioned in the last call a lot of the market in Tokyo is taking a look at -- in Osaka. We are also during that. So we're -- we'll continue to monitor the Tokyo market as it unfolds, but a lot of the customers have held off in making decisions inbound and in the country. But Charles, how about some color on [indiscernible].
Stephen M. Smith: I'd add one thing to that. As you think about going out to 2015, Charles and his team is also looking at double-digit growth on top of this at-scale business. And so Keith and I, for the rest of the business and the rest of the leadership team, are very focused continuing to invest in Asia and Europe to drive it towards the same level of scale someday. So that's at the heart of the decisions we're making here.
Stephen M. Smith: I'd add one thing, Jonathan. It's a good question. I think one of the principles as we build our plans for the future with our Board is that we want to continue to grow this. We believe we can grow this thing as fast as we want. But we're very disciplined about the type of growth we want to bring in as we've been clear about. And we want to grow at or above market growth rates. So we could debate all day long how fast our market is growing or the ancillary markets, but we tend to shoehorn our plans into making sure we're gaining share. And we believe we are, based on our intelligence market by market. So generally, that's how we built the plans. We think we're doing that as we're entering the future. The investments you hear about today are not aimed at 2012, they're aimed at the growth of this business off to 2015. So we feel pretty darn good about it, and our trends, our secular macro trends are very, very strong.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, let me -- that's a very good question also. It starts for us with the networks. And we have all the vertical and ecosystems off the back of the network. So when we say we go from 675 to 680 networks in a quarter, we're very focused on who the next target networks are and we want to get the Tier 1 networks in deeper into more markets. So we have very robust global account plans to do that. And then on top of that, all the industry vertical set and the ecosystems set, which take advantage of those networks. And so our whole focus is to go deeper into the current ecosystems, which are around our network peering, our digital media stuff as well as the electronic trading. Now mobility and cloud are the 2 new areas that we are right at the intersection of and believe we are well-positioned to help frame an ecosystem, communities of interest, and we're well on the way to do that with the platforms we're bringing in. We're very focused on these global platforms winners. There's probably going to be a dozen big winners. We're very targeted on who we want to get in and how many locations we want to get them in. So it's vertically oriented. We have subject matter experts. We have solution architects. We have people that are skilled in these verticals and that's been underpinning the sales time we've been doing and we're going to continue to go deeper in that. Jarrett, I don't know if you'd like to add.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, David, on the consolidation question, I guess we probably are looking at it in 2 buckets: One, the general primary IT services players, the 2 you mentioned. And in our mind, it reinforces our position as the only global network neutral provider out there today with a very unique value proposition, and just separates us. And yes, it does position us for more opportunity. And we believe we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of that. But on a more macro level, I believe our team here thinks that it's a sign of the strength of the market. And I think it's good for the long-term health of our customers and the long-term health of the market. So it -- both of those acquirers and acquiries are customers of Equinix and we continue -- are now continuing to grow with us. So it's an interesting situation. We're also watching it on the financial side. And as you all know, there's several financial exchange potential consolidations. But again we don't -- we do that as generally positive. It doesn't reduce the need for -- or the economic benefit that's being done in these carrier neutral vendor, neutral sites versus a captive model, a captive exchange model. So I think in all cases, we see benefit, and historically, we have seen benefit out of consolidation. So it is in an area that we're concerned about losing customers or share and we're very close to all the customers that are participating in these consolidation conversations.
Stephen M. Smith: And in mainland China we've had great momentum over the last 4, 5 months in the relationship -- the partnership we have in Shanghai. It is -- I would call it a tough priority for us to figure out how to continue to position ourselves not only deeper into Shanghai but into Beijing. There are, as you all know, several large Internet companies that are starting to export into the U.S. and European markets. We are going to position ourselves to take advantage of that and have some resource in Mainland China to start to build those relationships and discuss Platform Equinix. So we're thinking about it from both sides, top of the list for us, for sure.
Stephen M. Smith: The current relationship we have is a current local provider that we have a -- we took down space with them and we're reselling it with them through our customers around the world. So it's a go-to-market partnership.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, I think all options are on the table. We're looking at organic growth, inorganic growth. The BRIC countries, as we all know, for this business model, a lot of the companies been focused on the BRIC countries for many years. So our business model now in Brazil, with the play we made there, China, Russia and India, they're at the top of the list for us in terms of potential places where we can enact this business is model and bring the same positive benefits we brought to Europe and to the Americas. So we're looking at all options.
Stephen M. Smith: Charles why don't you take that because I think it's more prominent in U.S. market, what's going on between the wholesale and the retail.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, so Mike, let me just take you just one step further, and when Steve was referring to the 65%, 30% and 5%, that is actually -- that's over the entire CapEx base of $700 million to $800 million. But probably the most important here is Steve alluded to the fact that we go after the same economic returns. So I can take you back to 21 projects, specifically North America that drive 32% cash-on-cash return, and have effectively 75% cash gross profit. Now that's the type of investment we want to continue to make. Now having said all of that, Steve alluded to the fact that we launched the Equinix Marketplace this week, you think about Platform Equinix, and you think that all the proof trends that we see not only in our pipeline, but our backlog and recognizing we're targeting the right applications in the right locations. We're looking all the multi-tiered architectures to make sure we've got the right level of customer commitment into our data centers. It drives a lot more comfort in the, I think the stickiness of the revenue. And over time, quite frankly, we should see our volume continue to grow from a gross bookings perspective. And it's our expectation that you will see churn continue to moderate downwards over time. And so from those perspective, I think, it's really important that you understand the confidence that normally Steve and I have with the rest of the senior management team, but the regional presidents and the operating mechanism in those regions feel very comfortable about their ability to deliver strong performance against these investment decisions.
Keith D. Taylor: Well, we give you a greater than -- again, recognizing that we're giving you guidance for next year on the Q3 call. We're giving ourselves a little bit more flexibility with the greater than, both in the revenue and the EBITDA line. But looking at Q4, we guided -- pardon me, for 2011, we guided to greater than $730 million and next quarter or next year we're guiding to greater than $850 million That is about an incremental $120 million of EBITDA. And so from our perspective, thinking there's some implications, Mike, as you can appreciate on the timing of interest expense. But putting that aside for a moment, directionally, that's exactly what should happen. You should see a meaningful step up in discretionary free cash flow.
Keith D. Taylor: It's a great question. Well first as you know, we're going to set ourselves up to take that convertible debt in or around April 15 of next year. So assuming you don't have any incremental leverage on the books, at that point in time, basically you're going to use roughly $250 million, all else being equal to take that debt out. And also -- you also have to appreciate we want to have some level of strategic and operational flexibility with the cash that we have in our balance sheet to look at as we refer to bolt-on acquisitions. And as a company, we're happy and active we will continue to be active, and so we want to really have some flexibility around that. As you step forward, recognizing we have some limitations as you can appreciate with our high yield -- our first high-yield instrument with the restricted payment basket, we don't have a lot of, if you will, flexibly today or next year around how you deal with restricted payments. But as you look to [Audio Gap] we're well-positioned as a company to, of course, put more leverage on the books as we scale EBITDA. But we also have the ability to look at how we manage the distribution in of capital to enhance shareholder value. And so these are things that are very much top of mind in the company and something that we will continue to focus on very acutely over the near term, near to medium term.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, well let me take hiring first, and then I'll go on to the other questions. Hiring, we added roughly 120 net hires this quarter as you know. We put a lot of emphasis around the sales organization as we said last quarter, for all intents and purpose, we're near the completion of that. They're now -- the people are now on staff, if you will, and we're going to -- but you will fully, if you will, fully accounting for their salary and benefits because those only are for part of the quarter. So that was one of the comments. Number two, when you look at the ability to hire, particularly in the technical field, it is taking a little bit longer. And we have a very high expectation of our -- for our employees. And as a company, we just haven't been able to hire quite as many people as we anticipated. But having said all of that, we still have the same level we envisioned to put the right staff in the operating centers to make sure we run into the level -- we run in with the sort of the reliability and the confidence that people place on Equinix. So that must be something that we'll continue to work on. And part of the reason why you'll see that our spending will continue to be up. But equally so, we're also investing in our -- in the IT area. We're investing in what we call our global operations, which is basically credibility as the force that facing management, the electrical, the mechanical, the architectural of our data centers. And we'll continue to make investments in that area. So that's what we're really accomplishing. And then we have the seasonal impact of our annual audit and stuff like that goes through Q4 hence the uplift, if you will, in SG&A in Q4. But I go to -- when I deal with questions just on pricing in Europe, there's a couple of things. Number one, we -- currency is certainly impacting us. If you look at whether it's the Swiss franc, the euro, or the GB -- sorry, the British Pound, all of them had an impact. We're reporting this in local, I'm sorry, U.S. currency. So that's one thing. The other thing I think that's important to note, and we sort of alluded to that there's a number of -- there's some fairly sizable, what we call power draw that left the organization that had no profit attached to it. So what it did was effectively reduced the amount of revenue attached to the average unit, but had no margin attached to it. And that happened in the German market, and we experienced it in Q1, Q2 and Q3. And so for all those reasons, plus we have a lot of installs associated with the recent activity, it's adjusted, the price per unit slightly. I will tell you though, our view as a company, we are -- that metric that we showed you today is not something that we are concerned about. We have a good handle on what's causing it, and the operation performance of the business and our ability to get the pricing we expect is consistent with our needs.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. Certainly, I mean, we do have -- let me step back for a second, Chris. There's 2 ways to look at it. There's just raw land out here, where we can build our own assets on top of -- certainly, we'll continue to look as an advantage, a strategic advantage. Then there's the buildings or the land that we already operate, some are leased and treated as operating leases, some are treated as capital leases. Some of the ones that look at capital leases effectively has -- that's part of what you call the sort of financing debt or the secure debt you see in our balance sheet. I think there's opportunities in discrete markets or discrete buildings that we will continue to review. But we want to make sure economically, it's a wise decision on how to deploy the capital. And it's something we will continue to look at, but there's nothing to announce at this stage other than to let you know that's something we're actually reviewing. And we'll see where the opportunities present themselves, but we just don't want to do a bad deal.
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. So from a currency perspective, the breakdown is basically $13.8 and approximately $6 between sort of the euro, the pound and the Singapore dollar. And so right now we're using -- I'm sorry let me just -- right now we're using EUR 137, GBP 157 and SGD $128. And so when you think about that and the impact it has, if you look at Q4 relative to Q3, it's going to have roughly a $7 million impact on revenue. So if you just -- said differently, if you just add that back to basically the greater than guidance that we give you or use the implied guidance for Q4, you added roughly 4% quarter-over-quarter growth. Then if you look at the bottom line on an EBITDA basis, you got to add back roughly $3 million of currency in Q4. And so we're being diluted by that as well. And that gets you to roughly a greater than $192 million number from an EBITDA perspective for this quarter. And then if you take that exchange rates into next year, there's roughly $27 million on the top line and $10 million on the bottom line. And we're looking at currencies all this week, as you can appreciate Jonathan, the currency was better yesterday then it fell off today. We're using these rates because we don't really have better view on what it should be. And at least now, you can anchor-off those and if it moves one direction or the other, you get a sense of at least where we're going in and feel good about that.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, the RP basket today is one that -- roughly I guess, as a detailed calculation, but today at the end of Q3, roughly $191 million.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, we'll tag team this one, Jonathan. Clearly, our expectations are that we believe, given what we've seen in front of us and the analysis we do with the vertical leads and senior management team here, is that we can continue to scale the business faster than we have before. And I'm talking about in absolute dollar terms, not specifically growth rates because of some the larger numbers.
Keith D. Taylor: Great, question, David. So let me take the first one and then pass it over to Steve. As I mentioned with one of the other callers just that $3 million of FX impacting Q4, that basically just to the greater than, you get at or slightly above what our EBITDA was for Q3. Recognizing though that we do have a greater than and I think most people on the phone understand that we, as a company want to continue -- can be somewhat conservative, but we also want to make sure we're driving the right decision and get the right timing and recognizing we're not even in a budgeting exercise. We're starting that next month. We're going to go through a fairly robust budgeting exercise, much deeper than what we've done to get to where we are today. And then we can start to give you more detail on the fourth quarter call. But we are giving you a greater than today. And it's a step up, but I -- it's a step up in absolute, but I recognize, on a sequential basis, it's not quite as robust as we did this year. Currency does have a little bit to play with it here. But we're also making continued investments in some important areas. We envision making some investments in some areas, which we'll share more with you in Q4 call that can affect just the EBITDA line, recognizing as Steve said, we want to continue to see improving EBITDA margin. That is the objective for this team to set for itself. And we want to continue to work towards that. So hopefully, that gives you enough. Now let me just pass it over to Steve.
Keith D. Taylor: [indiscernible] is relative to our win rate, down in the field, win rate -- one of the things that drives our win rate is simply customers who need to feel confident that the capacity available to them to expand is going to be there. And that's what I think this represents that opportunity for us as we continue to invest in. And that's one of the big reasons why customers are choosing Equinix.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay. Why don't I take the first one? So with managed infrastructure, we're taking -- this first quarter, we have the full quarter impact of ALOG asset, whereas last quarter, it was only for 2 of the 3 months. And so it's not inconsistent with what we expected. We did give guidance for the ALOG asset on the last call. And we were -- we said $18 million to $20 million of revenue. It came in at $17.9 million, but they absorbed -- that includes $700,000 of currency headwind, so they're right in our sort of guidance bucket, if you will. So there's no meaningful change there.
Charles Meyers: Yes. A couple of comments I'd make relative to the sort of health and trajectory of the America business and the Americas, as Keith noted, we actually continue to see our new sales resources ramp to productivity actually ahead of our plans with particular strength in a couple of our key verticals where they're actually, coming up to speed a little faster than what our models would have called for. And we're also, as the number showed, that we're seeing really strong global deployment demand. So for both for -- in Americas and then exporting portions of those externally. So -- and then people implementing these multi-tiered architectures, all of which is derived from just really strong secular trends behind the business. And that's strong Internet growth, mobility, video, social media, all things that are continuing to drive those deployments for our customers. So as a result, I think that on the CapEx question, we're really looking at the vast majority of that going into markets where we have very well-established demand, and are essentially projecting inventory addition just to meet up with where we see inventories up. It's -- if you look at our Americas business overall, it's just a -- this is very much an at-scale version of what I think you can expect from Equinix. We have, in 2011, sort of roughly in the neighborhood of $500 million in EBITDA, and that includes fully absorbing all of our corporate overhead. You take out of that the roughly $220 million in CapEx that we had, which includes our maintenance CapEx, and you get about $280 million of cash being thrown off by the business. That can absorb the entire corporate interest burden of about $170 million, and still have more than $110 million left over in free cash flow. So that's just a view of what I think you can look at as these businesses rescale. And we continue to feel very good about the overall trajectory of the Americas business.
Charles Meyers: Yes. This is Charles. I'll add one point and that is cloud service providers are very natural fit for our value proposition. They tend to be revenue facing. They tend to be highly distributed. They tend to be performance-sensitive and they tend to be global in nature. And so as we look at those opportunities in our funnel, we get a high win rate and very firm pricing because the of the value delivered to the customers. That's a big area for us.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I think in terms of -- in all of our investment decisions whether it be wholly new builds or extensions or existing campuses, the competitive environment and what we see on the horizon in terms of other builds is always part of the calculus. What I will tell you, however, is that the vast majority of the supply coming out of the market, we view as relatively undifferentiated large footprint supply. And it's simply not substitutable for our core IBX value proposition. And so we highlighted that in the script, and that's definitely what we continue to see. And associated with that in answer to other question is pricing remains very firm. We think the value proposition is strong, and as a result, both our deal mix from small-, medium- and large-sized deals, we were moving firm in pricing across all 3 of those deal sizes and the mix is favorable. So we see strong demand in the market relative to that.
Charles Meyers: On the churn side, yes, I'm sorry. Relative to churn, I think that we are -- we continue to see a good trajectory and trend on our churn line overall. I think that, that's driven by a couple of factors. Very rigorous qualification on the front end, which is we're getting the right applications on the right assets. We do see some, what I would consider to be positive churn, which is us simply working with customers to implement multi-tiered architectures where a portion of their architecture may, in fact, be better suited to a wholesale footprint or something outside of the Equinix facility. And as we work through some of those -- but we continue to retain very high-value business and for quite frequently, free up capacity that we can sell at a higher price point to other customers. So that's sort of the churn dynamic that we face today and we've been very pleased with the progress. We always see -- there's always the prospect of some lumpiness in churn. But overall, the trajectory and nature of that churn, in our view, is very positive.
Charles Meyers: Again, I think it's when they have a multi-tiered architecture and that third tier in the architecture is something they may want to deploy elsewhere and that can happen in content and in other verticals as well.
