Keith Taylor: Okay, Chris. So Q4, like anything, when we gave our guidance off the Q4 call, we said that at the time it was roughly $300 million of SG&A. We knew that the expansions were going to be a little sort of somewhat flattish through 2011. That all said, when we go into specifically Q1, you got $1.5 million of rebates and refunds, specifically around the tax rebate in Silicon Valley, so we got a recovery of roughly $1 million. But we also get occasionally rebates from the power utility provider given certain programs that we have in place. So that was $1.5 million of benefit. So just couple that with the fluidity of when and where we spend our repairs and maintenance programs and expenses associated with that, gives you a sense that you can have a little bit of movement in any given quarter. When it comes to the restructuring question that you have, the biggest issue though that we -- well, [indiscernible] biggest issue. We have one asset that continues to have effectively a restructuring charge attached to it. And that's an adjacent building to our New York- 2 property. And so that ebbs and flows every quarter and anytime that we have to revisit our assumption, any adjustment to that liability goes through the restructuring line because that's where it was originally classified. So if you go into our 10-K or our 10-Q, you'll see that there is roughly a $5 million or $6 million, I think it's $5 million to $6 million restructuring charge. It still sits there and we get paid out over time. And so it's the adjustment for that assumption.
Keith Taylor: Great questions. I think what's most important, Steve alluded to it a little bit, we are investing very heavily in the sales. So when you think about it from a cost perspective first, we have not yet -- we're still absorbing and we will meaningfully absorb in Q2 and Q3 the full impact of all of our new sales programs. And that includes, of course, the individuals that all the programs to get attached to those sales people. And so recognizing that we have to figure out exactly how that's all going to time out how we're making [indiscernible] from that, we give you the guidance that we want to still be a greater than number. So we gave you greater than 6.85. Now it's fair to say though, when we look to the back end of the year and I sort of alluded to in my comments, we see the back end of the year being meaningfully -- we see an uptick in the back of the year and it's really, you should start to take hold or take root, if you will, in Q3 and really accelerate in Q4. And we had a great first quarter, a very good Q4 last quarter, but great first quarter. We're setting ourselves up for a nice Q2. But you got to recognize that some of that revenue had not yet installed, and that's why we made a comment on backlog. And so it's important, as you think about the year, we're setting ourselves up to have a big 2012. And if we exit at the rate roughly that we think we can, we have a meaningful step up in not only the numbers that Steve would be expecting on an EBITDA basis but you're also going to have an impact on what revenue would look like. And again, it's going to tie directly into that sort of Q4 and of course more specifically that December exit rate this year. But we feel very good about the numbers we're giving you today and we'll continue to refine that as we get more and more data and we have more time under our belt.
Keith Taylor: Again, a great question. Although as you know, we just closed the transaction this week. Clearly, they're already expanding in the third data centers that we expect to open in the not-too-distant future. So that's really the first phase of future expansion. But certainly the second piece is, that incremental to that expansion property, you can add a lot more [indiscernible]. So we can certainly scale in the Sao Paulo market, so we feel very, very good. It's just a little bit early, given the closing just happened this week, to get into the specifics. But what we really want to do is set up the July call for giving you much more clarity around this acquisition. But clearly, as Steve alluded to, we're very excited by this opportunity and we have a number of customers who already have expressed a strong interest in going to that market with us.
Keith Taylor: [indiscernible] Seriously, we're focusing on the right customer. I think you've heard us sort of pound the table on this one a lot as of late. We feel very good about the verticals that we're going after. Certainly, when you think about the financial or cloud and IT services, for that matter, network, no matter which vertical you look at, just making sure we're getting the right deployment in the right sort of data centers or IBXs. So from our perspective, having sort of strong intelligence, Jarrett running the marketing organization, giving us a lot of good leads and sort of linking that back into our key verticals, gives us the confidence for going after that right customer at the right price point. So I'll tell you it's more about focus. But we also got to recognize, as I said, when you think about the Switch and Data assets, which are now going to be fully embedded in the Americas region. There's some low-pricing markets and there are some higher-pricing markets, and so what we are going to really focus on is getting the right price point given the market that we're serving or the vertical that we're in. And so our confidence today is just really about focus and knowing that we have good solution for many customers.
Keith Taylor: In the end-user [indiscernible] market values, clearly there's certainly a lot of private equity just getting into the space. In some cases, they're paying a relatively high multiple. But we can't focus on that. We're really focused on running our business and getting the right economic return for the investment, whether it's through an organic build or whether through an inorganic bolt-on acquisition. We're comfortable that we as a company will focus on the returns that are important part for our shareholders to get, particularly out of that shareholder base.
Keith Taylor: Let me take the first part, Jonathan. I would tell you that, again, I was looking at the averages and like anything, we plan our churn at summertime. We plan the bookings and we look debt numbers. And sometimes, something will happen that will come to a quarter that will come out of another quarter. Overall, we actually feel very confident and I tried to sort of work that into the script that we feel confident, although maybe sort of a 0.1% or 0.2% higher than we originally expected this quarter that for the year, we seem to be looking very, very good. And part of it's because we're focused on trying to maintain the customer. There's customers as you know, and I'll talk about it a fair bit, that will bifurcate or will do other things in some cases as consolidation. And we're working with the customer to try to mitigate as much as possible a loss of revenue. So our focus as a team, and this is on a Global basis, but in particular in the Americas that is making sure that we work very closely with the customer not to churn. So we remain quite confident that the next three quarters are going to be better churning quarters for us. But it is, I have to tell you though, it is lumpy. And sometimes, it's going to fall into, if you will, the last month of the quarter versus the first month of a new quarter. And we have to deal with that. But where possible, we'll make sure that we've guided to it. But we feel good about our churn position right now.
Keith Taylor: Good question, Scott. I think if you take the highest level, the reason that you see the numbers vary a little bit from what we did in the analyst day in what we did, I think was on the Q2 earnings call last year, is now that we're looking at it from anything prior to Q2 2010, we brought in new assets. And because of those new assets, we have one asset was publicly dead, it's not performed as well as some of the other assets at our LA4 property. It has a large cost basis. When you put that into the numbers, it has an impact. And all that we're excluding today, you see that probably on the bottom of the page from a sizable perspective is our D.C. stakes. There's Silicon Valley-5 and sort of the last two phases of New York-4 for all intents and purposes. So I feel very good about the numbers. We feel very good about where we are from a utilized [ph perspective. Because we're bringing in some of those, some additional assets. But you also now are seeing the revenue capacity and the margin potential of those assets. So that's when I feel -- don't think churn's a big issue on this one. Certainly, it's an umbrella issue for all of our revenue activity. But churn per se, as it relates to this analysis, hasn't really impacted in any meaningful way.
Keith Taylor: So generally, as you can appreciate, cross-connects move the ebb and flow. And as I said, this quarter was a little bit lower than we saw in the prior quarters. But part of it is just to due to migration. We moved some customers into some of our new data centers. And so when customers move to new data centers, at times there can be a lot of pruning. And so what you're seeing there is some pruning activity. But overall, when I look at sort of March exit rate of cross-connect activity, and looking into sort of the first part of Q2, it's back to sort of its normal level. So it's more fundamental to adjust the migrations that took place as customers needed to scale their business and move into newer and more power advanced environments.
Keith Taylor: Some of the investments that we're making right now, Simon, the cost will go into '12. But overall, it's a little bit early. But it's fair to say that we are making a big investment this year and they are strategic. A lot of big assets will come online in the 2012 time period and I remain confident that we'll continue to have the same level of focus on any future expansions, as Steve noted.
Stephen Smith: Well, not yet, Chris. And as you can imagine, we've been talking about it quite heavily, as I'm sure everybody is that's in the middle of this space. But not surprising to us with the amount of volume they have that they're going to be the first people running into new technical issues. Our understanding was the software upgrade that has some issues. It was completely unrelated as probably everybody knows in this phone call to any of the deployments in our data centers. That had nothing to do with what we were doing. They're deployed in several of our centers. So it was a software issue. With the scale and volume they have, I'm sure they'll work through that. They're a very important customer to us and we're there to help them figure that out where and when we can. So I don't think at this point, it's our belief that it's way too early for us to think that this is going to slow down the pace of cloud or -- I think it's just part of the growing pains of a new technology.
Stephen Smith: I'd add a point David that, to Keith's point, as you guys know, we've been pretty clear, I think, on the fact that we're trying to get this done, the hiring done, by Q2. And the productivity of these additional sales heads, we're also hoping to be able to be a little bit quicker than that typical nine-month productivity cycle we've seen in the past. So we're bringing people in by industry vertical, they're very knowledgeable of the business, they're learning very quickly and a key to success is, we'd like to some productivity out of this sales engine as we get to the fourth quarter. But as I stated in my comments, this is really aimed at 2012, 2013.
Stephen Smith: Generally, pricing strength tends to follow ecosystem targeting. So wherever we're deep into an ecosystem, we're generally going to have strength. And so that can vary by market. So if you're in an ecosystem and you're doing exactly those interconnections that Jarrett pointed to, we're going to tend to have some less price sensitivity.
Stephen Smith: And in terms of the modularity theme, very, very important, our technical teams have been tracking and watching and working with modularity for quite some time. I would tell you, in some of the new builds that we're doing now, Silicon Valley and New York, there's modular design built in to those for additional power when and if needed. We're obviously paying attention to the new announcements in the market. We have relationships with many of those companies today. Our technical teams spent time with them. So it's an important factor and it's probably the biggest issue that our CTO organization is paying attention to. We're not unfamiliar with what Facebook or IO [ph] or any of the other players are doing. Our folks are very familiar with all of these activities. And so there's good relationships there. They have good customer relationships with us. We have a pretty open dialogue with them on a technical front. And so it is an important trend. We're paying very close attention to it.
Stephen Smith: Sure, Jonathan. I'll take that. We knew that it was going to take up a little bit of time to screen for the right talent that we were looking for and we hired a professional services firm to do that for us. So much of the time in late Q4 and early Q1 was focused on screening and interviewing. We've interviewed thousands of candidates for these roles. So we've got a funnel effect just like we do on our pipeline. And so we're in the mode now of hiring. And we've got great start in the first quarter and the order of magnitude with the changing quota-bearing sales count that we're roughly going to add 35 to 40 in the North American market, call it 20, give or take, in Europe and somewhere in the eight to 10 range in Asia. So that's the order of magnitude and we're well down the path. We will wrap it up in Q2. And very excited about the talent we're bringing in, Jonathan. It's going to change the game and raise the profile of the sales force in this company. We're going to go build the best sales force in the industry, in our industry. So we are really excited about the level of talent bringing in and, like I said earlier to the previous question, the productivity of these people we believe is going to go quicker and the end result is we believe we're going to have one of the most knowledgeable and capable sales engines in the market.
Stephen Smith: No, these are experienced sales people that have carried a bag, have been successful in other companies. They're coming in by industry verticals. So they're coming in with a knowledge of customers in those verticals. And their ramp time is very, very quick. So they're familiar with the Data Center business, they're familiar with network, they're familiar with our value proposition and that's why I think we're going to see a quicker connectivity of these folks and a quicker productivity. So we're pretty excited about what's happening. I've met -- most of them, we're bring them in here for a week when we first -- the first week we bring them on. And our entire leadership team is exposed to them and we have a lot of energy and momentum around that. So pretty exciting. And our Global Account programs have been completely staffed at the management level and we're attacking our biggest, most sophisticated Global accounts in a much different fashion than we have in the past.
Stephen Smith: Yes. We've been doing that consistently Jonathan. We're doing that for a lot -- we have a lot of incentives cross-border, churn reduction and, yes, the simple answer is, we've got pretty sophisticated incentive programs around the world that do all of that.
Stephen Smith: Scott, I think the only thing I'd add is, I think your point to that last bullet on the slide where you see the percent growth has gone up since we talked to you at the analyst day, I think a percentage point or 2. And it's really underpinned as Keith is suggesting by interconnection growth, power growth, the typical volume stuff that we see that helps the revenue growth. That's what you're seeing in the growth in those older IBXs.
Stephen Smith: This is Steve. I'll take that. It's a good question and it's obviously relevant with all the financial services consolidation and the telco consolidation. And we have a couple of thoughts here in the leadership team. One, generally speaking, we consider all of this to be a sign of the good health as these industries continue to evolve and provide value-added services to their customers. So we believe that this is for the long-term health of the market and creates opportunities for us. So the bottom line for us is, we think it's going to create opportunities for us. We find ourselves in a very good position today and we're quickly becoming the only network-neutral global player that is positioned to help all these ecosystems that we continue to talk about in cloud, electronic trading, mobility, video, Internet. And so we like the position we see. Quite frankly, the 2011 CapEx is a reflection of our belief in this opportunity. So generally speaking, we like the position we're in, we like the fact that we're scaled and reached to be able to satisfy all of these consolidations that's going to go on. And the growth is so strong from all these secular trends that it's going to outstrip any concern we would have in customer grooming or taking away a business from us. It's a very large market we're playing in. It's growing very fast. Our offering is very differentiated. We like where we're sitting today.
Stephen Smith: Generally, Gray, I would tell you that the overall trend is that larger deals are going down and that's generally driven by the fact that we're very industry vertical-focused. We're very ecosystem-focused. We're very focused on interconnections-type deals. A sweet spot of our size deals is a much smaller footprint. When you get up into the 200 cab or 200 KW-type size deals, you are starting to creep into where some of the wholesale players could participate. And we will occasionally been in that zone if it's a strategic deal and it's critical to an ecosystem. But more and more, what we're seeing is we're evolving the sales force. We're focused on a much more different part of the market and our value proposition is focused on a smaller deployment than lots of them.
Stephen Smith: Thanks, Simon. Good question. First of all, our view we presented to you today in our guidance is our best full year view. It's our best intelligence about what 2011 will look like for the company. And it was really underpinned by four key projects since we last spoke to you. The New York, Chicago, Paris and Frankfurt decisions are sizable decisions. You can look at that expansion sheet, tracking sheet that we post. We're also seeing very, very good bookings and fill rate and pipeline in Amsterdam and in our D.C. market. So we've got a lot of activity going on in the big critical key markets that really is the underpinning assumption underneath this. It does reflect the tremendous growth and vitality that we're seeing in our targeted ecosystems. For example, in New York, at our New York-4 asset, we're 92% committed today. That's a very large facility as you all know and underpins the decision for the next build. And as I think Keith mentioned in that Metro, that has become our largest interconnection market globally. Let me see, another one might be in our Frankfurt market, where we house a very large, the largest matching engine in that country. Just demonstrates the strength of the financial ecosystem there in the hundreds of members that are connecting to that. So it really is market-by-market driven, quarterly fill rate analysis-driven. We have very good cabinet fill rate in North America this quarter, over 2,000 as you saw. I'm not sure historically, that may be one of our strongest quarters historically as a company. So yes, these quarterly reviews, we're still going through the same level of rigor. We're still building in phases so we provide maximum flexibility for ourselves. But we, as I stated in my closing, we see a very large opportunity to really become the preeminent leader in our space and we see the demand to underpin it and we've made the decision to pursue that agenda. And that's where we're headed.
Stephen Smith: No, Suzy. Thank you very much and thank you for all the participants on the call. Thank you for your time and we'll end it here.
