Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. Our business continues to perform exceptionally well delivering strong and consistent results throughout the changing times. The pandemic has been a driving force for digital transformation and as businesses seek to respond to this imperative, the infrastructure underpinning these services must keep pace. We continue to prosecute multiple compelling growth factors, expanding our platform geographically, scaling our go-to-market engine to capture new customers, and bringing new services to bear that will expand our addressable market. We're evolving the way we design, create, and deliver our products and services to fuel our growth and meet the changing needs of our customers. To that end, I'd also like to welcome Ron Guerrier to our Board of Directors. As a veteran CIO to Fortune 500 corporations and government, Ron brings a unique perspective to the Equinix board as we continue to innovate our digital infrastructure offerings for the digital leaders of today and tomorrow. I'd like to close by expressing my gratitude to our more than 10,000 employees, whose commitment to keep our customers at the center of everything we do continues to drive our market leadership. They embody our commitment to show up every day with an in-service to mindset, starting by being in service to each other, which in turn allows us to be in service to our customers, to our communities, and to you, our shareholders. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure, yes, I mean,-- I think we're seeing strength across the board, but really the enterprise side of the business, I think is where a lot of the new customer ads are coming from. And most of those, about 60% are coming through channel, as we talked about in the script. So we're seeing a big uptick that said more than 35% percent of the bookings coming through the channel. And I think it's been really encouraging, We're really seeing strength with our top channel partners and really our top alliance partners in particular, who are really engaged in joint enterprise pursuit with us. In terms of pursuing hybrid multi-cloud opportunities and people implementing hybrid architectures. And so -- in fact, I'll give you a start. We had our top 4 alliance partners in this quarter accounted for 10% of the total bookings. And that's not 10% of the channel book, is that 10% of the total bookings. So really strong momentum with the channel partners and it's across a number of verticals and it's across a number of use cases, but real strength in terms of how people are thinking about using corporate data to draw insights, how they, therefore, want to store that data centrally, act on it from a variety of cloud resources, and then, also AI as a key driver. In fact, we had a big win -- big joint win with NVIDIA on that front as we talked about in the script, and so really great progress there, and I think the range of use cases is really strong. We had -- in fact we had an event today that we call Connects (ph) that was -- we had I think about 500 registrations for that event -- for enterprises talking about a variety of use cases implemented on Fabric and so we're seeing some really good momentum.
Charles Meyers: Again, I do think that that's a durable trend. I would always comment that there's some potential lumpiness in churn at times. But I think if you look at the trend line on that, it's been the line of best fit is clearly downward there. And so we've had a good year. And as we said, we expect our full-year churn to be toward the bottom end of the range that we talked about, %2 to %2.5. And I think the big driver of that is really mix of business. We're getting the right time deployments, right kinds of customers, right kind of use cases. And I think that's a lot of credit to our sales and marketing team in terms of what they're doing from a targeting perspective, and to our commercial teams in terms of how we're really sort of focusing the business. I do think it's durable and I think that's going to be a -- continue to be a key driver in the business going forward.
Charles Meyers: Sure. I'll start and then Keith can jump in if he wants to add anything, but I'd say this, other than some small 1-time items on the power side that had a slight impact on our Q4 guide, we're seeing power cuts pretty much come in where we expected for the remainder of the year and into early next year, I think there's more going to be the longer-term volatility into 2022 that we're really looking at. But as you said, similar to currency we've got a pretty extensive hedging program that really feathers in our hedges over a multiyear period. And we're about 85% hedged in the unregulated markets which represent most of our largest markets. And so our contracts do allow for us to adjust pricing based on underlying costs. And we're actively working to implement adjustments where we think that's appropriate. But, again, you guys, I think recognize our businesses is different in they were more heavily circuit based on our power mix. So whereas it's a little more seamless and pass through those costs in immediate power environment, takes a little more finesse to do that in the circa base power environment. But I would say that we act -- as I've said, we're actively working that in terms of how to do it. And I'd say that our experience in Europe with the cross-connect pricing increases over the last couple of years, really give us some confidence that we'll be able to go get that done effectively. So no doubt there's more volatility in the energy markets. So we're watching those closely, and we're going to continue to adapt our strategies accordingly.
Charles Meyers: About 80% of the -- about 80% of the portfolio is circuit based. And again, that's been a key to our -- that's part of our overall return story. We've been very effective in terms of driving sort of aggregate returns across space and power because of that circuit based power component of the business, and so in terms of its really more a matter of how effective can we be in terms of passing through price increases, underlying costs increase increases in the form of price to the circuit based power environment. So again, we have the contractual ability to do that, and it's just a matter of whether we -- I do think it won't be like circuit power we're going to where we are going to get every bit of that path. So but I think that we'll look at that market-by-market and assess what the rate approaches.
Charles Meyers: Jon, on the other ones, I say want. Look, I haven't been -- I'm an optimist because I have never been, I guess on the business, how it's performing, what the magnitude of the opportunity ahead is. A little bit of noise in the quarter here, but I think that we had a -- we continue -- the business continues to perform. The fundamentals are very strong. 8,000 [Indiscernible] been added to add in the quarter, 3,000 billable cab ads, record bookings really for the past 3 quarters, at least seasonally adjusted in terms of this is our best Q3 ever. This quarter great degree predictability turn, as I said, at the low-end firm pricing, we added another quarter of positive pricing adjustments that Keith talked about in the script and continue to see good momentum on our new markets. And if you look at big markets that we're relatively earlier entering in in terms of -- think places like Mexico and now India. Huge opportunities in front of us there to over-indexing growth in those markets. And then digital services is really -- Our customers are responding really well to those products even though they're at an earlier stage growth. So I think as I look into 2022 in terms of headwinds, tailwinds, etc, feel really good about the bookings momentum, feel really good about the pricing in our relevance to customers and therefore our ability to support firm price points. A churn looks good, good deal mix is going to continue to be absolutely key to maintaining that. As I said, I think the headwinds more on making sure that we continue to -- we talked a little bit about power as a potential headwind there in some areas. We talked about, I think continuing to drive operational efficiencies in the business is going to be a key focus for us to drive operating leverage. And then continuing to work backlog. I think we've got a big backlog partially because we've got some big deals that have gone into that. We got to continue to work through that backlog, certain deal types, tab slightly longer book-to-bill. And I think we're seeing that as part of the complexity of implementing these more multi-vendor, hybrid multi-cloud kind of deals. And so we're continuing to sort of hone our capabilities there. So if we can continue to drive those things, I think we will be able to really take advantage of the bookings momentum that's there. And obviously, we'll give you a color on all of that as we go into the 2022 guide.
Charles Meyers: Yeah. A great question, Jon. I would say that we're continuing to learn in that area and we're accelerating our kind of investment of energy in the -- understanding that landscape. And at the same time we are -- we're still digesting and learning some of the business around digital services and how to adapt our approach and build capabilities both from -- evolved capabilities, both from a design and development perspective, as well as from a deployment and go-to-market perspective. And so we're continuing to honor our -- cut our teeth there and really learn those things in that market. But I do think there are real opportunities there. And so we'll be continue to be active in that area in terms of looking at potential opportunities, both to add talent and technology and capabilities, and really learning that landscape better over the course of this year and next year and beyond.
Charles Meyers: Hey, Richard, but I hope that party continues for a while. I would tell you I think we feel pretty good about that business. Again, we certainly have -- we spend more quarters than I would like talking about when the Verizon term was going to abate. And so I'm loving talking about the other side of that now. We're really the scale of that business, tremendous sales execution in the region, both for bookings into the region as well as global bookings to the platform elsewhere. I would say we feel really good about the performance of the America's region right now and expect that growth rate is going to continue to persist at elevated levels. And then so we feel good about that fact. I think driving attach rates now to continue to increase the share of wallet with our very, very large customer base and bringing them some of our new services is some of the new area of focus and really leveraging our channel partners to do that. So anything to add Keith
Charles Meyers: Well, I mean, I think it was -- I guess you'd have to obviously, you've been in the story for a long time, Richard has been, but I think there was a period of time when we had elevated churn associated with really honing our customer mix and our core competitive advantages and making sure that we were focused on those that would say that was back in the early days I was here in the 2011-12 time frame, when we really set about honing our sales process and driving greater deal commercial scrutiny, etc. And I think that -- so we had a little bit of elevated turn as we work through that process. And then we had a little bit during the period of time when we digested some of the Verizon assets. We talked about the fact that we're a few -- several quarters ago, where we had deals that candidly just we're outside of the traditional sweet spot that we would be focused on. And I think it's the right long-term value creating decision for us to let those kind of things go and use that space and net capacity for advancing the strategy that we're really focused on. And so now, you're seeing that, and as I've always said, the most -- the best -- the best way to avoid losing a deal is to get the right deal in the door to begin with, and so that's what our focus is. I think our sales teams are really doing an exceptional job on that. Our new sales leader [Indiscernible] in the U.S. is just a dynamite sales leader doing an incredible job, and he's got a great leadership team across the board there. And so I got to give some credit [Indiscernible] to our [Indiscernible] in America. It's just a great team really driving that thing.
Charles Meyers: Sure. I mean, when we say firm pricing, one of the big things we've talked about it is when we had net positive pricing actions in the quarter. So we essentially take what we're getting in terms of uplifts on our pricing accelerators if you will increase -- price increases that are contractually built in. We offset that against any potential downward movement that might occur on a release. Our business tends to move it a little bit of a saucy within that. It's -- we'll see these price escalators over kind of 3 to 5-year contract. We'll get a renewal that might have some summary rates. And then, we will kind of go through that cycle again. But in any given quarter, we're seeing those positive pricing -- overall positive pricing adjustments. And that's just, I think, a reflection of our ability to sustain those higher price points. As you can see in the Americas, actually in all of the world, we've been sort of moving MRR per cab up into the right for a long period of time. We've seen some really strong moving in EMEA over the last couple of years because of the interconnection price increasing. I think we were slightly down in the U.S. on a constant currency basis, but that often and depend on the timing of installs and those kind of things, and so -- I mean, 23.93 per cab is just an exceptional number. And so I think if you look at that relative to the rest of the industry, I think you would find it to be sort of far, far away, but the best kind of yield in the industry itself. And so in terms of normalizing that for large footprint, we really aren't doing any really large footprint in the U.S. We occasionally will do an anchor deal in a facility, but we're not really active in the hyperscale or xScale space in the U.S. And we've talked about why that is in the past. And if you look at -- even in the other markets, we're doing that now almost strictly through the xScale business and through the joint venture. And so, that's not rolling in to the results that you see here, that really only rolls into our core financials in the form of fees and other things that we think are quite creative to the overall financial picture. So that's kind of picture on pricing. Pricing, I think on xScale continues to be competitive certainly, which is why returns in that business are a little lower but that's also why we decided to go do this through joint ventures where 80% of that capital is through a financial partner.
Charles Meyers: Sure. So I'd start by saying that generally, I think our team has done a just an exceptional job navigating the current realities as it relates to supply chain around the world that our bottom-line message has been and continues to be that we really aren't seeing any meaningful negative impacts to our business. But that doesn't just magically happen. It happens by our team doing really great work to go and make sure that we are mitigating the risks that are out there. The way I -- Chuck, we talked about it internally is really 4 kind of levels to the supply chain potential risks. The first one is really facility level or in other words, are there -- are those constraints out there impacting our ability to deliver projects on time and on budget? And while we've seen some modest level of delays on a few projects, those are typically actually more associated with COVID delays and they are supply-chain candidly. As Keith noted in his script, we've actually taken on some inventory or contractual forward commits to the tune of about a $100 million, that is giving us the confidence to be able to make sure that we can deliver our projects on time. That combined with the fact that we've got a huge number of projects underway. And they are all over the world and we can move separate around. Typically, it's fundable between sort of projects. And so the team, the construction team, the procurement team, the sourcing team have just done a phenomenal job in terms of mitigating that, in terms of IBX availability and the delivery timelines. The next level on -- is really at the services level. In other words, our underlying services check there. Our network-related services like Fabric, Connect, etc. and Metal are we -- do we have the capacity to support the forecast there? And what we've done there is we've just forward purchased several quarters of capacity to give us the confidence that we can support that. And so feeling good about that as well. The third level is really deployment level. In other words, cage materials and other things that are needed as people build out their cages. We've also stockpiled there. Occasionally, there are circumstances where people have non-standard items that caused delays. But if they're sticking within the middle of the bell curve in terms of what their needs are, we're not seeing delays there. And then customer level delays is sort of the last level, which is our customers delayed in terms of getting their IT equipment to loan into deployments. And if not, are they delaying or asking for delays for commencement and those kind of things? And again, while we've seen a few of those things, they just -- in the grand seal -- scope of things and in the scale of our business are just not particularly meaningful. So there's some, there's probably a little bit of pressure on costs in some areas. We've been able to take advantage of our scale and I think to mitigate that, we're continuing to -- people often asked the question as to whether cost to build as inflationary or not, I would tell you that I think we've been able to keep up with it from a design standpoint and continuing to optimize our designs faster than costs are going up, so we're trying to keep ahead of the game there, but I think our team has done a really terrific job of managing those things. And I do think that we're -- we expect that things will start to stabilize over the course of 2022 from a supply chain perspective. So long answer there, but hopefully that gives you some perspective.
Charles Meyers: I'm sorry, from an M&A perspective, I would say we are -- we continue to think there's opportunity out there, I mean, we talked -- I think John asked question about M&A in the -- in sort of the digital services side on the business. But there's also, we think continued opportunity in terms of extending our reach and looking for critical assets in the market that might be accretive to our strategy. And so, and we've got the balance sheet, the firepower to go after those kinds of things. And so we will continue to be active as appropriate. They're always with a high degree of certainty on getting the right deals.
Charles Meyers: Well, I think that when people start cutting each others throats on pricing. It will be real hard. It's not -- I mean, it's still a very competitive market, I think. And so I think that's different in terms of if you look at the broad Americas because I think there is opportunities in last and for us. Obviously, we already announced projects in Brazil I think we bring certain different, some very distinctive advantages there. I do think there is a ton of demand and as we've always said, we're not, we're not going to say we're religiously out of the business of doing that, but I think it would have to be under a special set of circumstances in terms of why we think that fits with the strategy. Because we're -- a strategy as you'll recall, is that we wanted to use those as opportunities to further our position in the cloud ecosystem, continue to invest in the relationship with the major cloud service providers, and broader set of hyperscalers and use that to create this advantage overall position in cloud ecosystem. We feel very good about our position, particularly in the U.S., and whether or not the xScale would be particularly accretive to that, I think is an open question. But we're not -- we're definitely not -- it's not out of the question that we would do that. I just think it's -- I think right now there are a lot of opportunities for us in other markets that we think are more attractive.
Charles Meyers: Good questions Colby. We will be able to give you all the answers there, but I would say and obviously we're not going to kind of give you a 2022 guys. But I would say that you're -- generally I would say we continue to feel good about the momentum in the business from a bookings and demand perspective, I think that we did talk about driving efficiencies and I think the pursuit of the 50% margin target is something we continue to be focused on and that's an area where we continue to have worked -- knew exactly at what pace we can do that, and what that implies for the 2022 margin. I don't know. And I do think it will require us to dig in deeper on power. And I don't think we're yet in a position where we can quantify any of that for you other than -- in terms of the hedging that we -- I mean, they are multiyear hedges, but they're feathered in. And so obviously do become less impactful as you look further out. And so I do think that there's more risk as you go out, but I think the good part of that is that it gives us time to determine what our approach is going to be to passing those costs through and assessing how to do that and to what degree. That is how much of a recovery we can see there, and we don't know the answers to all those things, and so I think we're going to track those, we're going to look at the markets where there's volatility. And I think that's something where unfortunately I think we'll just have to come back to you when we look into -- as we look into 2022 guide, and give you more perspective about that.
Charles Meyers: Hey, Frank. Yes, as I said earlier, I think that business has a strong trajectory. I think we expect that to continue, we don't see this as a temporary improvement. I think we're as a business, moving in a very solid direction. Strong demand from customers, good sales execution, and again we don't expect that -- and again, churn mitigating, getting the right customers right deals. I think that will continue to drive strong performance from that region. Which, obviously, is a pretty major driver of our overall performance.
Charles Meyers: Yeah, I think as to whether it really accelerates, I think we have to continue to look at our success in driving new services revenues and what the rate of new customer capture and attaches and those kind of things. But again, I think we feel really good about where the business is right now and feel like that's a sustainable growth rate for us.
Keith Taylor: Why don't I take the first one? And then, I think, Charles might take the second one. As it relates to -- the deal structuring between PGIM and GIC is very similar. In many ways the construct was developed off of contracting structure with the GIC while we work ed with PGIM. Again, delighted to have another partner in a different market in support of our Australian business. As it relates to our ability -- to the performance this quarter, again, as you've heard from some of our prior calls we basically sold out most of the capacity that we've delivered to market. And so we're very eager to continue our builds. We have eight builds currently underway in xScale, and the team is working very hard to identify customer appropriate customers for that capacity plus more. So I'll just leave you with is an exciting time for us in the xScale space. We're putting the money, the work, and as Charles alluded to in his prepared remarks and was $7.5 billion of capital is going to be deployed across 34 assets. And it's -- we still have more to talk about. So why don't I leave it there and just recognize that xScale in of itself right now is not a big component of our revenues or AFFO. But it does create some lumpiness that you've seen in the non-recurring line, which we highlighted in our prepared remarks Q4, we just don't expect as much of that non-recurring revenue as we've seen before. But certainly as we look into '22 and beyond, those start to see that step-up again from a non-recurring perspective. Then you also see more of the recurring piece come into play for xScale.
Keith Taylor: The other thing I would just say, Charles and Richard, remember this region's 75% utilized, so we have substantial amount of capacity that we have built and we continue to build in core markets. And the other thing I'd just -- as Charles alluded to, normally the focus that we have on the right customers, that our sales leadership team in the Americas and beyond are doing such a great job of selling the platform. And so the opportunity that we said -- that we talked about inter-region and intra -region is very real. So overall very optimistic about what we're seeing in the Americas region.
Keith Taylor: Well, first and foremost, as Charles alluded to in the end, we will -- just an outstanding quarter again from a bookings perspective. And more particularly in the Americas region. And as we just sort of talked about, the Americas enjoy the highest pricing environment. So there's a number of things that are going on. Part of it is sure timing, but it is also the conversion of our backlog into a billable cabinet that will make a big difference here. And so, there's nothing that I would say overly extraordinary other than we're just seeing overall momentum of the business continues to scale. Churn starting as abated or is abating, and then you've got a good price point with your inventory. This way we could be booked, sorry, netbook. Go from backlog into a billing item.
Keith Taylor: Well, there was a reference in the prepared remarks just to talk about Canadian business is better than our -- it's doing better than we originally anticipating. Good on the team, and they're also selling global platform out of Canada into our other assets around the world. As it specifically relates to the Americas business, I think it's very good back to some of the fundamentals that Charles alluded to. We're targeting the right customers with the right applications and putting in the right places. And at the same, by the same token, we've got an inventory set that they really caters to a diverse set of customers across, across the U.S. or the Americas as a whole. And so between the assets we serve, the customers we target, and the delivery of services that are additive to co-location interconnection, I just think we're in a much better space. Our position and as a result, we are going to win more than our fair share of the businesses out there.
Keith Taylor: And so Colby I just wanted to go back to again a couple of other questions. So there's 2 things that I felt I heard you ask.1. is what's happening quarter-over-quarter. What's going on in Q4? And there was a reference that we made and that we accelerated some costs into this year, so that's number one both from our recurring CapEx perspective and some operating spend. And we did that for a number of reasons, and part of it is supply chain specific. The other part is we alluded to in the prepared remarks. When you look at AFFO in and of itself, Q4 is historically one of our lower performing AFFO quarters. That's why we don't guide on a quarterly basis, we gave you the annual number and say, this is what we will do, and we recognize things will move around, but the reality is Q4 always tends to be a higher recurring CapEx quarter, and that's what you're seeing in the guide that we've delivered at a $193 million at midpoint. So it gives you a real sense. It's a big step-up in our recurring CapEx for Q4. The other thing is, as we have said, that we have had a lot of success in the business and as a result, the cash payout attributed to commissions that is more substantial than we originally anticipated in Q4, and that's reflected in the guidance. And that's AFFO impacting on EBITDA impacting it, so there's a lot of nuances. But overall, when you look at the fundamental business, it's performed better than we anticipated. For every single quarter of the year, we're delivering against the expectations we have set. And as you -- I think, you know well that we based our guide both on revenue EBITDA and AFFO throughout the year. And we're at a point now where we feel comfortable and now we're focusing on 2022. And that's where the energy of the business is again focused on.
