Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. Let me now shift gears and cover our outlook for 2013 on Slide 16. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect revenues to be in the range of $559 million to $563 million. Cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $123 million and $128 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $255 million and $259 million, which includes $11 million of professional fees related to the REIT conversion. Capital expenditures are expected to be $190 million to $210 million, including $50 million of ongoing capital expenditures. And for the full year of 2013, we expect revenue to range between $2.145 billion to $2.149 billion. Full year guidance is also adjusted for $9 million of positive foreign currency tailwinds from our prior guidance rates. Total year cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $470 million and $475 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the year is expected to range between $988 million and $992 million, which includes $25 million of professional fees related to our REIT conversion and approximately $4 million of positive currency benefit from prior guidance. We expect 2013 capital expenditures to range between $560 million and $580 million, including $165 million of ongoing capital expenditures. So in closing, Equinix's ecosystem consistent strategy, combined with our scale, network density, mission-critical reliability and global footprint are stimulating interconnection and driving solid business results. We will continue to make disciplined decisions to generate profitable growth and win the right deals to drive the acceleration of our ecosystem. So let me stop here and open it up for questions. So over to you, Heather.
Stephen M. Smith: Charles, I think the only thing I'd add, Jonathan, and as you can tell by the comments, as Charles is doing this out of the North American business now and then on a global basis with his new role. It requires focus and complete coordination between sales and marketing. And we're going to do more transactions every quarter. We're going to do less large deals every quarter, but we are absolutely convinced the total addressable available market for those types of opportunities is significant and it's-- our-go-to-market channels, we just have to keep executing and that's what we're going to continue to do.
Stephen M. Smith: There's another element of that, Gray, too. As we discussed it in the script today, is we're very focused at bringing these big public cloud players to have access nodes around the world with us. And that will also help pull the enterprises, as we've discussed, to want to connect private workload with public workload, increase of hybrid cloud environment. So we're starting to see that start to happen at a faster pace. And back to to Charles' comments earlier on enterprise, on enterprise, you'll start to see that happening in 2014 as we get these success stories and we start replicating those use cases. We're going to be able to help enable the hybrid cloud in these data centers. And I think that's going to be an interesting play because at the same time, small companies can go to public cloud nodes, all those public cloud node players -- platform players are going to have nodes at Equinix, and you can access those public clouds at Equinix all day long. And that's going to be an interesting environment as that starts to scale.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. Great question, Jonathan. So let me take that one. So the leases that we -- that went from sort of operating lease to capital lease, they're not going to manifest themselves through basically our cash flow statement. You'll see, obviously, in the P&L you'll see more depreciation, you'll see interest expense and then it will be principal repayment on the cash flow statement. So that all said, obviously there's a net benefit attached to that. That net benefit is going to be wholly offset by basically us entering into a ground lease for, as Steve alluded to, for the London-4 and 5 properties. And historically, we had what we had "build to suit accounting" for our London-4 and 5. Now that we're entering into a ground lease arrangement, that is actually a P&L hit. So basically, the 2 offset one another. And so there will be no net benefit -- no net benefit in the quarter in Q4.
Keith D. Taylor: Great. To start on the leases, and you're absolutely right, so we have roughly 14 leases with Digital Realty. Seven of them were -- are long-dated, so we -- they weren't within our sort of our purview or focus, I should say. So the remaining 7, 5 have been renegotiated as we mentioned on this call and then 2 others are in the processes -- the process of being renegotiated. Part of the reason that we did it today versus delaying it, some of these leases are coming due 2014, 2015, 2016. And clearly, it was important for us, as we've sort of shared with the market and certainly shared with many of our investors, it's important to ensure that we have longevity in our contact life relating to these IBXes. And so this was a mutually beneficial time for both our sales and Digital Realty. Then turning to negotiation, obviously, something we've been working on for a while. And I'll just say, it was the right time. Vis-à-vis your request on the specific details, still a bit early to share that with you, but I they will tell you is I think it's a win-win for both organizations and it's consistent with the market -- sorry, the market and the expectations that we had set for ourselves, not only in our guidance, but also in our cash flow metrics going forward. And in fact, when it comes to some of the other leases that we're negotiating, in fact as we thought about our -- the expansion in those buildings 3, 4, 5 years ago, we'd already contemplated at that point in time what our anticipated rent increase would be, given the fact that we're in a subletting arrangement with some other parties. And so from that perspective, I would just tell you we're dead on the mark and we're happy with the outcome and I believe Digital Realty is happy with the outcome as well.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, Jonathan, I would say, look, we're at levels that certainly, in some cases it's extremely fast and other cases, it takes a little bit longer. It clearly depends on the complexity of installation and what the customer is trying to accomplish. But I would tell you there's nothing that's out -- there's no major outliers that we see today that would change our opinion. And so at this stage, I'd just say it's roughly consistent with what we've experienced over the last few quarters and we'll continue to pay attention to looking forward. But as I said, it does depend on the customer installation, the complexity of that and certainly which market it's going to go into.
Keith D. Taylor: So yes, let -- so let me take those 2 questions. So first on the Singapore, the slight decrease you see quarter-over-quarter is wholly attributed to the fact that, and again I was dealing with it on a currency neutral-basis because obviously, the Australian dollar has weakened dramatically and so -- and the yen had -- has fluctuated over the last couple of quarters. But when you look at it, it's wholly attributed to a lot of this global -- the global deals that we're doing in Singapore. And they tend to come in the size and we're being pretty clear that sometimes these global deals, they come at more aggressive price points. And so that has some impact on the average pricing per cab in Singapore, so that'd be number one. And then number two, as it relates to basically the replacement of that capacity or filling that capacity that was vacated at the end of Q1, it did come at a higher average price points, which is good. But because it's only being booked, it has not yet necessarily been wholly built. We haven't seen the full value of that. So as we look forward, we're going to continue to see some movement that will depend on the specific IBX that we put the deployments into in Singapore, but we'll see it fluctuate around this to this level for the foreseeable future, particularly as we continue to scale with the global platform deals.
Keith D. Taylor: Sorry. And then on the second question, clearly, I think everybody is wholly aware of -- based on the trajectory that we have, as a business, and the implication that our recurring model has on the cumulative build, if you will, on this business plan. And so we have not -- we have not publicly come out and talked about whether or not we can attain a $3 billion target bid. At this stage, given the trajectory that we're on, it's fair to say that, that's going to get pushed out over a period of time as we continue to scale the business at the rates that we're scaling it at right now. And as you know, this quarter, on a currency-neutral basis, we are up roughly 3.4%. And then when you equate that into what it looks like next quarter, it's roughly another 3.4%, 3.3% quarter-over-quarter growth. And so the implications of that and the implications of currency, it does make it more difficult to achieve that target in 2015. But certainly, we're going to continue to push, to drive the business, accelerate as much as we can to grow it and clearly focus on driving our profitable growth into business, which is a focus on the EBITDA margin line.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Mike, this is Charles. Yes, I think that we continue to feel good about the overall progress on the sales force. As we've discussed previously, our steady-state productivity and the ramp to that productivity varies significantly by verticals. Our mature verticals, network and financials tend to ramp pretty quickly. Cloud, we're seeing some recent acceleration as evidenced by our results in the last couple of quarters. And enterprise continues to be slower ramp, given the more protracted sales cycles, which we talked about last quarter in particular. Although I will say there that we're seeing these green shoots of sort of marquee customers seeing the opportunities associated with leveraging Equinix for their hybrid cloud infrastructure. So I think there's some real reason for optimism there. Overall, most of the reps that we brought in, when we grew the force substantially in 2011, have either reached full ramp or in some cases, been managed out and then new players have been brought in. So we think there's still upside in the current force as the new reps mature and as we become more adept in the enterprise market. So overall, I think we're on -- generally, I'm very -- we feel very positive about the ability for the force to generate bookings in our sweet spot, and we're going to continue to define our go -- refine our go-to-market approach and active in looking at how we can augment that -- augment direct force with key channel partnerships. So that's a quick summary on the sales force and sales force productivity. Relative to backlog and book-to-bill, I think we see that as pretty stable right now. Again, we are -- it has inflows a bit, return activity and new bookings and et cetera. One thing I will say is that we talked last time about fewer large deals and Keith mentioned lower average deal sizes. That probably has actually a net beneficial effect relative to book-to-bill interval. It hasn't necessarily flowed through entirely, but I think that will allow us to realize revenues, which we typically do in a fairly rapid basis anyway, given the nature of the business. So we feel good about where we are with that right now.
Charles Meyers: Hey, Scott, it's Charles. I'll take the first part and hand it over to Keith for the lease items. Yes, obviously, we're pleased with the progress on the MRR per cab in the Americas. As we've told you guys before, there's always some volatility in that metric, so it's dangerous to be caught up on any particular quarter. But I do think that what we're seeing is we're beginning to see the benefits of the IBX optimization effort and some of the discipline we've implemented in terms of bringing the right business into -- or the right kinds of deals into the business. So again, I think we're at -- we're certainly at very healthy levels. It's certainly our aspiration to continue to drive the interconnection-rich business, higher power density implementations that are all going to have favorable impacts on MRR per cab. So certainly, we're going to aspire to continue that momentum. And I do think that we've got a very disciplined approach to the business that I think we're beginning to see the benefits of. So I'll hand it over to Keith on the lease stuff.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes, it's Charles. I'll take that one, John, and Scott -- or I mean, Steve or Keith can add any color. But I think that the -- overall, it's just that the dynamics are such that we're seeing this -- held in the sweet spot, but again larger deals, we talked about last time that it's really deals that previously were where the spread between retail and wholesale was smaller, we were seeing more undifferentiated large footprint deals close at market-clearing prices that simply -- what we simply don't find attractive. And so that is reducing those deals because we simply won't chase those deals at those price points, given the opportunity cost they represent when we can fill them with deals in the sweet spot. So as it relates to the business, we -- I see it as a fairly distinct issue in that we -- business suites is certainly a targeted offering for us, where we have the opportunity to serve certain key strategic customers, who may want to keep a larger portion of their total infrastructure need with a single provider and with one that they trust deeply. And that's the type of relationship we want to have with a number of players and so we very selectively decided to add some large footprint to the mix. But again, really not a wholesale alternative per se, but does give us an opportunity to serve certain select large footprint requirements. So and on a broader topic of wholesale and the competitive dynamics, it's interesting that many people have talked about blurring the lines between wholesale and retail, and frankly, I'd argue exactly the opposite. As the market segment, and as I've said, spread between retail and wholesales increase, the choice for people to move large, nonperforming, sensitive applications into wholesale is becoming an easy choice for them at the price points that wholesalers are offering. And again, we described it in kind of in our last call and what sort of marginal indications that has had on our business. There are certainly large sweet spot deals that we're doing: Core nodes for carriers, service nodes for cloud providers, et cetera, but these undifferentiated deals that close at low price points, simply are uninteresting to us. And it is true that some wholesale players have retail offerings or are signaling their intent to develop retail offerings, but in my mind, that's not a blurring of the lines, that's an entirely different matter and comes with -- that decision by a wholesaler would come with a very significant investment required to sell, install, build, support a large number of retail customers. And I'd encourage you to get a sense for that, all you have to do is look at our employee count, look at our SG&A investment necessary to support that retail model and compare that to pure wholesalers, and I think you'll very quickly conclude that players can't just declare themselves as retailers and expect that they're going to successfully meet customer needs, particularly heavily -- highly demanding customers, who need application performance, global reach, superior support, et cetera. So I really actually think we're seeing a brightening of the lines, a clearer segmentation of the market and the continued development of the sweet spot that Equinix serves tremendously well.
Charles Meyers: Yes, and what I would say is that we -- if you look to, for example, in the script, we talked about a Fortune 50 energy company was doing a network performance sub deal, which is really positioned to help them, not only with sort of re-architecting their WAN, but moving to a hybrid cloud environment. That type of deal, which is a multisite sort of 2:4 or 2:5 cabs in multiple sites, those tend to have a pretty attractive book-to-bill interval. And so again, as I think we see become more adept in selling that value proposition and landing those types of deals, we can aggregate -- can look like mid- to large size deals, but are made up of the smaller implementations. I think we might see favorability on book-to-bill, but I think it's too early to tell.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, I think we had solid performance across the verticals in the Americas as well. I think we -- as we mentioned last time, we are seeing some impact from fewer large deals, and that does create a bit of headwind, but as we talked about last time, and sort of on the margin and fully contemplated in our guidance. And then I think relative to your other question in terms of enterprise, sales cycles being a bit more protracted [ph] , I think a couple of things: one, yes, we sort of contemplated that within the remainder of our guidance and will continue to monitor that as we look at what we expect to guide to in '14. But I would say that a couple of things: one, we are seeing these sort of green shoots, lighthouse-account type wins. I think our ability to take those, package them, document the benefits with those customers and push them back out to market are really the key to us sort of shrinking those sales cycles and beginning to accelerate the momentum. So we would certainly hope to do that as we go into '14. But we'll be realistic and pragmatic about that and balanced about it as we develop our guidance. And as to the causes there, I don't believe they are really just driven per se by macroeconomic uncertainty or a broader enterprise anxiety or anything like that. I think they're candidly just driven the fact that the decisions of CIOs to move to sort of hybrid cloud infrastructures and optimize their WAN using third party co-lo, particularly given the network density that we, as Equinix, provide are complex decisions. And there are sales cycles that need substantive technical support, and we're building our solution architect team to provide that. And I think it's just a matter of really getting people comfortable with that value proposition, quantifying it for them and getting them over the hump. So I don't really see it as related to sort of broader uncertainty either with the economy or the crazy government or whatever else is going on out there.
Charles Meyers: Sure, sure. Great question, Colby. I think the answer to your first question is yes, meaning that it's probably both of those things to some degree. I think that it is -- that the metric was delivered, I think, in part to give some sense of confidence that a very significant portion of our revenue in these top 50 customers are things that we're sort of locking down under longer-term renewals. And that helps us in a number of ways in terms of what we actually see is that once we get renewals done it sort of reduces some of the buying friction and tends to reaccelerate our bookings with those customers. And so yes, it was intended to give some confidence about the durability and quality and tenure, if you will, of those revenue streams. At the same time, the other -- when you invert the 70% and say there's 30% remaining, it does imply that some of the headwinds that we have been indicating are there in the business associated with those renewals as we move through the 70%, will and undoubtedly repeat themselves to some degree as we pursue long-term renewals with the remaining 30%. So that is there. We believe again our guidance contemplates that. We're going to make good long-term decisions about when the trade-off between, perhaps, a modest commercial adjustment would make sense in exchange for term. And we feel pretty good about our sophistication in terms of making those decisions in the best -- our long-term interest of the business. But that is something that's out there. I think that we're going to continue to pursue those. I actually think we will get to most of them. I think occasionally, there are people who want to remain on shorter-term contracts. But most of our large customers are very interested in the discussion about how we maintain a more strategic long-term relationship together.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Thanks, Frank. It's Charles. Let me cover several others. One, as you can see in our metrics, obviously, the health of the interconnection business overall at Equinix is very vital. Added a lot of cross connects, 3,600 in the quarter. We continue to see -- I think we've actually seen now the waning of some of the headwinds that were in the Americas business relative to some network consolidations that were causing a bit of headwind there, and I think we're back to sort of very healthy levels of cross connect adds. So overall, I think we see that, that -- interconnection provides enormous value to our customers and therefore, continues to be a very strong offering for us. No doubt we've heard a lot about, or have been asked a lot about, Open IX and other sort of peering initiatives out there, et cetera. On the topic of peering, I think it's important to look at the issue from the customer's perspective. When you back up and consider peering, customers basically have 3 alternatives: They can buy transit, an option that's always been available to them, which pricing has been dropping significantly for the past 10 years; they can join a public peering exchange like our IX platform or the other competitive exchanges or they can peer privately. And when customers consider what mix of those alternative to use and where they're going to locate to affect that, they really consider a number of factors: economics, what's the most cost-effective way for them to exchange their traffic; flexibility, how easy is it for them to evolve their mix between those choices as their traffic patterns change; and then really the quality and resiliency of the platform. And the first 2, economics and flexibility, and the overall value really of any exchange to a customer really is driven by the scale of the platform. And not just the number of participants directly on the exchange, but the number of peers that can be accessed within the facility for private interconnection. And unsurprisingly, when you have a 15-year head start, as Equinix does, that's where we really shine. And so we think the depth of our exchange is unmatched and feel very good about that. And then with regard to quality and resiliency, we've got the scale, the commitment and the balance sheet to continue to invest heavily in the platform and we're delivering industry-leading performance. So the reality of peering is that customers, they don't want to be single-threaded. So the dynamics of the markets are such that there typically is room for an alternative exchange in most markets. In some cases, we are actually the secondary exchange, but we've always maintained the position that competition is good for the customer. And so if you go specifically to say Open IX or some of these other ones, there may, in fact, be an opportunity for them to establish presence, but as long as we price our services competitively and deliver superior value for that price, we believe the impact to our business will be minimal, especially in light of the fact that peering revenues represent a very small fraction of our total interconnection revenues. So our -- we're very excited about the overall trend and trajectory on our interconnection business, continue to invest heavily in it and feel very good about it.
Charles Meyers: Well, again, as I mentioned, I think you're seeing the benefits of the disciplined approach, our focus on interconnection-rich deals. It's pretty easy to do the math when you look at a relatively small deal. Let's take a 5-cabinet implementation and say, if you add 5 or 10 cross connects to that, what does that do to your MRR per kilowatt or MRR per cab? It can be pretty substantial. And so this level of focus is really important. And as we've moved through the IBX optimization process, moved some customers, at least the large print -- footprint portions of their infrastructure out of Equinix into more aggressively priced products and maintain their more network-rich or interconnection-rich implementations, we believe that, that would have a positive impact. And that is, in fact, beginning to materialize. So there is -- again, it's something that I think has some volatility in it. So we don't want to get too carried away with a single quarter, but I do think we're beginning to see that. Those deals are very attractive from an economic standpoint on an MRR and an EBITDA-generated per cab. And as importantly, they tend to be very sticky in terms of churn risk. So those are all the dynamics that have led us to manage the business as we have for the last several years and give us confidence that we're on to the right strategy and that we have a high ability to execute on them.
Charles Meyers: Yes, absolutely. And Steve or Keith can comment on this as well. But we definitely see that cloud is actually, and we talked about this in the past, it's actually an interesting entry level option for most folks. It's a completely variable cost model. It allows them to stand up infrastructure quickly. And as we've said, often, we're actually seeing that new entrants may be moving to that model increasingly rather than buying a cab or 2 from us and so -- but what we then see later is that as they scale and their requirements become more sophisticated and their AWS build grows, they very frequently look at how to move to a hybrid model and move certain workloads into a co-location environment or develop -- and/or develop a hybrid cloud architecture. And so we have actually had several examples of that. We have several documented case studies, where customers are doing that effectively within Equinix. And again, we believe that's one of several major vectors within the cloud growth opportunity for us. So absolutely, that is out there. And we think it's a win-win. We think public cloud is a major development for enterprise CIOs, and they're going to make significant use of it. But we're going to also be net beneficiaries, in that as they sort of balance that with a hybrid cloud architecture for security performance and cost reasons.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes, I get that question a lot, Sterling. And what I would say is that was really at least one major factor underlying the essence of the IBX optimization effort was identifying those and moving them, engaging them and in discussion about what their -- what was in their long-term best interest and moving them, some of them to -- many of those customers to these multitiered architectures. And that was really the underlying dynamic behind the elevated churn that we saw for several quarters. So now I would say, there is still work to be done there. And we certainly have not done that with every customer. And it's often difficult until you sit down with a customer and really engage them at an application level in their -- in a discussion with them at the application level that says, what are you really doing inside of your architecture and what are your long-term plans? It really -- you really don't often know what's in there until you have that discussion. And so I expect that we are going to see that the migration from a sort of more homogenous implementation or a monolithic implementation into these multitiered architectures is a reality we're going to face. And by the way, I guess what I'd say is that I think we feel like we can accommodate that within our sort of what we feel is a base level of frictional churn. And that's kind of the dynamic we're moving towards. I don't think I can pinpoint exactly how much existing nascent exposure there is, but I think we've made great progress in addressing it and we'll continue to be very focused on working with our customers in that regard.
