Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. So in closing, we continue to deliver solid performance this year. Our strategy is working and we are executing at a high rate as we expand the depth, scale and reach of Platform Equinix and see continued momentum in existing and emerging ecosystems. The metrics that reflect our unique value continue to increase, including our multi-region customer deployments, traction with Fortune 500 customers and interconnection penetration. We are accelerating the growth of our ecosystems by bringing more network and cloud service providers to Platform Equinix, expanding the growth of our indirect channel and enhancing our product set to position our company to deliver even greater value to our customers going forward. So let me stop here, and we'll open it up for questions. I'll turn it over to you, Christine.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, this is Steve. Let me just kind of give you a baseline of there's – we've mentioned this in previous calls that there is some 40 to 50 subsea cable projects that have been going on for several quarters. We've announced several wins to date. Our intent around these is to help land these cables that today the technology is so advanced they can bring them further inland to where our data centers are located. We look very attractive because we have so many data centers located around the world. And once they turn these cables on, some of it will be dedicated, some of it would be undedicated, and the notion is that we can charge – we can obviously monetize space, power, and interconnection as they move that traffic around the world. So it's a very good win for us to land these things initially, but then when they finally turn these cables on, we're going to be able to interconnect that information and all that social media traffic and mobile traffic that all these hyperscalers are predicting are going to traverse the earth over the next decade. So a lot of the business is to come.
Stephen M. Smith: And then, Simon, in China, China, we have six assets today that are in the Shanghai region in a joint venture partner that we've announced that we're working on to work with us closely to accommodate the licensing requirements we need to go deeper into the market. Our aspirations are to move up to the Beijing market over time. We have a very good joint venture partner that we're finalizing the terms. We've announced that company. It's a company called Datang and they are very well connected into the government circles and are providing us all the partnership benefits that you would expect to work with local companies. Most of the traffic we're still seeing coming into PRC is inbound enterprise multinationals that need a safe pair of hands in China when they're setting up operations and majority of our business still is multinational traffic coming in. That will change over time as we get deeper into the partnership with Datang and we start to take on some local companies.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, it could very well happen in '18.We're working hard on- our partner has access to land and to buildings and all the required things you need to move into a market like that. So it could very well happen in 2018.
Stephen M. Smith: And on the M&A front, Colby, I would tell you that still the top priority for this team is reaching new markets and extending our networking and cloud platform to extend it into Equinix is the top priorities. The markets are the same. We're looking in Southeast Asia, we're looking in South Korea, India, South Africa deeper into Latin America. That's where the regional teams have activity going, corporate development activity. I would tell you there's no shortage of opportunities. We're going to qualify and be very targeted, but if it moves the needle for us on new market or moves the needle for us on network and cloud density, it'll be of interest and we'll probably have a look. I don't know Keith if you'd add anything there.
Stephen M. Smith: And on the wins to-date on the question, Lukas, we actually have around 28 metros that would be cable landing enabled meaning that our IBXs were close enough to the coast to be able to support a cable landing station deployment. We've announced publicly that we've won 15 today, there's eight in operation and seven are under construction, meaning they're deploying and getting ready to setup. So per the earlier question, many of these cables have not yet even been turned on yet. These are all funded by the biggest hyperscalers in the world with their desire to have more capacity for all this traffic that's going to traverse the Earth over the coming decade. So, the turn up of these things will continue to happen. There's another 20 to 30 more projects that we are aware of that are ongoing and we're pursuing with business development teams. So, this is a high priority for us.
Stephen M. Smith: And John, I would point back to what Charles talked about earlier on these horizontal use cases. So, it would be a combination of everything underneath an umbrella, most companies today are moving their businesses to a digital enablement model. So they're moving some applications to the hybrid multicloud architecture, they're optimizing their networks, they're transforming them. They're moving more data to distribute it around the world where the people and customers are, so they need more analytics out of the edge. They're moving their communications capabilities all over the world, their data centers are consolidating, so many enterprises are getting out of the data center business, moving some applications to the public cloud, moving some to the colo and keeping some on-premise. The concept that the edge computing model is underpinning a lot of these requirements we're seeing, so it's a combination of those things that we see across multiple industries.
Stephen M. Smith: Robert, on the churn question the easy answer this quarter is (1:04:45) somewhat consistent with what we reported on an overall basis. So on the acquisitions are relative – or the inorganic versus the organic is roughly the same.
Charles J. Meyers: Well, I would add one more on the China, I think, which is – and it's not unique to China, but it is that this is a typical pattern for us, which is when we often work with players, in their home market, often they don't have an immediate need for us. They may either own data center assets or they may have other partners that they're using. But, we go in with that global value proposition and as they expand our business globally, they need somebody to help them do that. And we've been very successful in winning these customers, not only in their content digital media businesses, but in their cloud aspirations, and that's been a major impact. And now, what happens and this happens a lot is we win that business, gain credibility with them and then often come back to the home market and are able to win business due to our extended relationship. And so, that's definitely something we're seeing.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. I might add two things. One, asset acquisitions like this – we're finding is a really ideal scenario in that, you don't have to do a sales force integration, move accounts around, figure out who's on first base, et cetera. Instead, you take the assets in, you say this is available capacity, we enable our sales team to come up to speed on that quickly, and begin selling into it aggressively. And we definitely saw that. In fact, I think we probably were a bit surprised at how effective the sales force was in immediately positioning these assets to their customers. And obviously, there's some tremendously high-quality assets in that portfolio. And then you combine that with the fact that now these customers who had their services with the provider who they were questioning their long-term commitment to that business are now in a position of saying this is a customer who's absolutely committed to this, it's central to what they do, it's the only thing they do, they're the market leader, and they have an increased level of confidence to go ahead and spend behind that. And those two things in combination I think have really fueled the acquisition's performance.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, Vincent. This is Charles. So we see continued sustained demand from hyperscalers. I mean, we're having great success in selling them on various elements of their architecture. Our particular focus has always been on their network nodes and their private interconnection nodes, which we think are a central piece of building the cloud ecosystem and creating magnetism and fueling the ecosystem strategy that we have been so successful with. We also, though, are seeing continued large footprint demand particularly from the hyperscalers. And as you know, we've been pretty selective about that business in the past, but we're hearing those hyperscalers, say 'Look, we really would like you to step up and provide some of those elements of our architecture in key locations for us as in our partner of choice, as an infrastructure partner of choice for us.' And we believe that stepping up and being more aggressive in that with a very select set of customers is the appropriate move for us. Their architectures are evolving in ways that we want to make sure that we're anticipating and staying in front of. We really feel like we need to maintain centrality in the cloud ecosystem, and these players, the ones that as you might imagine, are the ones we're focused on, are shaping that ecosystem quite aggressively. And so, what we're going to do is we're going to say, 'Look, we will work with you. We'll allocate some of our capital towards large footprint demand with those customers. We will optimize design construction, and deployment of those facilities to meet their needs. And then we'll be creative about how we finance that in terms of probably some combination over time of both on balance sheet and off balance sheet financing, which gives us the leverage that we need to serve those needs. So that's what we're up to. We're continuing to staff a team to help us do that effectively. The response from those customers has been extremely positive. And so we'll keep you updated as we continue to progress with that.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes, Mike, I'll comment on that one and I think probably all of us having spent a lot of time with customers can comment on some of the enterprise applications that we're seeing really fuel the demand and particularly strengthen our new logo capture, which as you saw, we set records across all of our verticals in that regard. But starting with your question relative to the interconnection product portfolio, as you might imagine, we bring some very unique strengths to the table in terms of geographic coverage as well as cloud density. And what we've been hearing from our customers is, 'Look, we want to take full advantage of that. And so that's really what we've gone to work on and sharpened our pencil about saying, 'How do we provide ubiquity of access to the cloud destinations that our customers need from a geographic standpoint and from a cloud destination standpoint? And how do we make that as easy to use and consume as possible?' And so I'll kind of just leave it there and tell you, those are the areas of focus that we have in terms of extending the portfolio, and I would ask you to sort of keep your eyes out for more formal announcements that will be coming towards the end of this quarter.
Charles J. Meyers: Steve, one more I might mention is that honestly it has been a little surprising to me the strength of it has been manufacturing. We've seen incredible demand from manufacturing companies who are looking to do a variety of things ranging from supply chain management activities to data management to industrial Internet type use cases. And so that's a pretty exciting area for us. And then one more comment, which would be I would say that we're seeing a higher propensity – a better success with what I would consider horizontal use cases. And so the good news about that is we're able to educate our sales teams on those use cases with a little bit of a vertical wrapper around it, but go send them out with something they understand well and that seems to be getting resonance across a wide variety of verticals. And so we definitely have both our sales teams and our solution architect teams who have some good vertical expertise, but horizontal use cases seem to be the wave right now.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, they are. I mean when you really look at it, you may have a particular right now where we're probably doing a bit more of sell-with activity than pure sell through. They might be a little higher in that you may be paying an end user rep to engage and co-sell with a channel partner. But when you really look at customer lifetime value and the cost of sale therefore in the context of a fairly long contract with strong margins, the incremental cost of sale is fairly small. So I would say on balance, they're similar economics. I would say that since enterprise is really over-indexing in growth and we really have a business that is – service providers continue to be very strong for us across a range of cloud service providers, networks, others. But on the enterprise side, I would say I think they could eventually be – the majority of our bookings could come through the channel on the enterprise side as offerings mature in the market and they're able to pull them through more effectively.
Charles J. Meyers: Colby, maybe I'll comment on the Americas cross connects and let Keith and Steve add to that and address the M&A question. But overall, I would say that we continue to be very pleased with sort of the interconnection performance. Obviously 17% year-over-year growth on interconnection is really demonstrating strong performance in this area and speaks to I think the depth of our value proposition in that. Having said that, the cross connect counts probably three things that I would comment on: one, we are seeing some implementation of a 100 gig from our most sophisticated players who are implementing optics and would be able to aggregate traffic and groom their cross connect population and that does create some churn on the cross connect, but it increases the overall sort of traffic and throughput on the platform, which we think is a good thing over time. And so we are seeing some of that. We're also seeing the backend of I think some of the industry consolidation, which has been rampant in networks over the last several years . It takes them time to sort of integrate their core nodes and sort of groom traffic. And so we're seeing some of that. But what we really keep our eye on is gross, right, because you are going to see some churn on for some of these other reasons, but gross has been – continue to be very strong which to us says, look, the end demand for private connectivity continues to be strong. And so that's what we're seeing there. And then finally, I would say those numbers don't reflect ports on the cloud exchange and VCs on those ports, and those are an increasingly popular way for people to gain the interconnection value that they need. So, those things all probably play into some degree. But on balance 5,700 is a number we're pretty pleased with. And again and when you really look at the revenue growth and how our customers react to our interconnection value proposition, we couldn't be happier.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. I'll tackle the second one. I mean I think Amir actually asked the same question last time if memory serves, but I do think that there is natural margin expansion available to us in the business as we continue to scale. And so I think, we see some of that. As you said M&A has the occasional sort of blip in terms of interrupting that expansion trajectory. But the one thing I would say is, and we've been consistent I think in this, which is we view our own (5n6:43) as maximizing sustainable intrinsic value creation for the business. And we think there's a lot of opportunity out there right now, and we're investing behind that opportunity. If you look for example at what we did in terms of kind of the adjustment in our organization to continue to tackle new growth areas for the business, and what my new SSI team is trying to go after, those are areas where we'll continue to invest behind to ensure that our service portfolio is responding to customer needs, and positioning us not only for near-term performance, but for long-term sustainable growth. And so that's why we've been reluctant to put any different marker out there. I think we're continuing to progress towards margin expansion, and we'll make a balanced assessment of when we believe we should drop that through the bottom-line versus when we believe we're going to get a really significant return on that investment by putting it into future growth. So I think we're continuing on that march, but hesitant to sort of change how we view the long-term markers.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, I mean I would say that we try to think about the overall interconnection offering and make sure that it's being responsive to the broad needs of our customers. I don't know that any geographic expansion, we would do particularly on the IX is going to be "needle mover." But I do think that what it does is positions us to effectively serve the full range of a customer requirement and what we have and it is quite unique is a combination of both geographic reach and product portfolio depth and interconnection which is really unmatched. And so you said look, a large complex global multinational, one, they need the geographic coverage, but two, they want to take it from the buffet, IX direct connectivity in the form of Layer 1 cross-connects, ECX at Layer 2, Layer 3 and nobody else can provide that full portfolio. So, again, I'd urge you to sort of stay tuned to how we're evolving the interconnection portfolio and you'll hear more about that through the course of the year.
Charles J. Meyers: I'll take the first one. And then maybe, Keith, you can comment on the second one there. So large footprint, it is little bit of a terminology challenge which is – we probably still are doing – several years ago, we'd probably consider anything over 250 kilowatts sort of large footprint. That started to probably elevate in terms of what sort of average deployment sizes are for certain things, but when I'm talking about the hyperscale initiative in particular, we're talking more about sort of multi-megawatt, probably 3 megawatt to 5 megawatt or more in a single implementation, not a single phase, but in one implementation that comes over a relatively short period of time, and so when we're talking about hyperscale that's kind of the scale of what we're thinking of. We will talk about doing large footprint within the context of our retail business that might be 300 kilowatts, 500 kilowatts, maybe even up to 1 megawatt, but we usually accommodate that within our retail footprint and within the underwriting that we've done for those assets already. So those are distinct things in our view in terms of large footprint which we're accommodating within our current assets. And then hyperscale which again I would say 2 megawatts to 3 megawatts to 5 megawatts or more over a relatively short period of time.
Keith D. Taylor: And Frank, let me just finish off with the question on Bit-isle. Clearly, as Steve alluded to we've almost fully integrated the Bit-isle asset and no surprise given our messaging we've been very pleased with the combination of that asset into our Japanese business. We've been able to sell off a number of the subsidiaries and assets that they own, that were not core to our go forward plan. So when you look across if you will the Japanese platform, we've been extremely pleased with how we performed and in fact, what we've seen is an actual uptick in Japanese activity across that broader platform, so we will continue to invest in the market and all I can say right now is we're very pleased with that transaction and we're happy we closed it.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah, Phil, there is a number of things that are certainly going well with the transaction. One of the things we said in the last earnings call, we continue to keep some level of conservatism or prudence in our guidance on a go-forward basis, is that we're seeing less churn and we've had to use less sales reserves than historically planned, so that's certainly a positive. But, I think the flip side is that we're selling, we're actually seeing gross activity where we're selling more into the business than we originally planned. We're selling across that platform, as you know there is 600 net new customers. We're building out infrastructure where we can. We've recently announced an additional build in Miami's NAP of the Americas, the Denver asset as we're creating a lot of opportunity for ourselves. At the same time, we're putting a lot of focus on these assets, so when you take up sales force like we have, combine it with the Verizon assets and our assets, you have an opportunity to do better. And so, when we started out offering guidance, it's just fair to say that we're conservative, we took a view that we wanted to understand the business better. For the very first time, those customers are getting invoices from Equinix on an un-bundled basis relative to what they experienced with Verizon. And so, we're delighted with where we ended the quarter, $137 million of revenues that annualizes out to just under $550 million. But, we're taking a view for Q4 that we're still going to be in that ZIP code of $130 million to $140 million of revenue for the fourth quarter and that's why we're holding our position because of our concerted view, our prudent view on incremental churn potential and/or the need for higher sales reserves.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah. It's a classic ecosystem play for us, right, which is we typically aren't going to generate the superior returns on the magnets themselves. It's on the ecosystem around that and a lot of these facilities are either in and of themselves or directly tethered to broader network, because this traffic comes in and, by the way, intercontinental traffic continues to explode because of the global nature of the economy. And so now once that data reaches the shores of where it's headed, it needs to be distributed cost effectively and efficiently, and that's really where we shine. And so I think that what we're able to do is monetize around those things and continue to attract people as a strategic point of aggregation.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. It's definitely accelerating. We have not broken it out, and I think we'll continue to evaluate whether that's appropriate to do. But it is definitely growing faster. If you look at interconnection overall 17%, which is clearly over-indexing, and Cloud Exchange is beginning to become a material contributor to the overall performance of the interconnection business. So, yeah, we're very pleased with that. It is a central hook in terms of being in the bag of our sales teams. When they go and say, 'Hey, are you implementing hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture of choice? Let us talk to you about how Cloud Exchange can fit into that picture.' And so we're seeing really good momentum, both in terms of ports sold and particularly importantly, virtual circuits on those ports and traffic on the virtual circuits. So we monitor all of those things and all of those metrics continue to trend very nicely for us.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah, Vincent, I think very similar to what we did last quarter. As you know, we were running at a little bit higher level than what we guided to and no different this quarter. We're only two quarters into billing the customers. We're in the process of collecting those invoices. As I said on the prior question, the customers are receiving for the very first time unbundled invoices from Equinix. And as a result, as we work with the customers to make sure that we pay, we're agreeing all the terms and conditions and, if you will, the detailed line items, this is just us taking a prudent view as we look forward. And if I can then sort of analogize it to this acquisition to an acquisition we did in 2010 with Switch & Data, it took us almost 2.5 years to fully inventory all the assets. And so this is a process that we will be working with our local teams, to make sure we inventory them, yet at the same time as we invoice the customers, we want to make sure there's an appropriate reserve in-place for future potential churn but also sales reserves for things that are uncollectible. And again, this is us just being prudent with our guidance recognizing we are running a little bit faster than we've guided for Q4.
Keith D. Taylor: And, Mike, on your second question, I'll give you just a sense of some of the use cases that we're starting to see come in from the industry verticals. In the enterprise, we're seeing use cases that are around migrating to the hybrid cloud as you would expect as much as much positioning as we do with that. We've got retailers that are really pushing hard into digital commerce and creating the stores of the future. We have pharmaceutical companies that are deploying our performance hubs and looking for real-time analytics and data management capability. In the financial industry, it's across the board. We've got connecting to multiple cloud cases, we've got investment firms that are doing that. They're deploying our performance hubs to extend their reach across multiple regions. In the cloud industry we're seeing all kinds of use cases from the cloud providers from security to storage to compute to governments that are actually using us around the world for all kinds of things, from healthcare applications to back to the security to DDoS and WAF capabilities, and they're finding that inside of our data centers with our partners and with us partnering with the providers of those services. Network probably is – we had a very good quarter as we mentioned in finance and network, with the networks they're upgrading their backbones and they're moving to SDN and NFV, and so we're starting to see deployments towards a 100-gig and the networks are really starting to extend reach around the world with us for next-generation deployment of services, all oriented towards their capability to work with their cloud providers closer. So we're seeing all kinds of use cases. We're studying them hard, and we're really starting to dig into the top verticals that are really – that find the Equinix value proposition, a great place to drive cost out, and get higher performance.
Keith D. Taylor: I'll start with the channel. Charles, maybe you could chime in. So the channel has progressed nicely. We'll probably set a goal next year that will drive us into the 20%s, Simon. I don't think we know the upper limit of what percentage our channel can deliver. It's 19% now. We've had 14 quarters of sequential growth with our channel. So bookings grew 42% year-on-year and 10% quarter-on-quarter through the channel. We've really shifted the focus to resellers. We actually had about 143 new logos come from our resellers this quarter, and we're creeping up towards 430-odd new logos year-to-date through the resellers and through the channel partners. So it's working very well, and I would tell you that our expectations are to – it's 19% today. It's going to move into the 20%, the low 20%.We haven't set a goal out there publicly on where we want this to go, but it's increasing every quarter.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah. I think the first and foremost, let me take it to the highest level. Our view is always having fully economic control of the asset or any other asset that we'd like to wholly own. But there are certainly some of these markets where we will not have the opportunity to own the asset yet, having those subsea cables extending to that leased asset is just as valuable to us as it is into our owned assets. And I think that's most important. And I don't actually have the breakdown between the owned and leased, breakdown between the subsea cables that have already landed. But suffice it to say that is an area that we will continue to focus on to the extent that we can have more owned assets which is an objective of the company, that will bode well for what you're looking for.
Keith D. Taylor: Well, again, we have really strong capital structure today. We're at the high end of our range, we're previously above that high end of the range. Just through sheer scale, the cash flow attributes of our business are very, very strong. And just by growth, it will continue to bring that leverage ratio down. Having said that, we want to make sure we define what our best and best source of capital is to fund our future growth. We'll continue to use leverage where appropriate. We have $1.6 billion of cash in the balance sheet, we have an untapped line of credit. We do have an approved ATM that we previously announced. But right now, our use is really going to be the cash on the balance sheet and making sure that we can continue to scale the business in the most efficient way to drive the maximum value to our shareholders. And just recognizing that, I like the position we are in, because as we continue to scale, we're creating more theoretical debt capacity for ourselves. And yet at the same time it's increasing the cash flow in the business that allows us to reinvest given the low payout ratio of 43%.
Keith D. Taylor: Let me take the first one and I'm looking at Steve and Charles maybe for the second one or I'm happy to jump in, but look, no surprise to you Jonathan. We are actively acquiring buildings and contiguous land in and around those buildings. If it make senses that we will continue to do that, we'll do as much of it as we can. We are highly focused on what we call the top-tier markets. Think of that as sort of the 10, 15, you can probably even go up to 20 markets around the world where we want to make sure that we control our future destiny. We've also had a committed objective to get to more than 50% of our revenues coming from assets that are owned. So not only acquiring the land for our future growth but acquiring the land underneath the buildings in which we operate today is an objective of ours. And so over some period of time, you'll see that that number will continue to move up. But the most important thing I want you to walk away is that we are actively looking to acquire land in our core markets adjacent to or at least proximate to our existing facilities.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah, I think first and foremost 4,500 net cabinet adds clearly is, one, if not our highest, I think it's out highest bookings quarter ever vis-à-vis the net cabinets billing. I'd tell you that as you aptly pointed out, it does ebb and flow. One of the comments we made in our prepared remarks was the pipeline is extremely strong. And so, no surprise to you as we plan to have continued record bookings, because we're scaling the business. We'd expect that number to continue to be significant. The other part I said is, we believe that we're going to continue to consume a lot of those cabinets. Hence the number of projects that we are building around the world as we said, we've got 22 active projects across 16 markets, and recognizing some of the comments made by Charles around hyperscaler and the opportunity that's in front of us. I think you're going to see that number continue to be relatively higher than what we've experienced before. But I want to reserve the right that it is inherently chunky. And so, we're going to see sometimes it will move upwards and other times it will step back just based on the timing of the deployments.
Keith D. Taylor: And, as you might have noticed, large CSPs, as you might have noticed this earnings season, are growing their business very well and they are significant customers of ours and we continue to benefit from that growth.
