Charles Meyers: Thanks Keith. In closing, we're delighted with the performance of the business and we continue to execute with focus and urgency against our priorities. We see a large and expanding market opportunity and believe we are uniquely positioned to capture this opportunity, as customers embrace digital transformation and adopt hybrid and multi-cloud as their architecture of choice. We remain confident that the reach and scale of our global platform, the breadth of our ecosystems, the strength of our interconnection portfolio and the depth of our balance sheet will allow us to further extend our market leadership. We are continuing to scale our go-to-market engine and will maintain our focus on operating leverage, balancing margin expansion with additional investment in developing innovative new services and curating a robust partner ecosystem that will help us drive top-line growth and sustain our industry-leading return on capital. We remain firmly focused on building a company that attracts, inspires and develops the best talent in our industry, delivering distinctive and durable value to our customers and sustainable long-term value creation to our shareholders. Bottom line, the Company is executing well on a highly differentiated strategy to become the trusted center of the cloud-first world. We're excited about the road ahead and look forward to sharing our continued progress. Let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Phil, I'll start and Keith can add on as needed. Look, I mean, we definitely think there are substantial remaining growth opportunities for the business both organically and non-organically. I think in particular, I think, I'd focus on the organic side, which is the - our customers are responding exceptionally well to our value proposition, we're seeing strong bookings growth, new logo capture and really strong land and expand activity with those customers. So, we're going to continue to focus on that as our primary growth factor. That said, I do think that there are, we've said it on multiple occasions, we think M&A is still a tool in the toolkit for us. We have said that we think there are gaps in the platform in terms of our opportunities to expanded and add to our market leadership in terms of global reach. We've talked specifically about a couple of opportunities areas, where our customers are asking us about our future plans. Those include India. Eventually I think they include the African continent for us, and probably another - other select opportunities, including potentially Mexico as an opportunity for us south of the border here. And so I think there, as you said, well there is - we'll have to look at those carefully in terms of understanding the price for those assets that might be available and we'll be disciplined about that, but I do think that those represent an opportunity for us for growth.
Charles Meyers: Well, I think that in terms of our edge services portfolio, which is probably, we're going to continue to grow the interconnection portfolio in terms of reach in services and feature function and then the edge services portfolio. The first one off the line so to speak, is the Network Edge, which is a little bit of a blend between interconnection and these edge services. But I think that we are going to, we probably will look at augmenting our capabilities, potentially through targeted M&A, but I think that we'll be looking at a lot of organic development in that portfolio initially. And over time, we'll have to determine, whether or not that warrants a more aggressive posture there from the services addition standpoint.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes, I think what you know the Americas business for us continues to be an exceptional attractive business, its size, the profitability of that business. If you look at it from a MRR per cab standpoint at almost $20 for a cab. It's really an exceptional business, large number of customers and really good traction from the selling team, not only selling our capacity local to that market, but as a huge outbound engine for the rest of the world. And so, we're super pleased with the performance of the business. It is growing at a rate that's probably roughly in line with the broader retail colocation market. But in some respects, I think that's a bit of an unfair comparison, because we are - what I would say is our real addressable market is, the market opportunity for colocation services that deliver a 30% cash-on-cash yield. And I'll tell you our share in that business is substantially higher than then it's a vary to the high share and in terms of being able to grow that business at market rate is, I think an impressive accomplishment. So, we still are seeing a little bit of headwinds from the tail of churn in Verizon assets in particular, we talked about that, it just continues to take a little bit longer to come out than we had anticipated. Again net-net, that's a good thing, but it does create some a little bit of headwind in that business. But yes, we see good success. And I think now, as we add new services like Network Edge and some of the other things, I think we're going to continue to have the opportunity to sustain that business in a very positive way.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I think first recognizing is the first two projects, which are stabilized, we're going to get full return for the investment decisions we've made, including all of the development profit associated with those assets. That's said on a go-forward basis, our decision is not to take what we think it is very dear capital and try and use that as a means to fund a low returning business. We think partnering with GIC, we're happy to share on those development profits because our focus is really on adding to the overall global platform, in the retail business and we're going to consume all the capital that we have in our balance sheet and more as we shared in the last Analyst Day on growing the retail business. So, this is about making a good decision, driving value into our shareholder base and at the same time augmenting, and I said - I've said on a number of - at a number of investment meetings, between the new services, which includes the hyperscale and the new interconnection services. We're not only sort of widening our mode, we're also deepening the mode around our business. And I think that's just a good use of our capital and let our partner participate with us and appropriate returns. We'll get outsized returns because the fee income that get attached to, to those levered returns.
Charles Meyers: And then I will take the second one Colby. Relative to cabinets, we feel very good about the momentum in the business. We've always said that sort of cab adds is one that can be a little lumpy in depending on timing and various other factors and so. We really encourage folks to look at sort of rolling four quarter average as sort of an indication the health of our ability to translate capacity into sort of utilized and billable cabinets. And when you look at that we think that the trajectory across all three regions continues to be very strong. And again we have added a lot of capacity. It is also it is important to note that we're doing that with a very attractive deal mix. And so large deals are a way to add a lot of cabinets, there's just not a way to add as much value. And so, I think what you're seeing is shifting in our mix and is still being able to deliver the cabinet additions that we think are appropriate and attractive by doing that at much higher returns. And so we feel good about that overall and again, we encourage you to really look primarily at the rolling four quarter average as the primary metric. And then relative to interconnection and cross connect - physical cross connects in particular. Solid quarter we were sort of right at the bottom end of our range. I do think that we’re seeing a little bit of the continued 10 to 100 Gig migration sort of impacts in terms of slowing that down a little bit, but gross adds continue to be very strong. And when you combine that and you look at then you add in the virtual I think you're seeing a number that looks very good. And recognize that both of them are very important to us and actually with very similar economics. We talked about that previously, which is our ARPU and return profile on virtual interconnection is actually every bit as good as physical. And so it's a matter of just the customers choosing a - different tools for different jobs, so to speak. And so I do think that we're going to see. I think - we kind of stick by our prior views on the sort of evolution of 10 to 100 Gig migration flattening out at the end of this year. And we think that will represent some upside in the Americas as we go into next year. So interconnection overall, we feel great about 13% year-over-year growth. I think we're seeing some improvements in pricing globally and again strong performance on the platform overall.
Charles Meyers: Sure yes, I think that revolves around the, some of the others who have reported some of the challenges in Northern Virginia, which I think revolve primarily around the hyperscale business and large footprint capacity and sort of the supply-demand dynamics of that business. I think that as we've said in the past, we're kind of taking a pass on playing in that market relative to hyperscale in Northern Virginia. Instead, we’re kind of the center of that universe relative to interconnection and relative to sort of the overall ecosystem in that market, which again continues to be the largest teller market in the world and so. So I think there is going to be, I think there is some sorting out at the hyperscale side is impacting pricing, but it's not really having significant effect on our business there, which we continue to see strong levels of interconnection, good solid cabinet yields in pricing and feel like we really play out a differentiated position there in terms of the center of that ecosystem.
Charles Meyers: Now they're going to bleed in actually over a long period of time. We took a very measured approach in terms of how we wanted to go about normalizing those to what we thought were appropriate market rates. And we did that for a variety of reasons because we really value the long-term relationship with the customers who want to do that in a way that is measured. But we also want to make sure that we're getting a fair return on what we think is an exceptionally high value service. And so, the way we've done that as we've rolled them in at renewals typically. And so, they're coming in as - and we've already changed the price on new adds. And so, those will begin to obviously to have an impact. And then others will roll in and renewals over the coming quarters and years. So, it will be a bit of a slow growth there, but we think it will have a positive impact and sort of ongoing lift in that business.
Charles Meyers: No I think, well I think that, what we've seen is that there is general stability in that market in terms of people delivering. I think there has been some upward lift in the overall market pricing. And so, and again I think that's a reflection of the value delivered to the customer and so. So overall, it seems to be going well.
Charles Meyers: Yes, it's a great question. We will - I don't know that will continue to grow share on the - on-ramps because I think that we - most of the providers are looking for some level of redundancy and they're looking for often times multiple on-ramps in a market. They've very frequently led with us. And so that is why I think we jumped out with a very large share position. And so, I think we can continue to grow with them. And as our geographic footprint expands, hopefully continue to maintain very, very high market share ratings there. If you look at it in terms of a coverage - from a coverage standpoint in the markets in which we operate, we have a 70% coverage of on-ramps with the - largest cloud service providers and 40% share overall. So it's going to continue to be an area of focus for us. We think that the combination of us being able to continue to invest in sort of the retail-centric portions of our hyperscale relationships with Equinix. And focus our balance sheet firepower on that. And then being able to leverage the strength of our X scale JV with GIC to pursue the large footprint is really absolutely spot on and the right strategy for us. And we think we're going to continue to play a very differentiated position in the overall cloud ecosystem.
Charles Meyers: Yes and yes, I think that the edge services portfolio that we're looking at I think network edge services is absolutely capable of being a meaningful contributor to the topline over a period of years and as we look at other augmentations to our edge services portfolio. I think, we absolutely think those can be meaningful additions. And we think that they can come at attach rates strong attach rates and low cost to sale that we think will prove out to be very, very attractive economics. And will be able - to allow us to sustain return on invested capital at our market leading rates.
Charles Meyers: Yes, Mike I think relative to our Analyst Day - what we talked about at our Analyst Day last June we continue to feel good about that. And I think that we've delivered in retrospect over the past year, plus in strong fashion relative to those expectations. And so, and I think the results today show another step in that direction. So again, I think our business is performing very well. I think we're comfortable with kind of what we had laid out there. We think there is a huge opportunity for us. We think the addressable market is actually expanding. We think we are actually adding to it by continuing to deliver new and incremental services on top of what we're already doing. And so yes, we feel good about what we articulated.
Charles Meyers: I think you're referencing, our stabilized asset growth at 3%. But our combined growth is much higher number. So, I think our organic growth - again we're comfortable in that in the range that we just had articulated. So, I think in fact, we just delivered a quarter that was 9% year-over-year. And so - that we feel very comfortable that the organic growth can sustain in the range that we had articulated.
Charles Meyers: Well, again, I think our history in terms of our performance during downcycles has been very, very good. And so I think that - and I think the importance of the infrastructure that we provide to our customers in terms of how they operate their business I think makes it quite resilient. I think that's particularly true as you look at how they use us in terms of thinking through things like the priorities for our customers like when we architecture, which is a way of improving the performance of their business, but also taking cost out. And so, and as they implement hybrid and multi-cloud as a way to stretch their CapEx dollars and drive application performance those are things that we think are going to be very, very resistant to sort of fluctuations or macroeconomic conditions. So again, we feel good about the strength of our business, and I believe it will be very resilient through the macroeconomic cycles.
Charles Meyers: Yes, what I would say is I think that we view ourselves really as an infrastructure company and I think, but I do think the ways people think about consuming infrastructure is changing and I think we have to adapt to those changing market needs and be willing to adapt the how we deliver our underlying value proposition, which is centered around global reach, ecosystem and access, interconnection and service excellence. And so I think that we will - we are probably not likely to go way up the stack. I think we are very comfortable being an infrastructure provider that is an enabler to other people sort of broader digital transformation aspirations. We believe we unlock ecosystem value by combining our infrastructure value proposition with sort of higher layer value propositions of our partners, and I think that's proving out every day whether those be partnerships that we have with the likes of our network service provider partners or the hyperscalers themselves or other things that - we'll continue to look at further down the road. So I think that we're going to - we're not going to go too far away from what we believe we're really good at. But I also think that we certainly wouldn't shy away from things that are slightly different than what our traditional business has been, if that's what's needed to deliver the value proposition to our customers. So, and in terms of competitive overlap I do think that we are - we really believe that we need to continue to be that trusted partner. We have a - our business has been built on an ability to be a sort of a neutral provider that gave us people broad choice and access to a broad value proposition. And I think our strategy will still within reason need to stick to that underlying heritage.
Charles Meyers: Yes, let me take some of them and Keith can add on as needed. But really, there is a pretty distinct difference typically in terms of a very large multi-megawatt footprint and the requirements of that for hyperscalers as they look at availabilities zone type of deployments. And they look very different than a typical either sort of on-ramp platform or network node. And so most of that business I think on a very large side of that, we will try to direct to the xScale facilities and so because we think that's a better way to allocate our capital. And so there - there are mechanisms in place for us to evaluate that and again if we have availability of capacity in an xScale environment to take on those very large footprint we would prefer to do that just because that provides better returns overall.
Charles Meyers: Well, as you look at what we did in London 10 for example that was exactly that type of footprint and it was in a hybrid facility and that now that facility is being sort of recap, being sold to the JV. And so, yes, we were doing some of those, I mean, I do think that there are - we talked a little bit that this I neither last - is the prior earnings call or last one, or the one before that. But we've been - we selectively done some of that in our hybrid facilities in Europe. I think our preference would be to do that in the xScale data centers. That has to say it's out of the question the dynamics of the market, either from a capacity or availability standpoint would preclude us from doing something different. But given our druthers, we would prefer to move that capacity into the xScale JV.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I think it's very much the first step along the vision of what we painted at Analyst Day. So we continue to feel like that we can, I think that if you recall that slide from there, we were talking about larger number of markets and probably 500 megawatts, I think over time. Those are things that I think are absolutely doable through a series of joint ventures, and so obviously this one covers sort of four key markets that are really we think critical to the overall ecosystem. And as we add incremental JVs we think we'll add additional metros, and so, yes, I think the vision that we laid out is I think very, very accessible. If not, I think we can, it may even - we may even have the opportunity to grow. I think the overall collection of JVs for xScale to something that is better than that. We think there is a big opportunity there. We think we're going to operate at the sort of deep into the demand pull there and. And so I think this is a great first step for us and several more I'm sure to come in the not too distant future.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I mean we've - obviously the Amsterdam is a significant market for us. And in the sort of global scheme of things we've stayed very close to that. And the good news is that I think we have the runway on our projects that are already sort of grandfathered in and so we're going to have, I think plenty of capacity to keep things moving as we sort through that moratorium and I think we'll stay very close to that. But I also think that we're going to have the opportunity, as the market leader there to a really continue to serve that market. Well, and because we have so much already committed development to do. I think we're going to be well positioned as we go through that phase.
Keith Taylor: Phil I've just said, what I'd add on just to what Charles said is, there's two other things it's certainly come to the top of my mind, it's new products and services. And Charles alluded to NFP as one example of a new service that we're going to deliver, but we're going to continue to invest around product and service offerings and think of that is a potential for growth. Certainly continuing to invest in included that is the hyperscale initiative, albeit it's going to be in the JV in the majority of that, the growth at least on a cash flow basis would come below the line. And then the last thing that sort of you feel it today's for certain given the macro environment, we're operating in and with the strength of the U.S. dollar as a reminder, 60% of the business in rough numbers is outside of the U.S. and we've got a, with a strong dollar policy and soon to be maybe a weaker U.S. dollar policy on a go-forward basis. There is an opportunity on a currency basis, as our hedges flush out that I would provide an element of growth, whether it's the Brexit - no matter how we think about Brexit and the implications of that and how that's affected our revenue base out of the UK to other markets in Europe and beyond. So, I think there is a lot of opportunity for growth in addition to what Charles has alluded to.
Keith Taylor: Sure. Jon, let me start off, I just want to make sure there's a clarifying comment. So, when we talk about the $5 million impact, that is basically from us selling the assets to the JV, so we're reducing our AFFO by $5 million because of that. That all said, as you're all aware, we are going to close the transaction in Q3 and we'll certainly update you on the next earnings call with all the specific details. But suffice it to say, there is a number of things that are going to happen and the first thing that's going to be important for everybody note, is the amount of cash proceeds that come back into the business, given the sale of our Paris or London 10 and Paris 8 assets. And again, we've said that we're going to get add market or better cap rate on basically the recovery of our cash flow. We're going to get reimbursement of fees, reimbursement of costs, but we're also going to get our stake our 20% equity interest in the joint venture. And so we're excited about that opportunity. We've announced the two assets that will go in to the stabilizers, potentially out of the gate for more, as we've highlighted in the earnings deck. But then we're going to be active elsewhere in the world. And we really want to be clear, this is not about getting into wholesale business. This is about us being very, very strategic by the decisions we make that would add value to the overall franchise on our platform. And so we'll be very transparent about the deals that we do. We will share with the market. But they're going to be - there's going to be a number of different JVs that will be established over the coming quarters and years that will give you a good sense of the momentum and that value will come in typically through the income from affiliated entities, which will be below the line. Some of the fees will be the fee income that we earn from the JV will be on the top-line. And again, it will be typically and typically on the top-line, but I will just be with the fee income. So, there's a lot of discussion still to be add here, the deals got to close, but we're very optimistic about the decisions we're making and we're delighted by I'll get out with our partner. I think they're going to be a great global partner for us that we will go to almost any market that choose to partner in.
Keith Taylor: Why don't I take the first one, Colby and Charles will take the second. One on the ATM, we've always said that we would use it appropriately at the right time. And as a Company we knew what our funding needs where between now and the end of the year and as we looked into 2020 and we always felt that there would be a little - that always be a little bit of ATM that we take off the table at the right time and certainly with market conditions being as volatile as they were, I was doing this deal take using this ATM at roughly an average price of $485 a share. We thought it was the right thing to do. Having said that, in my prepared remarks, I really wanted to - I was trying to highlight our new ones that as we look forward a lot of our capital needs will come from debt. So, we want to make sure that we continue to balance that debt. The capital scores with debt and equity, but this was a unique opportunity because one, we knew that we could get to the market - the market. We've got a good price for to sell the equity for our shareholders. Yet at the same time, it also assured us of that second investment-grade rating. And so you saw the market reaction after that, it was very, very positive. And ultimately when I step back and now reflect on what we potentially could do to save from an interest perspective, we historically said, it could be $100 million, I believe today given market conditions and also because of that second investment grade rating that number can now be between $100 million, say $130 million, $140 million of cash interest savings over some period of time. And that's, what really excited us, it's making sure that we have the liquidity position, the strong balance sheet, we'll use the ATM sparingly, but on a go-forward basis. I would tell you - absent any M&A or any other sort of strategic thing, we would typically focus more on debt than anything else at this point.
Keith Taylor: I think as it relates to EBITDA, and when we talk about delayed spend. Again as a company as you recognize, we've been able to increase our EBITDA guidance this year relative to the beginning of the year, roughly $45 million and $70 million at AFFO line. And part of that of course is timing and timing relates to things that we talked about at the outset when we highlighted some of the areas that we - expose the P&L to this year, it was about expansion growth at a rate that we've never seen before. Through the second half of the year, you're going to see some of those costs come in whether Seoul or Hong Kong, Singapore, where we're making substantial investments for future opportunity and those costs will run through the P&L. Now our affect is by roughly $7 million through the second half of the year incrementally. And then utility spend as we've said, utilities are going up and we felt it. We've experienced a lot of it both from a pricing perspective and a consumption perspective, and that's going to hit us by roughly another $7 million. So there's $14 million of costs that we anticipate at least we've embedded into our guidance that reflect that outcome. As it relates then to just currency, we hedge out typically over eight quarters. And as you can see in the stated guidance that we delivered with our press release, you can see that we breakdown our - what I call the blended rates. So not only the spot, but also the hedge rate and right now with the euro is roughly at 111 and we're hedged out at 117. Pound is trading at 121 and we're hedged at 134. And so it just gives you a sense, and I'm sorry let me size that for you. The euro is roughly 20% of our revenues and pound is 9% of our revenues. And one of the things that was really telling to me so, we've got a good hedge position. Of course, those will fall off over again in the next 6 to 8 quarters and we'll continue - to feather in future hedges and sort of smooth the impact of the currency movement. But the thing that was very telling to me is, if you think about the UK sterling alone and from pre-Brexit, sorry pre-Brexit to where we are today. The rate differential is roughly, it was 160 when dollars to the pound and today it’s roughly 120. So there is a $0.40 movement and we have $500 million roughly 9% of our revenues are $500 million just for that - for the pound to go back to its level of pre-Brexit. I mean that's roughly $170 million to us on the topline. And so, you get a sense of how substantial those currency movements have been and the impact that we've absorbed in the business over this relatively short period of time. So we're optimistic as things get back to normal, one day whenever that one day will be. So it's hard to imagine anytime soon. You're going to see the benefit that will accrete to this business because of our diversified portfolio with a lot of growth occurring in markets outside of the U.S.
Keith Taylor: Yes and Jeff just to be fair, I mean we have stated over a five-year period when we delivered our guidance to our investors at the June 18 Analyst Day. We said over the next five years, you should expect growth to be in eight - and this is what I call non-acquisition growth 8% to 10% on a normalized basis, normalized for currency movements and the like over that five-year period. And that was in our CAGR it would be play in that range depending on inventory development and timing of builds and the like that. We feel, 8% to 10% is a reasonable expectation from that 2018 through 2022.
Keith Taylor: Jeff, let me just add one other a couple of a quick comments. First and foremost as Charles said, we love the fact that we can be resilient and we've historically thrived in periods of economic turmoil and yes, we can sort of influence how the market reacts and so at times and values at start, we certainly can take advantage of the opportunities and we've done that over the years. The other part that I think we really tried to highlight that today being an investment grade rated company but understanding that we have $1.6 billion of cash on our balance sheet, we have an unused line of credit of $2 billion. We are generating AFFO of $1.9 billion a year that and we said we think you can grow from - it can grow meaningfully over that five-year period. Our leverage is 3.4 times. We've just partnered with GIC for our hyperscale initiative. And our payout ratio over an extended period of time, it's going to be in the mid to sort of low to mid 40s. And so that gives us a lot of strategic flexibility as a Company and the extent thing we have to pull back. We're absolutely weak. We've always felt we can push and pull levers as needed whether it's the operating spend or the capital spend. So we have a lot of comfort in who we are and what we're doing and as we said in the prepared remarks, we think we're strategically advantage relative to anybody else in our space.
Keith Taylor: Yes, so on exclusivity and other parties exclusive to the other, but there is a lot of compelling reasons that we want to partner for allowing the extended period with each other and again there is the flexibility that we choose to do something that they are not interested in. Then, we can go do it ourselves or they can go do something their selves. But overall, we have to be careful there is no competitive tension in the markets that we operate in. And that's sort of the understanding of the parties that we're not going to compete against each other in market, but there are - there could be markets where again one of the other chooses to be in. And the other is not interested.
Keith Taylor: So Robert I mean the 12 part of us just highlighting that is - that where we try to sort of give everybody an indication of where the strength is coming from us in the recurring element of our revenue stream. And now, it's important for us to highlight on the prepared remarks, number one, number two, when you look at our forward guide for Q3 is relatively modest to the overall guide for the second half of the year, which really is telling you that the momentum is going to come in the fourth quarter more so than that of the third quarter of based on some book-to-bill differentials and then there some one-off anomalies they're going through our results in Q3 from asset sales to how we get reimbursed for some costs with under a favorable tax ruling situation in Dallas. But overall, I mean there is momentum right across the portfolio across the platform and we're delighted with all three regions, and how they're performing and that was really what Charles alluded to earlier on today.
