Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, as 2020 showed us, our world is a very dynamic place. I'm proud of how we have navigated and adapted through this challenging environment, and I'm pleased with our increasing momentum in unlocking the tremendous opportunity ahead. We had a strong finish to the year, delivering across each of our areas of strategic focus, all while maintaining a disciplined and long-term oriented approach to our capital allocation and shareholder return strategies. Undoubtedly, as with all times of transition and transformation, there will continue to be challenges ahead. But I am as optimistic as ever about our business and the opportunity to serve our customers, partners and shareholders as the world's digital infrastructure company. We need to continue to invest in extending our market leadership and ensuring our long-term relevance to the expansive opportunity presented by digital transformation. As a society and as a company, we learned a lot in 2020. And I believe there are a plethora of silver linings that will come from this past year. We enter 2021 filled with gratitude, ready to tackle the challenges and opportunities ahead and collectively energized by the pursuit of our purpose: to be a platform where the world comes together, enabling the innovations that enrich our work, life and planet.  So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Keith, you want to grab that? The one thing I would say on Packet is we don't really think about that as a regionally-oriented investment, it's -- since the capabilities are going to be deployed on a global basis. We definitely expect that to grow, seen a substantially over-index over the rest of the business, but we expect to see success across the regions on that. And then the other businesses also, I think, are likely to over-index, but I think there's other factors. I think it's more a sustained -- the sustained performance having really moved through, I think a lot of the churn that we're seeing associated with the Verizon assets and some of the churn that occurred through there and I think a stabilization business and are really -- several really productive bookings quarters from the Americas bookings into.
Charles Meyers: No. It's -- we did say that, in fact, we had -- in the last call, we had said that this quarter, we expect it to be back in range. And we saw a little bit of timing, adverse timing again this quarter and a little bit of unforecasted churn that pushed us up to 2.6%. So I'm a tad reluctant to tell you we're back in range in Q1, but I do believe that's our firm expectation. So we -- I would say that there -- if you look at it, there were several churns over the last couple of quarters that were from acquired assets that were the types of deployments that we wouldn't generally be targeting. And so I don't think it's a fundamental sort of issue in the business as it is, I think, some of the things that weren't -- aren't really part of our strategy moving through. The other thesis that's similar to that is about 20 bps of the Q4 churn was associated with large, lower margin managed services deal in Europe. And so again, I think when you back those things out, you're really looking at sort of a level of churn performance within the business that's pretty consistent with our expectations. Churn is definitely a focus for us in the year ahead. And I do think kind of where we land on a full year on a revenue basis is going to really depend on where we can land in the churn range that we’ve forecasted through the course of the year. So it's going to be a critical area of focus for us. But nothing fundamental that we're seeing, just volatility in terms of -- or just movement in terms of people evolving their architectures and the normal frictional churn that exists in our business. But I think nothing beyond that.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes. I mean, I would say that overall, we're incredibly pleased with the performance of our interconnection business and what that means for the broader performance of the business because interconnection isn't really -- even though we reported as a product line, if you will, and talk about the performance in its growth, and it continues to over-index meaningful versus the rest of the business, it's really a core part of the value proposition and fuels the rest of the business in terms of the strength of the value proposition when it comes to digital transformation. You mentioned specifically pricing, obviously, we had tremendous success implementing a pricing sort of normalization effort in Europe over the course of 2020. We're largely through that now. And so as Keith said, that's impacting the year-over-year compare on revenue growth in Europe, but we're now seeing those benefits sort of built into our run rate. In terms of broader opportunity for pricing adjustments, I think that we're continuing -- we'll continue to evaluate that. I don't -- I wouldn't see anything meaningful on the horizon for us there. I think we, obviously, are just coming off the European adjustments. But I think that we do have to continue to look at both our underlying costs and the trajectory of those and whether or not adjustments are needed for us to continue to maintain our margin profile. And then also, the real focus for us is looking at the value delivered to our customers. And we do think it is so substantial as they look at implementing Equinix Fabric, for example, as a foundational part of their hybrid multi-cloud architectures that we feel comfortable that we're going to be able to continue to get strong pricing from the interconnection offerings. And then last point, Keith did mention we're expecting sort of strong cabinet adds because of the strong backlog. And yes, that's going to -- it is going to continue to fuel interconnection because we're seeing really good sort of ratios in terms of -- because we're maintaining a level of discipline in the strategy, and we're not reliant on these super large footprint deals that are poorly interconnected, we are seeing cabinets fuel interconnection growth. And so overall, I think those things will move nicely in tandem.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Sure. Yes, I mean, I talked about that we're really seeing digital take off and be a Board-level priority for people, and it's changing the way, as I said, people think about not only electronic commerce and digital interaction with their customers, but how they think about data and how they're using AI to create competitive advantage, how they're architecting their networks. And those last 2 examples are 2 really good ones of that are central to what we have in our funnel today and what's fueling our strong bookings on a quarter-over-quarter level. And that is that people thinking about using Equinix as a nexus for their data, locating their data there, intersecting it with cloud services across the globe to create insights and egress those insights to the people within the business that need them. And then network re-architecture has been bread and butter for us for a very long time in Equinix Fabric and then things like Network Edge and now Metal even adding to the mix there, really substantially improving the way people can -- and accelerate in the way people are thinking about network re-architecture. And in terms of how it's affecting our -- I would just say this. I think that if you look at our mix of business, if you look at the kind of volumes that we're doing, 17,500 transactions over the course of the year, it is, we're really focused on those sort of -- on those sweet spots in our business where we can demonstrate differentiated value. And I think that's why we're seeing such strong pricing. We continue to see positive pricing actions and firm even spot pricing, in many ways, in our business because I think the value proposition is so strong.  And so -- and I -- but I do think it's still at a point where these are not really short sales cycles. There's a lot of solution selling still being done with us and through -- and in combination with our partners. And it's why we need to continue to invest in re-architecting and refining and adding capabilities to our selling organization, including scaling our channel. And so those are areas of investment we're making. And I do think that the prospect is, over time, that those -- I would say that I don't think sales cycles are lengthening. And in fact, if anything, I think they're starting to shorten, in particular, follow-on sales cycles, meaning after you've already brought a customer in, that first win with the customer is still -- it can be pretty extended. But follow-on sales cycles, I think, are shortening. And I think that hopefully, that points to us continuing to add even further productivity from the selling engine going forward.
Charles Meyers: Yes, we talked about that in the past and generally said that it's not a big priority for us. We think that the competitive intensity of sort of the hyperscale business in the U.S. is significant. I would say capacity -- supply and demand are coming more into line in the U.S. markets, whereas I think they were a little out of balance for a while. So I think that's a good improvement overall for the industry. I would say we're -- never say never in terms of whether -- if a customer really had a specific need that they wanted us to be working with on, we'd be receptive to it potentially. But I would say that we're so comfortable and confident in our -- in the durability of our interconnection value proposition in the U.S. and in the strength of our ecosystems, both network, cloud and others, that I think the strategic imperative is a little bit different. And so it wouldn't be a key priority, but I do think we'll be open-minded about opportunities as they might surface.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean I do think that we're seeing -- in fact, if you look over a multiyear period, I think you've seen a pretty substantial acceleration of the enterprise component of our business. And I think that is really tapping into the traditional service provider density that we -- and ecosystem density that we have as well as our geographic reach and how that plays into hybrid and multi-cloud and distributed architecture as an end state for enterprise customers. And so it's interesting because if you are -- the way we report externally, it has network service. We talk about our Network segment, our Financial Services segment and then Enterprise. In reality, all of those 3 segments have significant enterprise components because our enterprise resale and the network vertical is reported there in terms of how we look at that, but we have a meaning piece of that -- meaningful piece, which is Enterprise business that's sold through a network service provider partner. And then on the Financial Services side, yes, we have our trading ecosystem, but actually, the larger piece of that is Enterprise Financial Services business. And obviously, Enterprise I mean, financial services is one of the markets with a very large IT spend and a very, I think, thoughtful and aggressive agenda about moving to hybrid and multi-cloud as their long-term architecture. So all that has created this enterprise momentum for our business over the last several years and I think that absolutely continues into 2021. And like I said, I think that our selling engine is quite productive. It's not yet -- I don't think we're -- we haven't crossed the chasm by any means, but I actually think that's a -- it's really a good thing when you look at the overall Equinix thesis because I think you're looking at a very large addressable market, and we're still in the early innings of tapping that market. And so that means that solution selling takes a little bit longer to get people over the hurdle and really get them through thinking about their hybrid and multi-cloud end state and how we play in that. But as you -- I think as you get them over the hurdle, there's just a lot more wallet share to be gained. And so I think there is an acceleration opportunity for us. And I would expect enterprise to over-index as a segment for us in 2021.
Charles Meyers: And I guess the additional color I might add, Sami, is just -- I do think that we -- we're generating operating leverage. And as I've said in past years -- last year, I guess, that we just are more than offsetting that operating leverage by investments in this case and this year into the product team and into xScale as well as into our, what we call Project Horizon, which is an effort to really simplify and automate elements of the business, and I referred to some of those in my prepared remarks, and I think those are areas that we do need to bend the cost curve in the business. And I think that expanded operating margins are and -- are still a priority for us going forward. And again, I think we -- rather than try to squeeze it too tight and not make enough room to open up the longer-term opportunity, we made a decision to make those investments this year, and we think that's the right one. Over -- but I think we also need to make sure that we're seeing those investments translate into operating leverage over time. So we continue to believe that we can, over a multiyear basis, expand operating margins and see additional leverage.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Just the only other thing I might add is that we continue to also be very focused on delivering not only cabs, but delivering the yield that we're going to get from those cabs. And that's really a matter of continuing to be disciplined on the workloads and the opportunities that we're pursuing. And I think we're seeing good success there in terms of preserving very high sort of yields per cab. And I think over time, our product portfolio is going to allow us to continue to expand yield effectively as well or at least sustain at the very high levels that we have today. That, combined with the backlog sort of translation, I think, are good signs for the Americas business.
Charles Meyers: Yes. If you're talking about, I think, the broader U.S. colo market beyond our U. S. and Americas colo market, I do think there is -- the dynamics may create pressure on that market and which is why I think we need to continue to distinguish ourselves and focus our -- be very disciplined about our targeting and how we're prosecuting the business. I think there's always a continuum in terms of the strength of the value proposition and therefore, how differentiated you can be on pricing. But again, I would point to the fact that we, across our regions are quarter-over-quarter demonstrating positive -- net positive pricing actions, meaning that when we do have a reprice, for example, those are generally being offset by our ability to sustain pricing increases in our contracts, which I think is a really good sign for the business in terms of our ability to do that. So I think undifferentiated colo is going to continue to struggle to maintain price points. And people are either -- are looking for either lowering price and/or looking for new ways or new markets, a lot of them tilting towards hyperscale, which they're certainly not going to find a lot of relief on pricing there. And so I do think the broader market has a translation or a challenge there. But I think we've -- we're not immune from that, but I think we're substantially more insulated, and I think our metrics really demonstrate that.
Charles Meyers: And then, Colby, on the stabilized assets, we've been saying 3% to 5% on that, and we're kind of right in the middle of that range. And so I think that's probably -- we expect to sort of continue to operate in that range.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks, Jonathan. Yes, we continue to invest in Equinix Fabric and the feature set thereof. I talked a little bit about the recent capability we developed, which allows customers to more easily interconnect to any other Equinix customer on the Fabric. Metal, obviously, has been a significant area of investment, and we're excited to expand the capabilities there in terms of -- or expand the reach of that out now to 18 markets will get to early in '21. We're also investing in the go-to-market motion to continue to adapt that. We're currently executing with an overlay and continuing to refine our thinking on how best to scale that market, but accelerating our overall digital services portfolio, which would include Fabric and Metal and Network Edge and others is a clear priority for us in the year ahead, as I said in our prepared remarks. So we're really excited we believe because you did put that in the context of -- we think that, that can continue to drive yields. We think return on invested capital for those offerings is going to be very attractive over time. And we think, importantly, they're really responsive to the needs of our customers as they think about how digital transformation -- what their digital transformation journey looks like. So you'll hear a lot more from us on what the multiyear view is for those products as we move towards Analyst Day. And then Fed, look, we actually -- we're bullish. We think that there's more opportunity we -- and I think it's something that we're putting a little bit of energy behind. And I can't speak in significant depth on. I know Karl is excited about the opportunities that exist there, and it's something that we're going to continue to be active in trying to pursue the right kinds of opportunities that fit the Equinix value prop.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, we had talked about -- at Analyst Day, we talked about yields or cash-on-cash yields in the low double-digits -- low to mid-double digits. I've said on a couple of occasions that I think there's been more pressure on those returns and on cash-on-cash yields in the hyperscale space just because of overall supply demand dynamics and a lot of people sort of shooting at that target. And so I think you're looking more at the lower end of that. And I think still seeing either very high single-digit or low double-digit cash-on-cash yields. But I think when you look at it from our standpoint and with both fee structure that exists there and then leverage that exists, I think you're able to get substantially more attractive project returns that are going to be into that double-digit range.
Keith Taylor: Yes, why don't I just maybe add just a couple of other comments? I think the other thing that's very telling about '21 over '20, and particularly as you look into Q1, there's a meaningful step down in our non-recurring revenue. And as we've said before, it tends to be lumpy. We said there'd be a step-up in Q2. That ties in nicely to the incremental cabinet additions that we should -- we expect as a business. And so that's sort of playing into. The other thing that we can't lose sight of is the level of price increases that went through last year. And as I said in my prepared remarks, that we're going to lap over that. And so you get -- you don't get the same benefit, but you get it in your run rate. And then the last thing I would just say is that we continue to invest in xScale, and I talked about a lot of activity taking place there. But we're not yet banking on that as it relates to how the year will progress, either in fees or contribution from our equity interest in the JV. And so that's sort of what's going on with the business.  And again, when you look at overall, 10% to 11%, recognizing normalized is 7% to 8%. I'll tell you, maybe just one other thing that really comes to note here. Again, the Americas region grew about 4%, as I said last quarter in my prepared remarks. As you come through Q1, you'll continue to see relatively modest growth in the Americas, but then you'll see the acceleration through the last 3 quarters of the year. And that's what was really exciting about what we see in the plan. So part of it is just timing based, part of it is the impact of non-recurring revenue, part of it is the price increases. But overall, we feel very confident in the numbers that we put forth here.
Keith Taylor: Yes, sure. Sure. Partly, we have to start off with last quarter, one of the things we spoke of last quarter was, there are a number of one-off items that were going through the quarter. And so then you look at the guide that we offered in Q1 and then for the year. I think it's important, one of the things we said is we'll see a recovery of that. There's some one-off costs that were in Q3. They were benefiting us or one-off benefits, I should say. There's one-off costs in Q4. But when you look into Q1, you get to see an EBITDA performance that is substantially up relative to what you would have previously maybe anticipated. Q1 tends to be one of our lower EBITDA quarters. But you can see that we're stepping it up unadjusted $19 million to $39 million. So it gives you a sense of meaningful step-up in the quarter, and that includes absorbing $10 million -- net $10 million that I would refer to as seasonal costs. And then as you look through the tail end or through the next 3 quarters, typically, you'd see -- typically what you'd see in how we're modeling it is, our EBITDA margins would continue to increase throughout the year. And then you sort of take that thinking on a lot of what Charles has said, and then you sort of translate that into our AFFO. Again, one of the things we said, if you look at it in total, AFFO is growing nicely. When you look at it at the share level, it's growing 8% to 10%. So the fact of the matter is, if you back out integration costs, which are, again, they're specific to -- generally to the acquisition of Bell Canada, you're going to see our AFFO per share grow about 10% to 12% this coming year. So there's a lot of value coming into the business. There's a lot of value coming from xScale. But there's still the potential of much more to come if we execute against our strategy. And as I said in at least in my prepared remarks, there is a tremendous amount of activity that we will be embarking upon through this year with xScale. And we're optimistic that, that will continue to drive more value to not only the margin line, but also to our core metric, which is AFFO per share.
Keith Taylor: Sure. So again, a lot like what Charles said on in his prior remarks, there was still a little higher churn than we originally anticipated in the fourth quarter. Part of it was in Europe, in reference to a managed services provider, but there was some in the U.S. We're at a point now where we believe that we've made the turn. And then as I said, first quarter, you're going to feel in the guide that we give you, goes a little bit soft, but predominantly soft in the sense that I would expect more of -- we're taking about $20 million out of the non-recurring line in the first quarter. And so what you're really seeing is the momentum pick up from the installed cabs -- pardon me, the backlog to be installed cabinets in Q1 and then in Q2. And so there are deals that we've signed, effectively, they're booked, just not installed. And so we are going to see that momentum. And that's why we have the confidence not only in where we think the revenues will go but also the momentum that we will see through the rest of the year.
Keith Taylor: Sure. So specifically, as it relates to our capital market activity, again, we're very specific about we didn't want to include anything in the guidance. So again, if you take out integration cost, AFFO per share will grow 10% to 12%. So we feel really good about where we are. And as you will -- I think many of you will recall, based on the June 2018 Analyst Day, we thought anywhere from 8% to 12% was a reasonable growth rate for AFFO, and we're tracking well against those models that we developed back in 2018. That all said, when you look at what we plan to do this year, we have a very large capital build. The thing I think of the most is how do we go to our lowest cost of capital, which is basically incremental debt. And so what you're going to see is we're going to refinance out of the debt as appropriate. We'll pick our timing accordingly. We'll get over some period of time the annualized benefit of $50 million plus. And then to the extent that we can or we have capacity, we theoretically could raise a little bit more debt because, again, that would be our cheapest source of capital.  As you're also aware, we do have our ATM program. Last year, we announced a $1.5 billion program, but we'll use that appropriate. As market conditions allow, we would walk through the door. To the extent they don't, then we would preserve that capital for a later date. But again, we're always going to bring a little bit of balance to our capital structure. We're going to make sure that we have liquidity on our balance sheet. We have the cash right now, as we announced in our prepared remarks, $1.6 billion plus $2 billion of incremental liquidity from our line. And I'm just -- I remain very optimistic about the amount of cash that we generate in the business as well as the return of capital from the JV as we continue to invest in building out some of these assets, we'll get some more incremental capital from our JV partners as we scale the business. So again, Colby, I think it's a great question. 8% to 10% is sort of a very comfortable range and where we feel we can deliver in ‘20 -- in through 2021. And we'll update you further on -- I think we're going to do the June analyst -- at the June Analyst Day, we'll update you a little bit further on our longer-term view of what we think we can accomplish as a company.
Keith Taylor: Yes, I'll take that. David, and in fact, that was referred to the one-off -- I'm referring to the one-off adjustment in my prepared remarks. So basically, it was an accounting adjustment that we made in the fourth quarter that saw the step down in colocation revenues between the 2 quarters. So we saw a step-up in Q3 and then a step down in Q4.
