Stephen Smith: Thank you, Jason. I'd like to welcome everyone to today's call. Keith and I are pleased to have the opportunity to review our complete results for the third quarter. We believe these results are indicative of the continued strength of the fundamentals of our business. Today, we're going to move quickly to a review of our third quarter results across all three regions, including Switch and Data as well as the overall position of the business. Once Keith is finished, I will take some time to review the quality of our customer mix and the strength of our value proposition, the stability of our overall pricing, trends underlying our churn, our go-to-market strategy and finally our plans to accelerate revenues from our Switch and Data assets. We will also provide you guidance for the remainder of 2010 and our initial view on 2011. Now, let me turn it over to Keith to walk you through the results for the quarter.
Stephen Smith: Frank, let me start and Keith can add some points here. First of all, I think it's probably important that we define how churn gets cost in our business. It's typically can come from three areas as we look at it. We can have consolidations inside of one of our customers where there might be an acquisition and it could cause one of the two companies to churn. We've also experienced customer financial distress in the past, typically with smaller customers. And as I indicated in my remarks today, bifurcation with large digital media content companies is what we're experiencing mostly underneath the churn we're seeing today. So it is coming from larger digital media type of clients, and that's what we experienced in Frankfurt and L.A. as Keith described in Q3. As we've told you, we projected a Q4 churn forecast. And we will conform these metrics and methodologies as we get into the Q4 call between both organization, Switch and Equinix. So I think we'll get that lined up for you as we get into the end of the quarter. All of this is contemplated in the $1.5 billion revenue guidance that we've just given you. So the way to look at this thing is it has all been contemplated underneath the guidance that we've directionally given you. Keith, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Stephen Smith: Yes, I can, Frank. As I mentioned in my comments, we are seeing a stronger pipeline, and we did experience an uplift in bookings exiting Q3, including those four deals that Keith talked about that went into a couple of those key assets. So we will start seeing the pickup now. And quite frankly, as I mentioned, we just lost momentum during the integration, so it is refocused. The four things I talked about, the focus on verticals, the sales processes, increasing sales coverage, all these things I've talked about and the focus on the 16 new sites that we picked up, there is clear accountability and focus on all of these activities, and I do expect we'll start seeing that the shift of the focus we have in cost synergies now shifts to revenue synergies and we'll start to experience an uplift.
Stephen Smith: And, John, on the second part of your question, outside of the update and the expansion capacity sheet that we've put out today, there isn't anything else that we announced other than the Paris 3 activity today. So there's basically eight projects that are ongoing into 2011. There's three in the U.S., Atlanta, Silicon Valley and Dallas. There's activity going on at all four markets in Asia. And then the Paris 3 is the only activity going in Europe. So those are the things that are announced today.
Stephen Smith: I'll take the second part of that, David, visibility in the customer churn. I would tell you that there was obviously a confusion raised on the last call about a portion of our customer base that was turned into an expectation if that part of our customer base could churn. And I want to clarify that these customers are here for a good reason, as I described in my script today. Their focus on operational reliability, they come to us for network choice, they like the global footprints, they like our design, they're avoiding CapEx, they're driving OpEx reduction. It's simply good business and it is not an area that we are experiencing significant churn. So they value the premium level of our service, and the quality and the Global footprint is the key competitive advantage for us. So that part of our business, we're not concerned or trying to project any increase or spike in churn. That's just -- we confused the way we described this last time, and it's because of that part of our business is not necessarily tied to an ecosystem, I don't want you to be confused that it's part of the business that's going to churn so I want to be clear on that today. But in terms of predicting the churn, we get visibility obviously as we've told you guys, as we come to the year end planning exercise and customers will start to give us that as we close the plan out for the year and we build it off of that base. And that is how we start to build the customers that are in renewal phase for the coming year.
Stephen Smith: Yes, on pricing. Yes, David, I think on the pricing, you hit it [ph]. But I think it's important to emphasize -- if you picked it up in our prepared remarks today, that we are absolutely focused on the interconnection part of this business and the ecosystems and driving more growth, more focus on those verticals. And we think that's going to help us hold up the firmness in our pricing.
Stephen Smith: And, Mike, on the second part of your question on the financial exchanges, we're making great progress around the world in that ecosystem. We're deploying now across nine markets. I think it's three in each of the regions of the world. And we've accumulated well over 50 of these exchanges and trading platforms plus multiple access notes behind that. So there's a great base that we've established there. That's where a lot of the crossconnects are coming in behind that. There's still -- many of these venues are still deploying with us today. In particular, if you're asking about the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ in New York or the CME in Chicago, watching those closely, well-aware of what's going on there, no real impact in the New York business right now in terms of those two competitors in that market. We do expect that the CME, when they declare they've moved their matching engine to their new data center, that they'll leave an access note in that downtown location at 350 Cermak. There's lots of other venues we have connected into that footprint there. So we feel very good about where we are and we'll continue to grow in multiple markets around the world.
Stephen Smith: Simon, the only thing I would add to that is it is based on the investment I've mentioned that we've made over the last 18 months, that puts us in a good position. That's the baseline of our build up to that decision, not from recent events. It's more focused on the significant events since we've made over the last 18 months. We're in a good capacity situation across almost all of the markets, with a couple of exceptions, as Keith has mentioned.
Stephen Smith: Jonathan, on the second part of your question on the value of the Global, let me give you a couple of data points just to update you guys. We've historically been running in the 30 to 40 interregional deals per quarter. This past quarter we actually did over 60 interregional deals, meaning cross-region deals. But it still tells us that we've got a lot of activity from multinationals, predominantly U.S. multinational deploying globally, but it is going all ways. We actually have now over half of our revenue from our customers that is deployed in at least two countries. So as we continue to think about the globalness of this business, we feel very good about the demand we're seeing in terms of companies that are deploying in multiple sites, multiple countries and this footprint is very attractive them. So we're just continuing to see signs of that. So we'll continue to push business across all three ways as we go forward.
Stephen Smith: Sure. This is Steve. Let me start with the second piece, Colby. We have had a lot of activity going on in our go-to-market activities in the company. The first thing that I want to be clear on today that everybody understands is that there's very strong demand across all our verticals and across all three regions. But we are getting much more focused on targeting the right customer with the right applications. Applications matter when it comes to which deployments we want to put into these data centers. So we've got initiatives underway now to go deeper into our current network and financial ecosystems. We're going to start getting more vertically-oriented in content, mobile and cloud. We're going to stay very focused on interconnection and then we're going to increase our focus on Global accounts, as I mentioned. That's the primary focus of the Chief Sales Officer function and we'll give you more color on that at the analyst day. So it is targeted within the demand that's coming at us today. And it will help us get focused more vertically beyond where we've been in the past around networks and the financial services. And the first part of the question on EU versus...
Stephen Smith: Yes. Well, part of it is driven by scale, Colby. We're starting to get to a point now of the law of large numbers in the U.S. market. We're growing much faster in Asia. Our fastest growth is in Asia. Europe is the second fastest growth and then U.S. behind that. So part of it is scale-driven. Part of it as the maturity of the interconnection market in the U.S. market versus those other two markets. But generally, because we're global and because we're leveraging and because we're getting to a common consistent experience for customers, we're going to start leveraging these multinationals in a bigger way than any of our competition will be able to do. So the markets are different, the metros within these regions are different, the pace of growth is a little different but that's the benefit we have. We have a lot of diversity. Some markets are growing faster than others. But generally, that's kind of how they break out and that's how we build up our models. It's the fastest growth in Asia followed by Europe, followed by U.S. which is starting to get the law of large numbers.
Keith Taylor: Frank, what I just also would add, as we go through our formal planning cycle, what we simply do is spend with every country and every region, in particular U.S. or a number of regions, we go through the top 10 list and decide where -- or get assessment of where we think our exposures are. Generally speaking, as Steve said, I think it was totally contemplated, some level of churn associated with these types of customers and others. It's embedded in our guidance. But I think more importantly, it's fair to say that when that typically occurs, we're able to get more profit out of the transaction. And so, I'm sensitive to disclosing too much on the Frankfurt 1 but I do want to sort of knock that one home. As I said, we'll surpass the revenues. We will get more revenue out of the space that we sold. It was a meaningful churn in the Frankfurt IBX, but it hasn't been fully resolved. And the profit attached to that, which is probably the most important part, and as they've thought about profit, it was about contribution margin at one point. We think about it as profit. It's many multiples of what was already in that space. And so from our perspective, we just think of this as although recognizing there is some revenue headwinds as Steve alluded to, it is highly profitable for us to replace some of that business.
Keith Taylor: Well, there's two things. First and foremost, those assets continue to perform extremely well for us, so there's no, I would say, general change in what we're thinking and how they perform, so that's number one. I think what's most important, I sort of alluded to in my comments, the assets that were performing less than we had originally anticipated, which was our Chicago 3 and our LA4 assets, our Chicago 3 has really picked up momentum in that market, we're performing well, as I've said, we're 85% booked or pre-assigned. And the El Segundo market, which includes our LA3 and LA4 assets, which is different in our downtime market. I combined the two assets and saw that at 67% booked to pre-assigned. So the momentum we're seeing in some of the -- even the newer sites is really picking up. So overall you're seeing that the cash flow generation machine of this business is accelerating. And we've done a really good job over the last few quarters seeing that executing well. It's in the slides that were presented last time and today.
Keith Taylor: Let me put it in a different way. As Steve alluded to, that it was 73% utilized today. We're adding 10% more inventory. And just by looking at that chart, you can see roughly the number of cabinets that we are adding. It's fair to say, you can do the math. We don't want to give you a percentage utilization today because it's going to be market-dependent and also, it will be region-dependent. But it's fair to say that in a number of markets, we have sufficient inventory to deal with the demand for the 2011 target.
Keith Taylor: Yes. So the Hong Kong churn, it was a typical churn. We went through the budgeting exercise for 2010, we do that in sort of the last quarter of the year prior. The team had already identified a customer that was going to be relocating. We're in the middle, as you know, of an expansion. And we weren't able to fulfill their needs with our capacity at that point in time and so they booked elsewhere. But clearly, as you know, we've announced our Hong Kong 2 Phase I build, and we have some more capacity that came on in Q4, late Q3, Q4, and that's going to sort out that particular issue for us. And Switch and Data was actually, it was just -- frankly, it was just cleaning up some legacy issues for customers. They were aware of it. And so we just absorbed it into the churn in it. And clearly, with a smaller base, it reflects a little bit differently in there, and there, if you will, their volume versus our volume. So it's roughly a flat quarter for them.
Keith Taylor: Let me deal with the first one, concerning basically the cash position you've identified. Certainly, we have cash on our balance sheet. Certainly, as we presented today, it puts us in a very favorable position for next year, the discretionary free cash flow or even free cash flow. And it's fair to say as a company, we're always looking at our strategic alternatives, which also includes share repurchases or anything else. So as a company, it's not lost in us about our ability to influence decisions, whether it's around share repurchase, whether it's keeping more cash on the balance sheet or whether it's continuing to grow the business. And we're going to do what we think is best for the organization given the facts in front of us. I also would note, we do have a high yield indenture, as I think many of you are aware of. And so we also have the limitations attached to that. So taking all of that into consideration, I think we do have the resolve and flexibility to do as we think is needed to create shareholder value or augment shareholder value where appropriate.
Keith Taylor: And, David, I would just add on, just a couple of more comments to what Steve said. Certainly, by announcing 3,000 crossconnects this quarter and the real focus on developing our ecosystems, they tend to -- the generation of these ecosystems and these opportunities certainly support the price points that we're trying to obtain as a business and get returns that we expect. And so as we create that and we bring more magnets, it equates more value for us. So not only do we see it from a volume perspective, we also see it from a profitability perspective. In the comments that Steve has made and I have made is that the gross bookings in this business continue to be extremely strong across all three regions. So the markets that we're going after and the business that we're seeking, I think is being demonstrated in our growth on a gross bookings basis, recognizing the comments Steve has made around churn. So we feel pretty confident about that. But also more in it, the pipeline remains extremely strong. And that's where we get our confidence. We can continue to scale this business at the right price points. The last comment that David asked, Steve...
Keith Taylor: Mike, why don't I take the first one, and then I would push the second question to Steve. So the restructuring that I was referring to or we referred to in our financial statements relates to our New York 2 asset. And for those who've gone to the site, there is the IBX that we have and adjacent to that is what we call the Atlas Building. It's a piece of building that we had sublet to a vendor and we have done that for the 10 years that we've had the asset. When we went to build New York 4 a number of years back, we decided it was cheaper to invest in our New York 4 build than to build an adjacent IBX to our New York 2 IBX. And so what we decided to is effectively abandon the lease and write it off for book purposes. And so the restructuring charges you see today is just us adjusting our assumption. The subtenant of that space has given us notice that they're going to be vacating the space in January. And because of that, we adjusted our assumption. It does not mean that we can't go back and sublease to somebody else, but we've had to make the accounting determination at this point that we would increase our restructuring charge to reflect the fact that we do not have subtenant income. And that's all that is.
Keith Taylor: Simon, so just dealing with the questions, first on EBITDA. Certainly, as you recognize, relative to our initial guidance in Q3, we thought with the top end of the range, $139 million, and then we revised on October 5 call to greater than $140 million of EBITDA. We came in at $146.5 million so there's a number of things going on. Number one, just the timing of expenses. There's certainly the investment that we want to make in the sales area. And so those are things that are basically -- it's just the expectation that there's going to be some expenses in Q4 that were not there in Q3. In addition, you're very right about the utility expense. It tends to moderate flat line when we go to Q4. So what we're seeing is there's some incremental repairs and maintenance. As we come to the back end of the year, we have some higher repairs and maintenance than we typically do. And so for all those reasons, right now we are guiding you to effectively a flat EBITDA quarter, recognizing it's roughly $542 million EBITDA line. When it comes to CapEx, we didn't give you a spot number this time. Historically, we have given ranges but what we wanted to do was we wanted to focus you on a number. We recognize that there's a number of projects that we have announced out there. We've given you the CapEx number attached to those projects. It gives you a sense of where we can take the business. But also recognizing it as we -- as the company, as we continue to perform, we can change that number. But right now, it's a number that we wanted the investor base to lock on to. And then as we've always said, as more information comes to light or if we outperform at the right price points and fill it up with the right volumes, then we can always change that number a bit. It is making sure that the market's aware that we have a spot number out there and we're very much focused on delivering that and we'll change it as appropriate.
Keith Taylor: So, Jonathan, I'll take the first one and I'll pass the second to Steve. When it comes to CapEx, clearly, there's different ways to look at it. There's what we have announced. And so if we use what is announced relative to what is committed, you're sort of in the $200 million to $300 million range and that would include roughly a significant amount of ongoing CapEx as well. If you look at truly what is committed, it's going to be something much lesser than that. But right now, we basically think that we have potential upside of probably at the top end of the range, $100 million of additional projects. And it's fair to say that's something that we're going to continue to refine and update you on. I'm not sure if there will be any further update on the November 11th Analyst Day. But certainly, by the time we get to Q4, we'll give you much clearer idea on what the CapEx is. And part of the challenge is, as you know now, is we measure our CapEx on a cash flow basis versus an accrual basis, they really depend on what we spent and where. So we'll continue to update you on that one.
Keith Taylor: So, Chris, on the other questions on leverage, I think we still feel maintaining a 3x to 4x net leverage is appropriate. Is it optimal? That's tough to say at this point but certainly, you'd get a sense that we have the potential to raise our debt capacity under that scenario, whether we have the indenture or not. Today, we're 2.4x net levered on a Q3 LQA basis. So that will be one thing. So I think there's always be opportunity to put more leverage on the books and still maintain our leverage expectations. From an NOL perspective, we just filed our tax returns. I don't actually have that number. But certainly, on the November 11th Analyst Day, I probably want to spend a little bit more time to just on sort of our tax, not tax planning but our tax viewpoints. So that's something I will update the listeners as to -- sort of if you're at the analyst day, you will get it live. And then the Shanghai partnership, the way we're going to account for that is actually on a net revenue bases. So we're going to -- the business that we booked and the cost that we incur -- the revenue we're going to actually report on a net basis, so we're not really going to identify any CapEx attached to that and recognizing this is a relatively small investment. But this is a partnership investment and our first step in the China market, or the broader China market. We'll continue to just keep you updated on that one. But it's not meaningful, it's certainly not material, and it's something, at this point, we're not going to break out.
