Stephen M. Smith: Thanks, Keith. Now I'd like to provide an update on 2012 guidance outlined on Slide 12. For the third quarter of 2012, we expect revenues to be in the range of $492 million to $498 million, which includes absorbing about $4 million of negative currency headwinds. Q3 guidance also includes $13 million to $15 million of revenue attributed to the Asia Tone and ancotel acquisitions, which closed in July. Cash gross margins are expected to range between 67% and 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $110 million and $115 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $220 million and $222 million, which includes $4 million to $6 million of EBITDA contribution from Asia Tone and ancotel and $2 million of negative currency headwinds. Capital expenditures are expected to range between $240 million and $260 million and include expected CapEx for Asia Tone and ancotel. It also includes approximately $30 million of ongoing capital expenditures. For the full year of 2012, we are raising total revenues to be greater than $1.92 billion, including approximately $30 million of revenue attributed to the Asia Tone and ancotel acquisitions and absorbing approximately $18 million of negative foreign currency headwinds compared to our previous annual guidance rates. Global year cash gross margins are expected to be 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $420 million and $430 million. We are raising adjusted EBITDA guidance for the year to be greater than $880 million, which includes approximately $10 million of adjusted EBITDA attributed to the Asia Tone and ancotel acquisitions and also absorbs $8 million of negative currency headwinds. We are tightening our total CapEx guidance for 2012 at a range of $740 million to $800 million, which includes expected CapEx of $30 million from Asia Tone and ancotel. This also includes $135 million of ongoing capital expenditures. So in closing, we continue to focus on strengthening our business model by putting the right customers with the right applications into the right assets. By targeting customers that value network density, reliability, application performance, ecosystem access and global reach, we continue to deliver strong results across all 3 operating regions. So at this time, I'd like to open it up for questions. So Jerry, I'll turn it back over to you.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, well, we've got activity going on in all 3 regions, as you are aware. So if you look at the deal expansion sheet, you'll see that we continue to have capacity coming on in all the core markets. The decision going -- to do the Asia Tone deal was primarily driven by the opportunity to get ourselves deeper into Mainland China. We pick up a very solid operating team. We pick up 4 assets in that market, 2 existing ones, a disaster recovery center and a brand-new build, as I said, that will be opened in Q3. So this was emerging market decision. There's a couple of other emerging markets we're looking at, but in this part of the world, our customer demand from Europe and Americas into the Asian market is in the core markets. But as well, the demand has definitely picked up for Mainland China. So this is customer driven, demand driven. And the decision, we think, is going to play very well for us because the pipeline that's developing even before we've opened up. It’s extremely strong. I just came back from a trip there last week and it's -- it will be one of the most impressive data centers in Mainland China. And the team we picked up on the ground is outstanding, and the pipeline is extremely strong.
Stephen M. Smith: I -- Charles, you probably have a deeper view of the -- point of view on that, but I would tell you that anecdotally at the top, as we watch these 2, they're very busy integrating these 2 assets, and they're completely consumed with shifting the core telco assets with the new managed service cloud capability that they acquired with those 2 companies. So I don't think there's any big difference in competitive supply. We haven't seen any new supply come on that's changing the dynamics of our pipeline, of our bookings rate in the critical markets. But I don't know if there's anything you'd add to that, Charles.
Stephen M. Smith: And then on the vertical bookings in the quarter, Mike, the heaviest force was in cloud and IT services, which was about 26% of the bookings in the quarter. It's followed closely by network, which is still very, very strong for us, which is about 25% of the bookings in the quarter. The networks -- not surprising, I guess, it -- with all the network stuff going on, they're upgrading their networks and their infrastructure, we're winning service aggregation nodes. There's a lot of mobility expansion, infrastructure that we're seeing. Cloud stuff is coming at us from them. So network is still a very, very strong force around the world. And then followed by those 2. Financial services and content digital media were both about 18% of the bookings each. And then enterprise was about 13% of the bookings in the quarter. Enterprise is actually in certain pockets because of the cloud. We're benefiting from the cloud-enabled enterprise strategy. And they're starting to embrace hybrid cloud infrastructure deployments. And so we're seeing an uptick there predominantly in the health care and business and professional services subsegments. So we're pretty balanced.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, 2 good questions. Let me start. I think Charles can probably give us some color on the second piece of that. But on the ancotel acquisition, the primary rationale for us in Europe was to increase our network density, which -- so our core value proposition, all the ecosystem activity and interconnection, as you all know, sits on top of a good choice around network density. So this is one data center. It's about a 23,000-square-foot facility. Very dense, 400 networks in there. 200 are actual new networks to us from 63 different countries. So it's a very diverse network base. As I mentioned, we did pick up about 6,000 new physical cross connects. And they've got a -- and -- this is very similar to a Meet Me Room in the U.S. So it's -- they've got a virtual Meet Me Room product that's very complementary to our interconnection portfolio. And this supports circuit-based peering and active Ethernet Exchange activity and have another 9,000 virtual cross connects that's not included in the cross connect count. We've got to go get our hands around that business. But generally speaking, this puts us in a very strong position in Germany to leverage the ecosystem focus on top of this network density. Choice provides all kinds of opportunity for OpEx takeout, for performance enhancement, et cetera, when you're thinking about the ecosystem. So that was the primary driver for this transaction. And I think from an enterprise standpoint...
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, it's a good question, Jonathan. And when -- we've got rising gross booking targets, as you would imagine, as we continue to grow the company. But funny enough you should ask. It was our second highest gross bookings quarter in our history. I guess we just decided not to throw that into the script. So it was very, very good gross bookings target quarter for us. And also, the net bookings were ahead of plan, as you heard Keith or Charles mention. Also, our cross-border bookings are still very, very strong, predominantly Charles's business pushing it out to Asia and Europe, multinationals that are still continuing to buy in those 2 regions, heavily from cloud and content digital media companies. So we -- the bookings engine is working very well. The productivity, as Charles talked about, is up and to the right. And the -- we're grooming the reps that aren't performing. We're running just under a couple of hundred reps around the world, quota-carrying reps. They're all selling Platform Equinix, growth in revenue sold [ph] was 34% up in all 3 regions year-on-year. So it's working. The sales productivity is happening. And we're -- as Charles said, we're managing. And Eric and Samuel are doing the same thing in Europe and Asia. Our deal discipline and our pipeline inspection on a weekly, monthly, quarterly cadence is at a whole new level, and that's helping us. We're very, very focused on getting the right applications into the right assets.
Stephen M. Smith: The only caution we'd add to is what Keith mentioned, which is in Europe, we're eyes wide open. We have to watch the market in the second half given the broader issues. But that team is doing very well and executing very well as Keith said, and they're ahead of plan. So we feel good about the overall plan.
Charles Meyers: I think that they -- I think power [indiscernible] requirements are less geographically specific as they are vertically specific. So one of the great things about the nature of our business is because we have broad coverage across a range of verticals, we are able to sort of mix business. And as we talked about in terms of the deal discipline, one of the things we're doing is really looking hard at the front end on how to balance power density in a way that really provides maximum return for the facilities. So as you're aware, in some cases, we have power utilization lagging space utilization, and that's a great opportunity for us to focus, for example, on content and digital media where we tend to see higher densities per cabinet in order to sort of sop up some of that power and provide greater returns on invested capital. So I think it's less regionally specific and more vertically specific. But it really depends -- our ability to exercise those levers really depend on the balance between space and power utilization.
Charles Meyers: No, I guess I'll add a couple of things. This is Charles Meyers. And again, the underlying fuel, obviously, for the revenue growth is net bookings. And I think we're continuing to sort of work both sides of that in terms of on the gross bookings side, we are seeing improvement in productivity. In fact, this quarter, we've got the -- we've seen the greatest increase in new rep productivity since we began the sales force expansion in early 2011. So good signs there. We have pockets of overperformance, pockets of underperformance. But in general, we are seeing up and to the right, but -- overall. So balancing that against our desire to maintain -- continue to maintain strong deal discipline. And then on the churn side, we are continuing to make good decisions there that we think are in the best long-term interests of the company, and will drive performance over the long term. We talked about some of those in the script. To the extent we have some of those opportunities that drive long-term margin expansion, we'll take advantage of them. And we think that the guidance represents kind of a prudent look at what we said -- what we expect over the next quarter or 2.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks, Jon. Relative to Brazil, actually, I would expect that we're going to see some shift, some slight shift towards a little bit more colo. I think it's still a very healthy managed services business. But because of the outbound business from the Equinix pipeline, which we're now really beginning to see accelerate, those customers are more typically colo-type buyers, although we do believe that once we get them in, we have a substantive opportunity to up-sell them into managed services in the ALOG asset and in the Brazil region. So probably, some slight shift in the near term towards colo, but we think again that will represent an opportunity for managed service expansion. And both deliver strong returns, so we feel very good about both of these expansions. Relative to the business suites asset, as you noted, we -- our -- in the last quarter, we triggered our phase II expansion early. And so we -- we've definitely seen strong demand. We do still have inventory available. We see a very healthy pipeline of opportunities to fill that. It is a key mechanism for us to use as we look at the evolution of customers to multi-tier architectures. And we found that, that plays very well. Customers who have -- currently may have deployments in core IBXs that we essentially moved to sort of high-value network nodes in the core campuses and moved some of their larger footprint applications into suites, we think that plays particularly well in Ashburn. And so we'll continue to invest in that product consistent with the demand we see.
Charles Meyers: Yes, the other thing is that in those assets, one of the things that fueled continued growth in there is our program. One of the elements of the IBX optimization program is to continue to look at -- ways to free up or augment capacity in those, and take underutilized power and monetize it more effectively. So that represents continued upside in those core assets.
Charles Meyers: I mean, I would not say there's been any substantive shifts in the competitive dynamics in the market. I would -- in fact, I would actually say that those 2 companies, generally, I think, are often synergistic with us in the marketplace. They tend to sell at a higher layer in services. I think they target slightly different customer sets and application sets than we do. And so I've not seen what I would consider to be a substantive shift, particularly as it relates to those 2 companies. One thing that is happening, I think there is some customer reaction to the Terremark and at the Americas' sort of ownership situation with Verizon. We do think that represents some opportunity for us in the new Miami 3 asset and have seen a strong follow for network providers wanting to gain access to that facility. But then we also continue to work closely with Verizon as a partner and customer and are winning business with them on a global basis. So nothing specific relative to those 2 that I think are really impacting the competitive situation. And candidly, in the Americas, I think we continue to have just an extraordinary competitive position relative to the rest of the field, again because of our global footprint and kind of the really performance-sensitive segments of the market that we're focused on.
Charles Meyers: There's definitely some uniqueness to site selection in various markets across the world. But I think we've got a team that's got broad experience with that. For example, in Brazil, security concerns as to siting a location are a factor that aren't necessarily considered in other places. We consider that carefully as we made those selections. Power availability and the quality and reliability and availability of power is absolutely something that comes into play. But again, I think we've -- we feel very good about the site selection we made for the new Rio facility. And in the case of the São Paulo 2 facility in Canberre [ph], that really is a strong environment right now for data center demand in Brazil, and we're seeing that in the strength of the funnel.
Charles Meyers: Yes, building on the vertical question, I think that you're right, the -- so the 13% was the smallest contribution from our vertical. It is in fact, overindexed relative to our current revenue in that segment, and that's obviously a good sign. And so I think it demonstrates that we're building some momentum. A couple of things are happening in the enterprise. One, we've identified a few horizontal application sets particularly around WAN optimization and performance of people's -- the economic performance of their WAN that we think is -- are gaining some momentum. And then also, our success in cloud is essentially a sort of increasing returns effect. We are seeing great success with cloud service providers who, it's -- in many respects, obvious why service providers resonate with Equinix, particularly for revenue-facing application. But we think what that's doing is it will eventually promote sort of a cloud-enabled enterprise story where they're using hybrid clouds, private, public hybrid clouds as a fundamental part of their enterprise infrastructure. And we're beginning to see the early signs of that, and we think that's a -- that represents great potential for us over the long haul on enterprise.
Charles Meyers: Well, the -- on the second question relative to -- I think that the optimization efforts clearly involve us taking business that is typically being -- that's typically under market today and most typically associated with application sets that are less performance sensitive and optimizing that out and then getting into market rates. And we clearly enjoy a nice sort of price point in the marketplace because of the value we deliver on those higher performance. So it's really a matter of how much of a premium we get versus what was in there depends on, one, what was in there previously and how it was priced and what we replace it with. But in some cases, that's indicated by the optimization we outlined in the script. That can be very substantial and, in this case, we believe, has potential to expand operating margins in the Americas region by a full point. So that's kind of the story there. I -- and then the -- in terms of the revenue headwinds, it's fully contemplated within the guidance that we provided. And yes, it does have some near-term impacts, but typically, we're able to resell capacity quite quickly into -- because typically, these are into high-demand assets with high levels of fill. And so, for example, a couple of our large churn events that we've seen in the last few quarters are either already refilled or have ample opportunity in the funnel to refill those in the next quarter.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Jon, to directly answer the question in terms of are we seeing -- at least in the Americas, we are not seeing what I would consider to be any kind of effects of macroeconomic uncertainty or anything like that. I think our actual funnel coverage, if you look at our 2- and 3-quarter funnel coverage, we're actually more robust than we've ever been. I think we did have a quarter where we, I think, pulled -- had a very strong quarter and pulled a fair amount out of the funnel, which probably led to the not continuous records. But nonetheless, we delivered strong performance, continue to see coverage levels high, are not seeing extended sales cycles. They feel the same as they have been. So no real ill effects from what we can tell in the Americas business. And I think the broader global business is performing similarly given that we tend to operate in the strongest economic centers.
Keith D. Taylor: Great, both good questions. I think, first and foremost, when we look at the REIT, we really try to let of course yourself, David, plus the investing community know that this REIT discussion is a very -- a lot of work has to go into it. There's a lot of complexity, there's a lot of moving [ph] pieces than people would think. And you don't have to go very far to look at some of the other companies that have gone out there and disclosed some of the issues that they've had to confront. All that said, we think it does take quarters and it's not months. And because of that, we still -- we're doing a lot of hard work. And as I said, you met Randy [ph] and Catherine [ph] at the Analyst Day. They're working heads down with a bunch of advisers to help us think through a lot of these key issues. So I'd like to tell you, certainly, as the passage of time -- or as time passes, clearly we are closer and closer to a decision. But at this point, we're just not ready to give you a specific date because there's some things we're still chasing down. And hopefully, over the not-too-distant future, we'll go -- we'll give you more clarity. So that deals with that question. I think the second thing, I'm going to tag team with Charles. But I think it's important to note -- I think you should think about our business, and what -- and Steve talked a lot about it, with the focus around deal discipline and looking at sort of the right customer with the right application going to the right data center and making sure that we look to the mid and sort of small to midsized deals that really depend on performance. That causes us to really think about how we build out our facilities and what type of booking activity we have. All that said, when you look at the first half of the year and then you look at the second half of the year -- and I want to take out ancotel and Asia Tone because, again, as you know, they just closed. We've given you some directional guidance on that. If you go back and you look at just the organic business, the currency impact is not insignificant, as you know. It's $18 million in the top line, it's $8 million on EBITDA line relative to our prior guidance. And as you look at this quarter, as you look at this -- the -- at Q3, and I'll take that as an example, it's very -- when you start to take out the one-offs and you look at our guidance range, quite frankly, we're running at roughly the same level of growth quarter-over-quarter. And that's Q3 growth over Q2 versus Q2 growth over Q1. And then for the latter part or the last quarter of the year, as we've done historically, we're giving you just a greater than, then over sort of pinning ourselves a little bit into the guidance range. But it is a greater than and we fully anticipate we can deliver on those numbers, and yet at the same time, we're being somewhat cautious about our European business given the economic backdrop. And again, I want to remind everybody, when I said -- when I think about Europe, it did very well for the first half of the year. We think they're going to continue to perform above plan. But we will also want to remain very cautious about what they can do and cannot do. And so we're maintaining a little bit of that sort of that cautiousness in our guidance ranges.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, and Jonathan, it's predominantly, as I said, selling more cross connects and more power. And to the extent that we have the ability to sell more space, I think there's the trend and the opportunity to get a little bit of a price lift there. But overall, it's predominantly due to more services that are being added to that mix.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, okay. So let's take the first one, CapEx. We'll probably have to come back to that one. We haven't actually calculated that right now. But clearly, as you know, the way that we report CapEx, it's on a cash basis. And so we're still pretty comfortable. As you know, we've tightened [indiscernible] on CapEx to $740 million to $800 million. That includes $30 million of CapEx for ancotel and Asia Tone. And so I think we're going to be fine within that range. And so my expectation is that the majority of that will be sort of spent in 2012. As we look forward to 2013, there's probably -- maybe we can get a little bit more accurate just maybe next time around. There's probably $200 million or less of CapEx that's already earmarked for 2013. And so it gives you a sense. And right now, we continue to look at projects. There's a lot of different things on the whiteboard, and we'll update that on the next call. I can now take you to the currency, and I'll pass it off to the other -- to Steve or Charles. Currency is very interesting. As you know, relative to the very first time that we offered guidance there, a shift in guidance that we've hit -- we've taken or absorbed is $42 million on the top line and $18 million in the EBITDA line since we delivered our first set of guidance to you in October. So a meaningful movement that we feel that we're absorbing. And recognize that we continue to perform well. And so from our perspective, we'll continue to update you on our performance on a year-over-year basis as needed certainly on a sequential quarter-over-quarter and then on a change relative to the guidance range that we're using. And I think it gives you a good sense of our, if you will, our currency-neutral performance quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Keith D. Taylor: So again, a lot of times, we're -- if you sort of step back to the Analyst Day, one of the things that we really talked about was bending the cost curve. And a couple of things that we're looking at is -- first and foremost is developing systems and processes that make it a lot easier for not only our customers to do business with Equinix but our Equinix employees can do business with Equinix. And so in both cases, you're -- what you want to try to do is take the frictional costs out of the equation. So we think we can do a good job in that and we'll continue to make that investment. And as usual it's a $30 million to $35 million investment, at least this portion of it. The second piece is we've done a really good job at managing the utility spend. And there's a lot of reasons that, that has happened, partly how we negotiate with our contractors. It's partly the infrastructure that we've put in and the efficiency programs that we have in place. And so when you look at those 2 costs and then at the highest level, the headcount costs, if we can do what we think we can do from the citizen [ph] perspective, it will allow us to bend that cost curve on a per-head basis over time. And so all that leads me to suggest that over a period of time, we think we'll continue to see margin improvement, and that margin improvement will come in both size -- sorry, in both areas of the -- of income statement and both on the gross profit side and also in the amount of cash spend that we see in the SG&A side and allow us probably over time to see some margin expansion.
Keith D. Taylor: There's no change in the NOL position. And the RP [ph] basket, I have not calculated this quarter. But clearly, there was more net income there. Add roughly 50% of the net income to the basket plus the stock option exercised in the quarter and it'll give you a sense of what that RP [ph] basket is. I apologize, I have not calculated it before this call.
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. Good questions, Simon. I think certainly, if you look at the SG&A spend and we look at our performance year-to-date, we've done better than we anticipated. We've done better than we guided to. Certainly, some of the costs are moving into Q3 and into the rest of the year, but there's an element that isn't. And hence, that's why we rose -- we raised our guidance by $10 million this quarter over what we had last quarter. And so just to remember, our EBITDA, we're raising it basically because we're keeping revenues -- keeping ancotel and Asia Tone out of it, we're keeping revenues at greater than $80 million, $90 million. And so when you then look at our EBITDA, we're saying it's greater than $880 million. Take off $10 million for ancotel and Asia Tone, it's greater than $870 million. Now that's a $10 million uplift, and we're absorbing $8 million of currency. So it's fair to say that some of the costs are going to be -- are permanent and some, of course, are going to be temporary. And we're going to continue to focus on our spend and try to marry it up as much as possible and deeply throughout the rest of the year. But it'll come in chunks at times, and we'll update on the next earnings call with that. When you think about then the acquisition of our assets, we're going to continue to look at it. We think it's a prudent thing to do as a business. So again, there's no meaningful update at this stage. There's a number of assets that are out there that are -- potentially could be acquired. But we'll have to take it on sort of on a periodic basis and give you an update when we're closer to realizing any decisions around that area.
