Charles Meyers: Thanks Keith. We're very pleased with our results this quarter. And as Keith noted, we're immensely grateful to our teams around the world who continue to keep the customer at the center of everything we do and are delivering sustained performance in the business. Even in these uncertain times companies in every sector are embracing digital transformation as a critical business priority and we are uniquely positioned to help our customers scale with agility and create digital advantage. Our consistently strong bookings and healthy interconnection growth give us confidence in the strength of our digital ecosystems and the depth of the addressable market created by broad scale digital transformation. We continue to invest in our strategy, evolving our platform in response to evolving customer needs, expanding our global reach to accelerate digital delivery, committing to a more sustainable future and ensuring that our culture is widely recognized as a place that attracts, embraces, inspires and develops exceptional and diverse talent. So let me stop there, and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes. No I definitely think we're -- I think we're continuing to see enterprise as a very strong sort of vertical for us and cloud -- both cloud and enterprise which are sort of the two sides of the adoption of hybrid and multicloud as the architecture of choice we're seeing that show up both on the supplier side in terms of really strong cloud performance and on the demand side of the ecosystem from enterprise. And so, I think what I've been really pleased with is our ability to continually generate both new logos and enterprise bookings despite COVID. We've adapted I think very well in terms of our selling and marketing engine, overall go-to-market approach in light of, what is now a largely virtual selling cycle. But yes, I think we are seeing enterprise continue to pick up in terms of their adoption of cloud. And I think we're going to be in a good position to continue to invest behind that. I think we're going to look carefully at the productivity of our sales teams and look to continue to add where we think that makes sense. But I think there's a lot of opportunity in front of us in terms of the enterprise opportunity. And if you look at how we're evolving the platform by adding things like Network Edge; continued success with Equinix Fabric which we talked about is a $100 million run rate business now; and then Packet which we now have in market -- in four markets with 10 more coming. I think those are all opportunities to expand the proposition for enterprises. 
Charles Meyers: Yes. Great question, Sami. The short answer is, I think, there is a long way to go still. I think a bunch of opportunities are still in front of us. As you've noted you were -- 30% of our bookings coming through the channel, but primarily on a sell-with basis. A lot of success in selling alongside our cloud partners and other technology partners who, I think, have aligned interest on -- sometimes somewhat begrudgingly, but sometimes quite -- in a quite embraced way on hybrid and multicloud as the architecture of choice. But, I think there is a way -- if you really look at it we -- one we probably actually have gone through a pretty normal cycle where we added a lot of partners realized that we weren't probably having that -- it was a smaller subset of them that we're really driving productivity and we've actually gleaned that a bit and more focused on the partners that really make a significant difference in the bookings now. But I think the areas where we have room to go is really finding those partners who have a more sophisticated selling capability and can sell on their own, who can create selling machine then complete this. And then also partners who bring complementary offerings that provide a more complete solution for our customers. And I think we're definitely seeing success and you could see companies like VMware who's a great partner of ours for people who've made big investments in VMware as their tool of -- tools of choice in terms company potential infrastructure within that environment and then sort of marrying that up with the value proposition that Equinix brings both in traditional colo and what we -- they might be doing there, but also with services like the Equinix Metal offering which we just brought to market off the backs of what we acquired with Packet. So I think there's a fair amount of opportunity there in terms of growing the channel and taking it to a new level. 
Charles Meyers: Yes. We -- I think we've gotten comfortable with our ability to navigate some of the complexities associated with these things. As you will recall it took us a while get there on the xScale JVs and get them -- sort of, fully work through all the complexities that come with that. But I do think there's opportunity for us to extend that either directly in terms of just additional JVs which we have commented in this script and in others that we're already well underway on discussions in other markets where we think the JV structure will work effectively. And we think that that includes some of the markets that you described. But I also think there's other ways that we kind of think about potentially over time using, “other people's money" as a point of leverage in terms of getting financial partners who are really excited about the returns that we could offer and that would give us the ability to gain more runway out of our balance sheet and focus our firepower on the high-returning investments that are really down the middle for us. So I do think there's more opportunity for that there. I think the near-term focus is really going to be on additional markets where we would look at JVs and I think you'll be hearing more from that -- more about that from us in the coming quarters. 
Charles Meyers: Sure. Keith maybe I'll start and you can add anything that you want there. But look we actually feel very good about the Americas business. We talked about over the last several calls that we expected to sort of return to about a 5% growth rate in the Americas towards the back half of this year and you're seeing that now. As you noted churn was a little bit higher. That was associated Keith actually mentioned that in his script really two larger deployments one that came in a quarter earlier than we thought the other one that was came in as forecasted in terms of churn. But candidly those were both deals that wouldn't have met our commercial hurdle in terms of deals we would have done in terms of our focus on really ecosystem-centric interconnection oriented footprints. And so even though we're seeing some -- we saw a negative billable cabs movement associated with that churn I think as we backfill that with the right kind of business that we're showing we can -- that we can find out there and deliver bookings on, I think we're actually going to get improvement on yields in the facilities that were impacted. So it's definitely a more mature market. We're working hard to continue to drive traction in the enterprise market and seeing good success there. I do think there is organic growth opportunity for us particularly in the enterprise market and also by the way using that selling force to export business to our other regions, which is playing a very, very key role in doing. So I think really that's the quick snapshot in the Americas. And again definitely a more mature market, it has returned to grow pretty nicely. I think we are going to see some of those churns come out that were deals that we wouldn't have really targeted prior. And I think as we stabilize we'll see continued improvements in yield. 
Charles Meyers: Sure. You bet. I'll tie those together. Yes, we had previously guided $32 million to $40 million. And I think that we're going to come in a little below that prior range. It's really an artifact of a decision that we made in terms of focusing on -- when we first did the acquisition our belief was that we would kind of let the existing Packet offering run for a period of time and then seek to launch a fully integrated Equinix Metal offer in early 2021. But the response frankly from customers was super positive in terms of our intentions to offer metal as an offering. And they were really encouraging us to bring together the feature set that we envisioned in our -- in the organic product that we had underway when we bought Packet. And so we decided to bring the teams together, but then we waited a bit in terms of we wanted to make sure we had the offering in market before we put the real wood behind the arrow from a sales enablement perspective. And so I think that resulted in us being slightly behind in terms of where we had hoped to be from a bookings and revenue standpoint. But if you look at it in terms of what we expect to deliver in Q4 and what that implies on an annualized run rate, about $30 million, it's really not too far off expectation. And I think the encouragement that we're getting from customers about what they believe is possible with the Equinix Metal offering as we enter new markets over the course of the first half for 2021. I think there's great opportunity there. So, we feel very good about it. We bought that business primarily because of the technology and the team and to really give us some credibility in a market we thought was super additive to our value proposition. And I would say along all three of those dimensions it has been what we hoped for. The team is terrific. We've seen very little turnover in that team. I think they're a great cultural fit. They've come together with our engineering team to really develop I think an Equinix Metal offer that's going to be very successful in the market. And we feel very optimistic about the path forward.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Keith, maybe I'll take the first one. You can comment on the second one if that works. You can add anything you want on the budget too. But we're kind of well underway on that. We do believe that it's -- and you've heard from us Mike over the years the same old song and dance if you will which is we really think about this as a long-term -- long-term value creation is our objective and we want to maximize the market opportunity and leverage our significant differentiation to do that. And I think that does require that we continue to evolve our service offerings and our platform to be adaptive to what our customers are asking for. And I think that will require investment. But we also have a focus on continuing to drive operating leverage in our business and converting that into margin expansion. And so, we continue to believe that that 50% is an achievable long-term target and we want to drive margin expansion where we can. I think if you look at the operating performance and the sort of EBITDA levels that our mature markets operate at, it's something that we ought to be able to achieve. And we're very focused on trying to make some investments in automation to drive operating leverage. And we'll -- and then we'll trade-off, when we drop that to the bottom line and give margin expansion versus putting that in and doing things like adding additional services to the platform and investing in further automation. So we'll come back to you obviously with more clarity as we align that, but that is the approach that we take and I do think it's going to be a journey still for us. And my -- on balance I would say I believe the opportunity is such that we ought to continue to invest in the business. And I think it would be a mistake for us not to do that. But we also need to make sure that we don't lose sight of the importance of operating leverage. 
Charles Meyers: Yes, there's a few of them there. Why don't we -- why don't you go ahead and jump in where you want there and I'll add. 
Charles Meyers: Let me just add a little color on all of them. One just backing up to the very first question you had in terms of again, just to be clear, I think that what we're saying here is that the Q4 downtick which is apparent in the guide is really a matter of movement between Q3 which obviously significantly over performed on EBITDA that was pulled forward and shift in.  I think if you take that and you sort of adjust for that the movement between quarters, I think you would see a much smoother trajectory and then we would expect that to sort of continue to roll into Q1 with a margin profile that's more consistent with kind of what we typically see. So that's the, I guess, clarification, I'd offer on that one.  In terms of multiyear guide, we're going to come back and obviously provide that in -- hopefully, we'll get back to an Analyst Day here this year and we can offer that. But I do think that we continue to believe that our addressable market opportunity continues to grow. And I think we're going to continue to find a way to invest behind that. And then again on COVID, I think Keith gave the color. But there were a number of hard costs that we continue to see in that. There's definitely trade-offs and there are some things that are better. But we're also putting we've made significant investments in terms of trying to address our employee well-being during this period of time, putting investments in making sure that work from home is a good experience for our employees. And so there's been some hard dollars that have hit that. It's tough to put all of the revenue impacts fully into play -- or into perspective. But overall, I'd got to tell you I think we're extremely happy with how the team has performed despite the pandemic.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Let me jump on the second one first. And give a little bit of color. And then Keith maybe you can take Prop 15. And add any color on sizing potential impacts from the New Jersey thing. But what I would tell you is, yes, obviously we're deeply engaged with our financial trading customers. We have a very healthy ecosystem globally. And certainly New Jersey is an important one. I would tell you that those companies are designed with -- in partnership with Equinix to be highly resilient. And I think that they're going to make it clear that they can move their trading platforms around as they need to. Traditionally that has been in response to a disaster. I think some of them would consider the New Jersey tax a disaster that they would respond to. And I think we just -- and we're there as a partner to support them in terms of, making sure that they can continue to run their business effectively. So I think that it would be -- there would be a potential impact to that. But I think it would be a movement around the ecosystem, I think in terms of being able to re-stabilize that trading volume in other venues. And so, I personally think that -- I think people are -- cooler heads are going to prevail. And I think we will realize that that's probably not a great outcome. And it wouldn't accomplish what people had hoped for. And -- but we're very closely aligned with our trading customers. And I think in a coordinated approach to try to make sure people are thinking clearheaded about that.
Keith Taylor: Sure. Like anything in Q3, I mean you can see that we had just an excellent quarter. And I'd like to say that things generally balance themselves out but in Q3 we tended to have more goodies than we had baddies, if you will. And as a result we meaningfully overperformed relative to our guide. So let me try and put that in perspective for you because it -- so again when you look at the year in totality and you look at the margin for the year, we're right where we want to be and then you add an accretive transaction like Bell Canada. We're very -- we're delighted with what's going on and then throw on top of that currency. But as it relates specifically to the operating cost, there's really three main things that have happened between Q3 and Q4. So let me deal with Q3 first. There's roughly $15 million to $20 million of what I'd call favorables. And that favorable comes in three areas. One, repairs and maintenance was lighter than we had planned and because of that we have costs moving from Q3 where you got benefit into a quarter where we typically do more repairs and maintenance as we moved into Q4. So you have a roughly $11 million swing there quarter-over-quarter. The second one relates to utilities. And again no surprise to, I think many people on the call. Utilities does move around a lot. There's seasonality. But we had basically between one-off rebates and other things we had another sort of $5 million of favorable going through the utility line. And then you flip that into Q4 and we're going in the opposite direction where basically we have some settlements with our indirect power purchase arrangement for our sustainable energy. And so, you're swinging about $10 million there. And then the last thing that happened was effectively, as I said in the prepared remarks when we started the year as you might recall in Q1 we had basically a negative hit to revenues of $3 million and $14 million to EBITDA. At that time we took up a very conservative view on basically what the implications of COVID-19 would be on our business. And because customer collections have been very, very strong we're in a position to release a portion of the reserves that we created. And so we had a six -- I think about $6 million $7 million benefit in Q3. But the flip side is, as we move -- as we deal with COVID and the return to office and one-off payments to employees, we're moving to a negative 4%. So all of a sudden you've got everything going from if I could summarize it sort of a net -- a positive sort of $15 million, $20 million in Q3 to a negative $15 million, $20 million in Q4. And that's why I was very deliberate in my comment that once you get back to Q1 we get -- we return to our seasonal norm, if you will for EBITDA margins.  So again there's a lot of moving pieces a lot of favorability. And quite openly it's -- I think we've got a conservative guide on our Q4 numbers. But if everything went as anticipated that's what you would see. And yet we'd still deliver against our expectations for the year plus the uptick from currency and then Bell Canada. Long-winded response. I apologize for that. 
Keith Taylor: And Charles I would just add -- a couple of comments I would just add to what Charles said is number one when Charles made the reference to the fact these aren't deals that we necessarily would have done ourselves having now churned it -- churned those deals what you've actually effectively seen as our MRR per cabinet increase and it's part of the reason for that increase. The second thing that's really important is we are dealing with a mature market. But two points are worthy of note that were in our commentary. Number one, Americas had one of its best quarters ever. So that's another positive. But the interconnection activity continues to be exceedingly strong and that's on a net basis. And so you've got a very healthy ecosystem that's being developed. Then on top of that we're investing around our new products and services. So I only think over some period of time you're going to see an acceleration of that opportunity but you also will see a higher attach rate. And so despite some of the negatives that you see there are some real positives that are coming down the road. The last thing is in my prepared remarks I did make the comment that the Americas has been choppy. It's been choppy for a few years, but we are anticipating a return next quarter to a more normal billing quarter. And then we do anticipate a more meaningful step-up in the first half of next year.
Keith Taylor: And Michael, as it relates to the second question so this quarter we did -- roughly 5.8% of our revenues came from nonrecurring. In fact, that was a meaningful step-up as you note over the prior year and also over the prior quarter. In fact, we actually did a little less than we anticipated. We thought we'd do $4 million to $5 million more this quarter than we actually did here. That all said, I did make a comment that that deferred custom work that we do as a company will likely push into the first part of next year. And I think it's fair to assume for all the different reasons that somewhere between 5.5% and 6% is a reasonable nonrecurring revenue expectation. We'll certainly update that when we give the full annual guide in February. But that's a reasonable assumption to make vis-à-vis our nonrecurring revenues. And again, it's relatively -- it's 5.8% on average for the year -- it is for the quarter and it's not meaningfully -- it's not a meaningful departure from where we were year-to-date last year. So I think we're about $245 million year-to-date last year. At this point I think we're about $242 million $243 million year-to-date in 2020. So again, I'm comfortable in the 5.5% to sort of 6% range and then we'll update that accordingly.
Keith Taylor: Yes sure. There's a number of things that certainly go on in that particular line. First and foremost, of course, there is the deferred installation revenue that we realize with every sale that we make. And certainly, there's a drag-along effect. For every MRR dollar we -- that we book there's an NRR dollar as well. And so you defer that over basically the relationship of that contract. Then in addition to that, there are -- at times there's goods for resale. There's custom work that we do as well. And think about a large -- perhaps a large hyperscaler or a large customer who's looking for build-out of their environment. And so we do some of that work and we do a fair bit of the work, particularly for the hyperscalers. And as a result, it can be a little bit lumpy. And it'd be custom cabling and installation work for the customer. So effectively they move in put their servers in or their equipment into their racks and they're good to go but we do all the prep work. Again, it's a great line of business for us. It varies in margin return. Again, we use in some cases our own workforce. But that's a line of business that generates roughly 25% to 30% margins. And it appears on the nonrecurring revenue line. 
Keith Taylor: You say -- there's certainly the -- take away the seasonal aspects Colby as you know we have the FICA reset in Q1 and we also have our annual sales conference. So, if you put that aside and that's why I wanted to say back to traditional seasonal margins. That has ranged anywhere from 46% to sort of 48% to give you a sense over the last few years. But suffice it to say there absent any investment that we'd make given Charles' comments that is -- you're talking about $15 million to $20 million that would come out of the Q4 numbers. 
Keith Taylor: Okay. Well first and foremost Colby as it relates to the Analyst Day guide the 8% to 10% was a number that we embarked upon again in June of 2018. And as you know, we've done very well against those expectations particularly around AFFO per share again 8% to 10%. There's been a lot of activity. And so we've done a good job of normalizing both for currency and then for the acquisitions. And suffice it to say, we're -- we are a third, well I guess this is our third year into it and we're running ahead of what we originally told the market at that point in time.  As it relates to the next five years, it's probably a little early to give you a sense. But generally speaking, I feel very good about sort of the ranges that we were giving at that time. A lot has changed since then and we'll update you accordingly including some of the acquisitions we've made and we've been very active as a business.  But overall, I feel very good that we can deliver against that profitability target that we set for ourselves vis-à-vis on a per-share basis to make sure that shareholders recognize the value that we've delivered. I'm sorry…
Keith Taylor: As it relates to COVID again you're right. We basically set a relatively wide range as you know about then we targeted around midpoint. And you can see us starting to peel back some -- there's definitely some impact even as we talk a little bit about the Packet acquisition and just the difficulty on making sure that we could pull that all together as Charles said in a COVID world. That certainly slowed it down a little bit.  But put that aside for a second, I think, overall, the things that we were most worried about is what customers were going to go out of business? What payments were we not going to receive? What were the incremental costs? Certainly as a business again, we said $14 million of cost in Q1 on the EBITDA line. For all intents and purposes, we wrote back $6 million of that in the third quarter and then were going to book another $4 million of new costs in Q4. So net-net you're sort of somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range on EBITDA. And I would say I feel pretty good about that.  As it relates to the top line, it's hard to quantify. There's certainly some impact from COVID. I think, I'd size it in the $20 million to $30 million range. And here's how we got there. For a number of reasons, we've had very good success in being able to book particularly on the gross line. There absolutely will. There will be some -- there has been some fallout of -- from COVID for companies that have gone out of business and we've made concessions and other things and so we're absorbing that.  But I also think there's been a timing implication. And the timing implication, particularly in Q2 and less on Q3, customers were having difficulties getting to sites and doing deployments and all that. And so the knock-on effect on the revenue line, again our estimate again as we share with our internally and also with our Board is probably at a $20 million to $30 million number. And so that sort of gives you a sense of the ranges that we've absorbed.  Again, we're delighted with where we are vis-à-vis all the -- what could have been when we first started here in Q1 and started locking things down. Clearly, we've done meaningfully better than we originally anticipated from that original guide. But that's I think because the company has been running exceedingly well and our customers have been paying their bills as they come due absent a few concessions that we'll be making here and there. 
Keith Taylor: Thanks Charles. And then -- so I would say that, as it relates generally to the legislative matters that come in front of us particularly around tax, first and foremost as we -- I think we all know Equinix is a REIT, a U.S. REIT and because of that no matter what the outcomes are I think we're not going to pay much in the form of corporate income tax. I don't think that would be a meaningful change. As it relates to some of the propositions though, Charles, I think has highlighted well what our position on the New Jersey, financial transaction tax or the potential for that. Prop 15 in California. Again we have roughly 11 triple-net leases to give you a perspective. We own some of our properties. If it moved forward, Prop 15 moved forward, we would estimate it's not going to be a huge number. But it's probably going to be in the $5 million to $10 million range. That's the -- at least our estimate today of what could be. Again, we're paying very close attention to this. And again, we'll know over the coming quarters, basically on the outcome. And then, we'll update the investors accordingly on the future analyst -- future earnings calls.
