Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. And finally on slide 17, which summarizes our Q2 and our full-year 2016 guidance, which includes our FX impacts, let me now cover our updated 2016 outlook. For the full year of 2016, we are raising our revenue guidance to be greater than $3.595 billion, 32% growth on an as-reported basis on organic and constant-currency growth rate of greater than 13.4% compared to the prior year. This $45 million revenue increase includes a $42 million positive foreign currency benefit when compared to the prior guidance rates, and a $3 million increase due to stronger Q1 operating performance. For 2016, we are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to be greater than $1.65 billion, a 30% increase on an as-reported basis or a greater than 16% year-over-year growth rate on an organic and constant-currency basis. This $30 million adjusted EBITDA increase includes an $18 million positive foreign currency benefit when compared to the prior guidance rates, a $9 million increase due to Q1 operating performance, and $3 million in lower-than-expected integration costs. And the growth of our business is driving increased adjusted funds from operations and ultimately cash flow and dividends. We are raising AFFO to be greater than $1.134 billion normalized for the Telecity transaction-related FX loss and integration costs, a 28% constant-currency growth compared to the prior year. This $56 million AFFO increase includes a $14 million positive foreign currency benefit when compared to the prior guidance rates, a $29 million reduction in interest and tax costs and better-than-expected operating performance and lower integration costs. And finally, we expect 2016 capital expenditures to continue to range between $900 million and $1 billion for the year. So in closing, Platform Equinix is the critical intersection point between clouds, networks and the enterprise and this opportunity is translating into solid revenue growth, firm yield and healthy returns on our stabilized and expansion IBXs. Our platform continues to scale organically and we are progressing well with our strategic acquisitions, positioning us to extend our market leadership, enhance our cloud and network density, and grow our customer ecosystems. So let me stop here and we'll open it up to questions. Over to you Kerry.
Stephen M. Smith: The only thing I think I'd add Jonathan to that is, if you look at the CapEx that we're moving around the world, it's as we noted in our comments today, it's across the big market. So the demand is still very, very high in London, Amsterdam, D.C., New York, Silicon Valley these big Tier 1 markets, and so that's where a lot of the enterprise demand is also coming in again where the majority of the cloud access points are.
Stephen M. Smith: Sure. Let me – we cut it many ways Jonathan, but I'll give you just the Q1 bookings by vertical to start in the quarter on a worldwide basis, roughly 25% of the bookings came in the cloud and IT services vertical this quarter, followed by around 21% came from the networks, around 20% came from the financial services, and then about 17% for both enterprise and content and digital media. That's how the bookings.
Stephen M. Smith: So by vertical, yeah, and then on a regional perspective, let's see, do I have that? I think we might have to get that for you, Jonathan. I'm not sure I have that broken out.
Stephen M. Smith: Keith's given you pretty good color on the key verticals by region in his prepared remarks, where the majority of the bookings came from.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah, Amir, we're – we obviously read the same reports and triangulate all that industry data with actual data inside of our bookings. And let me give you a couple of data points just from our perspective. So, yes, we do see some depressed IT spending trends and we've read the same reports that you're referring to, but the cloud spending continues to fuel the data center requirements, which is what we're benefiting from and the robust leasing activity that we're seeing is really driven by the cloud, which is attracting the enterprises that are – almost all enterprises we talk to today are moving some portion of their applications workload to get access to the hybrid cloud, multi-cloud, et cetera. And so I think most of the industry analysts data points suggested high teens today is enterprises that are taking advantage of cloud offerings and that will move over the coming four years to 50%, 60% of the workloads. Certainly in the conversations that we're having that's a very common conversation. I would tell you that we hear security requirements, we hear cloud requirements, we hear big data requirements and we are hearing the early signs of IOT plans with enterprises trying to figure out how to instrument, monitor and measure all this data that they are creating to try to monetize it. So, there is certainly plenty of trends from the enterprises across these big segments that we're all reading about in these reports.
Stephen M. Smith: And probably another data point, excuse me Keith, (35:37) but another data point here to supplement Charles' point, our cross-border bookings continue to increase quarter-on-quarter. So that's a signal that we see big demand from customers on – like a single supplier to deal with across multiple regions. So once you see cross-border bookings growing, that's a really good indicator that the demand is global and they like dealing with a single set of orders, quoting, pricing, billing and that's the advantage we have.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah and one of the big reasons APAC under indexes there, Keith, is because of the capacity we got with the Bit-isle transaction.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah, two more minor adds; actually one pivots off that last point. One is your question, Mike, around growth and what the utilization implies. If you look at our stabilized assets chart, it delivers 7% I think was what this quarter was and what you'll see there is actually we've seen that – we see that bounce around a little bit this pretty good quarter and on a constant-currency basis have seen even better quarters. And so, you see that the stabilized assets still have meaningful growth potential in them even at quite high utilization rates. And then the second point I'd make is that we are making a very purposeful push to phase our capital as best as possible, and so we're trying to be as innovative as possible in phasing our capital and that is going to have a natural tendency to sort of pressure utilization up a bit, which is a good thing as long as we still have the flexibility to respond and not go dark in the market. And so that's the balance we're striking. And I do think kudos to our engineering and construction teams for really phasing our capital in ways that are allowing us to still be responsive with higher levels of utilization.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah, those are two great questions. Thanks, David. Let me start in the public cloud question and then Charles can jump in here on that and maybe give you an update on Telecity. Very good question. I know, the big concern would be is everything going to move to public and is there going to be a need for the type of stuff that hosting and managed services and colo providers are providing? The world that we see unfolding and certainly all the industry analysts and all the customers we talk to certainly support the thesis that the hybrid cloud customers needing access to public Internet capability, which has always been there to Equinix for years and years and years, is not going to go away. We have been working very hard the last four or five years working with all the cloud providers to provide this private connectivity to give the combination of the two, which in our language gives you the hybrid capability to be able to move your traffic around the world is continuing to build and unfold and most of the documentation writings today suggest that public cloud is going to continue to grow from high teens to, like I said earlier, 40%,50% 60% of workload's going to the public cloud and the thing that I think people get confused about, even the big public cloud providers who build their big data centers and build their back office facilities all over the world, still require the Equinixes of the world and the other data center providers of the world for the distributed part of their network because they are not terribly interested in putting capital in 40 different markets and 20 different countries and so they're going to take advantage of the capacity that's out there with the Equinixes of the world to build the hub and spoke, if you will, or build the centralized and decentralized network to run these cloud offerings and because users are all over the world, customers are all over the world, latency is a big factor and that's why you see the continued rollout of public private connectivity and capability. I don't know what you'd add to that Charles
Stephen M. Smith: The only thing I'd probably add, Charles, is the divestiture process, David, is we are running and have been running a very robust process. It's proceeding as we expected. There have been very high levels of interest throughout the entire process and we still are on target to complete the transaction by mid-year.
Stephen M. Smith: So let me take that, as it relates to the churn that we experienced in Q4, that was what we had telegraphed in the marketplace. If you look at the organic churn in Q1, we're roughly 2.1%, consistent with where we think there's a natural churn level in and around that level in the organic business. Where you're seeing slightly increased churn is attributed to the Bit-isle business. What we talked about on the last earnings call was effectively Bit-isle, part of the reason that we felt comfortable holding the revenues flat relative to – for 2016 over 2015 was the fact that we did have this increased level of churn. Now having said all of that, coming out of our prior guidance, the Bit-isle team did a little bit better than we originally anticipated. It's more so in their other services and less in their colocation business, so suffice it to say between what they're doing in the colocation business and what they're performing in the managed services business, there is a direct correlation between what they do in managed services and the pull through to colo. So, we're very excited about their performance to-date and we continue to focus on very much optimizing that acquisition and I think over the next few quarters, will be much more discuss as it relates to Bit-isle asset.
Stephen M. Smith: The primary reason for the slowing of – if you're dealing with on a holistic basis, the primary reason really is more to do with the fact that we have taken the Telecity business and we've merged it into the organic Equinix business, and as a result, their ability while they are generating, if you will, spilling out the interconnection relative to what we are getting, it diluted the overall performance. So, it's not to suggest that it's slowing down, we think of this as a great opportunity, but the way Telecity sort of prosecuted that opportunity was it was more embedded in colocation. We're going to over time as I talked about, like breaking out their unit metrics and doing the inventories of all of their cabinets and cross connects and the like, and getting their financials more aligned with Equinix, we'll be in a much better spot in the coming quarters to give you much more clarity on that. It's a little early. As Charles alluded to, we're just 90 days into it. As many of you know, under the UK takeover code, we really couldn't touch the results until after January 15, and with an acquisition of that magnitude and knowing what we had to accomplish, we still have work to do and so we're eager to get into it, dissect it more, which will allow us to give you more visibility in the coming quarters.
Stephen M. Smith: Let me start with the sort of a few things on the alignment of the product portfolios, et cetera, and then I'll let probably Keith tackle the synergies, any commentary on that. But we are in the process of aligning the product portfolios. Generally, I would say that the company's had a fairly consistent strategy in the marketplace, so probably not a dramatic set of changes in the product portfolio is there, but we are in a process of taking those and aligning the product portfolios. I will say that, as Keith commented on we have – interconnection is a very central part of how we go to market and how we position with customers. And so it's really – it's critical that we – we have a great track record of getting the value, delivering great value to our customers through cross connects and through interconnection. And we also have a great track record of making sure that we get value back in the form of how that's priced. And so needless to say, we'll maintain that strategy and we'll implement it within the Telecity environment as over time because I think our customers are really getting superior value from that. So – but we're in the process of figuring out what that implies in terms of aligning the product portfolios. We're well advanced in that effort and I think we'll start to see the results of that over the coming quarters.
Stephen M. Smith: And Jon, I guess I'll add to Charles that there are fairly clear solicitation rules that we have to govern by once the divestiture is made, but we cannot solicit those customers and they're pretty clearly laid out. So, that's all being implemented through the process.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah and the only thing I'd add, Paul, it's a good question, is on a global basis, you can see inside the slides that we run interconnection as a percent of revenues about 16% on a global basis. As Charles just said, it was developed in a different way in Americas and we're roughly 23% interconnection as a percent of revenue in the Americas, 13% in Asia and that's been growing and an 8% in Europe. So to your point and to Charles' point, the largest opportunity to continue to grow the interconnection part of our value proposition exists there and we did it on the back of the acquisition we did when we first went into Europe and we changed that business to enable it and certainly with the mix of three region and multi-region customers that understand the value, as Charles said, of interconnection, it will migrate in that direction, but it will take time.
Charles J. Meyers: Not a lot. The one addition I might make is just again recognizing that 51% of our revenue is from customers who are deployed with us across all three regions. So I think that I would say solid demand across all three regions and because so many of our customers are global in nature and actually deploying architecture and infrastructure across all three regions, I think that mutes any – to some degrees mutes any variations, but there are some variations country-to-country in terms of cloud adoption. I would say that, for example, Australia tends to be an outlier on the high side of being receptive to cloud and hybrid cloud as an architecture-of-choice, but we're seeing good solid demand across all three regions.
Charles J. Meyers: Mike, I think the thing I'd add. If you look at slide 23 in the presentation today on our announced expansions, just to pick out a handful here between what we're doing in London next phase, Amsterdam next phase, D.C. next phase, New York next phase, Silicon Valley next phase, you're a little over $300 million of CapEx that's going into some pretty significant markets to Keith's point. That's going to be done just in time and provide available capacity for the growth rates that you see us delivering here.
Charles J. Meyers: The only little incremental color on that I would say is that, I absolutely think that we're seeing and, I think, the results of the strong players in the cloud market both on the sort of ISI as well as SaaS are clearly demonstrating they're going to continue to add capability and functionality that is going to allow them to attract a significant portion of workloads out of the traditional IT sort of consumption model into the cloud model. So, we absolutely see that, we embrace it, and in fact our platform is really facilitating it. And so, I think if I were a commodity provider of colocation, we'd be very worried about that substitution. But that's not really the business we're in. We're in the business of enabling that hybrid cloud connectivity, one, via the CSPs and so the supply side of the cloud ecosystem is very relevant for us. And in fact, our top six customers are all delivering cloud services, using Platform Equinix as some portion of their architecture to do so. And so, it's a big opportunity for us. And then we see a big basket, a very big basket of enterprise workloads that we believe will sort of reside into private infrastructure side of things and really be implemented in this sort of hybrid cloud, multi-cloud setup. And so, for us we think it's a very much a net positive, but I do believe that this trend you're talking about for cloud service provider is becoming increasingly capable is real and will affect I think the broader data center market. And then, let me circle back to Telecity now, and I'll give you sort of a quick update and anybody can add color as they wish. We're less than 90 days into the post combination world, and I'd tell you, as a headline we remain very optimistic and thoroughly convinced to the rationale for that transaction. Deal really cements our leadership in EMEA, 34 new locations and seven new metros, six new countries, material improvement in our network density, which was already marketing leading in EMEA and we add a number of really critical cloud nodes to our platform, of note would be the new Telecity locations in Dublin, which are a great addition for us and is seeing significant demand. And overall, we're really delighted with the quality assets and people that we've added to the team. As we said in our prepared remarks, a lot of progress on the integration. We've announced the senior leadership team well advanced in aligning and cross-training the sales and delivery teams, well advanced in our rebranding plan, taken all the steps we needed to be fully REIT compliant, and as I said, we are already seeing cross platform opportunities both in the form of Telecity customers with an interest in Equinix facilities, a bit more so right now of our Equinix customers really seeing opportunities to purchase capacity in the Telecity sites. And I think we are seeing more in that direction only because we have a larger force selling that on the Equinix side and we're working through the sort of natural distractions of a team going through an integration on the Telecity side. So, but we feel good about the synergies. We actually think we're going to exceed the synergy estimates that we had previously provided. All that's baked into the guidance you see here today. And again, we do think there is over time meaningful revenue synergies as well as the cost synergies, which I said, I think we'll exceed and the CapEx synergies that are allowing us to defer some investment in EMEA.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, I mean I guess I would say it's not – this is not a new thing for us in terms of acquisitions, whereby a customer may come into Equinix having implementations from an acquisition as well. We have a strong client service management team that's applied to each of the customers to understand what their combined footprint looks like. They continue to get the service levels that they are contracted for and expect from both of those. Obviously, it doesn't come necessarily without any hiccups, but we have client service managers that are applied to those accounts to deal with issues as they arise. And that's – so that's how we're doing it in terms of customers that are keeping or maintaining a footprint between both facilities. In some cases, a more challenging one might be where we are actually separating out the assets associated with the divestiture and that is a more complicated process in that sort of perhaps against their will to some degree. A customer may be sort of splitting their implementation now between Equinix and between the eventual buyer of the Cheetah (60:42) assets. That is a delicate customer communication. It's one that we would prefer have not to have had to do, but it was unfortunately the European commission didn't cooperate in that regard. And so, it's simply a matter of us being clear and consistent with the communications to the customer and then stepping – and then standing up the what we refer to as – standing up to divestiture organization or the divested organization to be fully capable of responding to that. What I would say is, we spent an enormous amount of money to make sure that that divestiture goes out in a way that makes it readily operable on day one to serve those customer needs.
Charles J. Meyers: Yes, it's a hard question to answer. There is a variety of different – obviously Western Europe is clearly a fully deregulated telecom market. And so network density is something that does really benefit customers in a similar way, but they started from a place where interconnection was really sort of, as Keith earlier referenced, sort of packed in and not really clearly delineated as part of the value proposition, and so it's been a bit of a journey for us in terms of being more clear with customers about the distinctive and extraordinary value they're getting from cross connects, and so whether or not you could achieve the same levels that we do now, which are in the north of 20% in the U.S., it's hard to tell. But I do think that we certainly continue to see upside opportunity in both regions to meaningfully improve those, both through quantity and price levers that are available to us, and so I think they'll filter north for sure. Whether or not they can get to those same levels, I don't know, but I think they can go meaningfully higher than where they are today.
Keith D. Taylor: What I would say, though, is it's solid across all three regions. We didn't have a – this was actually pretty, one of those quarters where pretty uniform performance, solid generally across the regions, so I don't think we're seeing any – a substantial, disparate performance levels across the regions.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah, and I guess I'd just offer and add that, what we're seeing is that hybrid cloud adoption is accelerating and in fact I think we look at interconnection-oriented architectures as essentially a mechanism by which these enterprise CIOs are allowing them to do more with less, and that's a key priority for them. And if you look at adoption rates, IDC says that 65% of enterprises are going to be committed to hybrid multi-cloud by the end of this year, and so we're seeing a very rapid clip of adoption of hybrid and multi-cloud and a real resonance to the interconnection-oriented architecture, and while they may be – their overall spend levels may be reducing because they're not spending as much on traditional IT spend categories, I think that the hybrid cloud enablement in that area is actually increasing in total spend at least from what we're seeing with the enterprise customers that we're serving.
Keith D. Taylor: Short answer is yes. I think most of the customers that we serve have, particularly as they deliver cloud services, even if they're delivering revenue-generating cloud services or they're delivering cloud services that are intended to deliver certain applications to their employee base or whatever, they're doing so on a global basis increasingly. And as they do that they're looking for an infrastructure partner that can get them to where they need to be and get private, secure, high-performance interconnection to the public cloud services that they're looking for across all three regions. And so, Equinix is really a very positive choice for that, so we're seeing a lot of adoption across the geographies.
Keith D. Taylor: And let me just conclude it, Amir, with the fact that one of the comments is the opportunity set that we see in front of us, there's a direct correlation to the amount of CapEx that we're putting forth into the market and as yourself and the other listeners on the call today know, we've committed to still spend somewhere between $900 million and $1 billion and that capital is being deployed somewhat consistent with the revenue stream, but roughly 40% of it will go to EMEA, almost 40% will go to the Americas, and around 20% will go to APAC. It's not a perfect alignment with – based on the revenue streams, but it tells you that we are spending quite nicely across all three regions to represent what we think is going to be the underlying demand for these assets.
Keith D. Taylor: Let me start and then I know Charles and Steve will jump in here. First as it relates to non-recurring, we did see a little bit of an uptick this quarter. One of the things that we started the year with, Mike, as you know is we took a very strong view because of the amount of non-recurring business we did in fiscal year 2015 and the number of meaningful deployments we did across our platform, we made a conscious decision because they do come in ebbs and flows to hold that flat for fiscal-year 2016. Now you saw a little bit of a step up in the Q1 results, that's just a reflection of the lumpiness, if you will, of the non-recurring activity. As I then sort of – take you then to Q2, we are assuming that the non-recurring activity will go down quarter-over-quarter, partly because of what we see in our pipeline, and partly it's what's – not what's just in the pipeline, what's in our backlog. So we expect that we'll reduce our non-recurring revenues by roughly $5.5 million next quarter or roughly 60 basis points of growth. So that gives you a sense that again, we still look to do a lot of it, again I hold at the same level as 2015 but we'll see it move around quarter-over-quarter. As it relates to utilization levels, yes, no surprise we are running at higher levels. We've had a tremendous amount of success over a number of quarters and when you see that success and also the incremental cabinets billing, that's a clear indication that we're filling up our assets and it suggests that we're going to have to continue to put capital to work. There are certainly some markets that are more constrained than others. Charles was great in alluding to the Tokyo market, whereby through the acquisition of Bit-isle we got a very large asset, which will allow us to delay any meaningful future spend in Japan for some time period. Yes, there are other markets where we talked about on the last earnings call where we're now going to do what we call first phase builds, which come with a much larger capital deployment in that initial phase. Silicon Valley is a perfect example, the one that Steve alluded to and there is São Paulo, as well and Sydney 4 and the like. So we are continuing to make sure we manage ourselves. I want to leave you with a couple of thoughts on how we manage our CapEx. We go through a very detailed exercise. We're looking five years out. We're looking across markets and IBXs to make sure we understand what our fill rates are, what is the empirical data telling us and what does that imply against our future expectations, understanding what competitive landscapes like in each of those markets or specific to that IBX. And so when we do that, we look out five years, we have a pretty good view on what we think we could spend. So then in conclusion to go back – to address your final question, we're very much aware of what our capital spend is. As you know that can ebb and flow based on our performance, knowing that your lead times are going to be anywhere from 9 months to 18 months depending on whether it's an incremental phase or a new build, that's going to dictate what the capital dollars are, but there is an expectation that we will continue to spend at these levels for a period of time given the demand that we see in the marketplace. I will say one last thing, which I think is important, one of the things that we want to do is continue to see our utilization go up, but we recognize that you are at a point where you don't want to constrain the business. There are certainly some markets where we feel a little bit more constrained today than we otherwise like to feel. And so we need to put the capital to work in those markets. Silicon Valley comes to mind again as a critical market where we're very eager to get up that – to put up that Silicon Valley 10 asset, because left unchecked, it will put a constraint on our ability to grow, but we feel we're in a great position to deliver the inventory on a fairly (42:10) just-in-time basis.
Keith D. Taylor: And so, Jon, as it relates to basically the synergy costs or benefits, clearly I think it's important to recognize the two acquisitions, we're looking at them quite differently. As it relates to Telecity, Charles alluded to a number of the points. We're certainly going to look to what are the opportunities on the top line on driving incremental revenue that's attached to alignment of our product portfolio and the like. And we're very confident, albeit we've said there is only modest revenue attachment to that this year, but we're very confident that that will continue to be something that will drive value going forward. As it relates to the cost side which – that's the $30 million we referred to, we talked about $15 million this year, $15 million in 2017. Again, we're optimistic that we're not only going to be able to get that number, but we'll get beyond that number. Again, I'm reticent to give you the exact numbers just yet because given the lack of visibility that we had into the numbers prior to January 2015, we're still doing a lot of work as we said to align the sales and delivery organizations as well as all of the back office. But again, I want you to walk away being confident that we see some incremental benefit. As it relates to the below-the-line activity more specifically around taxes, again, we think of our tax structure as a competitive advantage and no surprise to you as we then deploy that structure across our portfolio that will generate benefits to our shareholders and so we're excited about that as well. Now, the other thing I would say is, recognizing that Telecity, we're in the business of investing in this business and so what we want to make sure is that we continue to invest alongside it. So we're managing the synergies with continuing to drive value into the assets and expand that portfolio consistent with what Equinix's expectations would be. As it relates to Bit-isle, that one, there is less synergies perhaps, but overall a greater opportunity to fill up their – sorry, less cost synergies, pardon me, but a greater opportunity to enjoy revenue synergies because of the underutilization of their assets and that's where we're really excited about the opportunity coupled with some other ways that we think we can optimize the overall business. Again, we want to be a little bit reserved in our comments right now as we continue to think about our strategy, but overall in the next few quarters you will hear us talk more firmly about what's happening in the Bit-isle integration.
Keith D. Taylor: Paul, let me start first. I would say, overall when it comes to the UK, certainly, there is a lot of – there is some level of uncertainty that's been created with the Brexit. We as a company when we see the performance of the business, I would say there is nothing meaningful that would indicate that we're seeing a slowdown. I think the challenge that when we talked about – we had a commentary on Telecity more trending towards the lower end of the range, that's really more associated with the fact that we're taking two organizations, we're putting them together. When we gave our initial guidance, we didn't have the data and the visibility we have. Now, we're just refining our numbers because we have much more clarity on what we think we can do as a business, but at the same time aligning our sales force and delivery teams to meet the expectation. I think the other thing, again, Steve and Charles, I think both alluded to the fact that because we have the benefit of being able to import many of these global deals into markets and London being one of our stronger market, we see that as an opportunity and the number of three region deals that are in our pipeline today, perhaps not scientifically, but I would say is probably larger than we've seen in a long time. And so that gives us confidence with London and Amsterdam being some key nodes on those typical global deployments, that continues to be an opportunity for us. So overall, I wouldn't say anything meaningful yet, but we're certainly going to pay attention to it and we are monitoring it. We do get a number of questions from our investors on that subject matter, but it's a bit early to say with any confidence that there's any real impact from this potential Brexit matter.
Keith D. Taylor: Great questions, Colby. So let me try and address the question on growth year-over-year versus what we're guiding to. So frankly what we've told you on a constant-currency basis that organic business can grow greater than 13.4%. Now as you recognize Q1 when you look at on a year-over-year basis it's 16% and so we're stepping – we're effectively stepping that down in the second quarter to midpoint of guidance of roughly 2.6% growth quarter-over-quarter if you're looking at the top end of the range 2.9% quarter-over-quarter growth. 60 basis points of that is coming from the fact that right now we're assuming that non-recurring revenue will be $5.5 million less in Q2 than it was in Q1. So number one, there is an element of what's going on in the non-recurring space. Number two, when we look at that second half of the year, one of the things that we're really – given the level of activity and other matters that are affecting the combination of the business is between Bit- isle, Telecity and ourselves, we are very much – we're being very disciplined in what we want the future guidance to be, right now we're leaving as greater than 13.4% and that's really a reflection of there is a lot of activity that's taking place in the company right now, and because of that we want to make sure we continue to have a relatively conservative view on what it means for the back half of the year. Notwithstanding the fact though we are working very hard, as I said, to integrate the businesses and between the integration of the businesses and running the organic business, we're optimistic that we can continue to scale the business or to grow the business on a year-over-year basis greater than that 13.4%, but it's a little bit premature to commit to that today. And I'm sorry I've forgotten the second.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. As it relates to billable cab adds, there is a couple of things that are certainly affecting that number. First and foremost, it's the size of the deals that we've looked at. The average size of deal that we did this quarter is a lot greater than the averages that we saw in the prior quarters. So, that's number one. We didn't do a lot of, what I would call, larger footprint of deals in the quarter. Number two, as you know, we've rolled out a new basic quote to cash platform and that quote to cash platform is putting a little bit of – it's new in the system it's different for our customers, it's different for our employees and so as we continue to refine, if you will, our platform, we think that that's going to continue to increase the number of cabinet add. Number three, I would tell you that our pipeline and our backlog is, and more particularly the backlog, is higher than it has been before. And as a result, there is that, that is going to give us confidence that it's going to come into the revenue stream and ultimately to the billing cabinets. And then the fourth thing I would say is, look, this is an area that we've seen before. It generally relates to things that happened near our end of quarter. Churn is a perfect example. Last quarter, as you recall, we referred to a UK-based churn, a relatively large churn that would affect not only our churn MRR metric, but also affects the number of cabinets, because the customer is affectively there for the entire quarter and then it churns out, and so you lose those cabinets. No different this quarter, we had a number of churn activities that happened in the back end of the quarter. And they were cabinet c and as a result, it reduced the overall level of cabinets billing. Bottom line is, we're optimistic that you're going to see that number rebound, we have seen it before, this pattern, and it's something that we'd anticipate changes as we look to the latter part of the year. The one thing that you can get great confidence in is irrespective of what that number is because it's a calculated metric, we are continuing to drive our revenues up and you can see by the guidance that we provided that we would expect to deliver $22 million of incremental revenue Q2 over Q1, which is a strong indication that we have got a number of billing cabinets in the system.
