Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, we had another great quarter, building on our unique source of competitive advantage in demonstrating the underlying strength of our business. We continue to separate ourselves from the competition, using our diverse go-to-market channels and our expansive balance sheet as tools to extend the scope, scale and velocity of our flywheel business, while partnering with world-class players like GIC to enable us to simultaneously capture strategic footprints and deliver attractive returns in the hyperscaler market.  We also continue to build new capabilities that will allow us to achieve our vision for the future of Platform Equinix, a future that will our customers to reach everywhere, connect with everyone and integrate everything on their digital transformation journey. I am extremely pleased and privileged to work with our team of over 10,000, focused on building on our products and platform, and executing against an ambitious set of priorities in service to our customers, all while steadfastly ensuring that our culture continues to thrive, making sure that we have the right people in the right roles at the right time, building a company that is positively impacting their world and wherever employee can confidently say I'm safe, I belong, and I matter.  So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: But important to note, Phil, that that's -- basically, we've been doing that for a while, and so that's been kind of already baked into our operating results, and it's fully accommodated in our guide.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes. We fully expected that question would surface, Simon. Obviously, a big transaction in our industry for sure. So I'll start with this, we've got tremendous respect for both of those companies. It's not too difficult to, I think, to see why each of those parties might be interested in this combination. Interxion has always been a big risk competitor of ours in Europe, and I'm sure they'll remain as such. As for DLR, as I've said in many a public forum, it's my experience that then overlap between our business and DLR's business is actually fairly small. That will probably not be the case with our xScale joint venture, where we're likely to be more consistently head-to-head, but in our core retail business, we only see them sort of selectively as a competitor. Just to put it into context, according to Synergy Research, DLR's entire retail business outside of Europe and others what we would be appending from a retail perspective on to the Interxion business, that entire retail business outside of Europe is about a tenth the size of Equinix overall. So in reality, I think the combination represents bringing together 2 very different businesses, a strong European retailer and a strong global wholesaler. So I think there's probably merit in the deal and an industrial logic to it. I think it's a bit of a stretch to say that the combination really meaningfully closes the gap in terms of trying to replicate the scope, scale and value of Platform Equinix. So -- and I would say I think the challenges in combining those businesses, just mechanically, let alone operationally, financially and culturally, will certainly be nontrivial. And even if and when that's done successfully, I think we'll -- what comes out at the other end is a company we'll feel pretty comfortable competing against, certainly in Europe, which we've been doing obviously for years, and in particular, on a global basis.  So I think it's understandable, but I think we're going to continue to sell the strength of our value proposition globally and feel like we're going to have great success with our customers. From a -- answering the second question in terms of our own M&A, we've said that we're going to continue to be -- we continue to believe that's an appropriate tool. At the same time, we're going to be pretty disciplined about that, and we're not going to chase valuations if we think they don't make sense for the business. Obviously, we feel really good about the transaction we recently announced in Mexico to enter that market. I feel like it was really sized right and priced right and gives us a real nice entry strategy into a very important market for us.  There's few other markets that I think we would entertain as M&A opportunities to enter. And -- but again, we're going to make sure that we do that on a disciplined basis. So we'll -- we feel like it's an appropriate tool in the bag, but one that we're going to use with real discipline.
Charles Meyers: We haven't really -- we're actively working on that. As we had said previously, we're engaged in Japan actively. The exact timing on those, just given the complexity of the transactions is hard to fully predict. But I think if you look out over the next couple of years, we would expect to add several more JVs to the mix in terms of being able to offer the xScale sort of portfolio in key markets around the world.
Charles Meyers: Yes. We're not any seeing any significant shifts in trends. Obviously, our major metros continue to drive the lion's share of both cabinet adds and revenue growth, but we're -- we do see real health in our other markets. I would say that we're going to start by offering our edge services in probably the more logical major metros. But to the extent we see momentum, I do think those will represent an opportunity for us to deploy infrastructure and drive cabinet yields into those markets as well. And then -- and again, depending on, I think, how use cases evolve, whether or not we would need to continue to look at expanding that reach beyond our current footprint, I think is something we're actively looking at. We have a team that we refer to as the evolving edge team, and we're actively looking at how we would do that.  But I would say right now, the bulk of the use cases that we see are well met by the current footprint that we have. And so being able to deploy our edge services, whether that be Network Edge or some of the others we might contemplate into our very expansive aggregated edge footprint today, we think meets most of the needs of the market and we'll just continue to evolve -- or adapt as use cases might dictate that.
Charles Meyers: It's more, typically, our existing customers wanting to expand -- extend their infrastructure into Seoul, although we do have a team on the ground that is sort of cultivating local business as well. But we said that our bookings are ahead of plan, thus far. And that's driven by the strength of a couple of key deals where some of our cloud and IT service customers were looking to expand their footprint into that market with a pretty significant deal that we landed in Seoul.
Charles Meyers: No. It depends more on, I think, it's more timing issues in terms of shifts between quarters, but no substantive shifts. As I said, we've talked about the fact that we are continuing to work through the last bits of the churn tale in the Verizon assets. And I think that we're now feel like we're positioned to get back to growth in 2020 on those assets. And -- but no meaningful shifts.  What we have seen is, there's not a lot of -- our churn is driven mostly by frictional churn, and to some degree, by things like bankruptcies and those kind of things. We see the occasional shift in terms of moving selective workloads to the cloud, but that's typically churning a portion of an implementation rather than the whole thing because again, what we're seeing is people are very much committed to sort of hybrid and multicloud. And so they're maintaining private infrastructure and then integrating that with cloud assets, public cloud assets. And so no meaningful shifts that we're seeing right now from a churn perspective.  I will say, over time, though, I would hope that we're going to be able to -- one of the things that you are seeing in our bookings mix is a very clear discipline around these sort of sweet spot deals, well interconnected that's -- so you're seeing that show up in terms of the volume of transactions and number of deals done as well as levels of interconnection. And so those are really encouraging signals for me in terms of execution of the strategy. And over time, I actually think that will help us hopefully trend towards the lower end of our range in terms of churn.  So that is -- because as I've always said, the best defense against churn is getting the right deployments in to begin with. And so as we look at that, I think some of maybe larger footprints that were more susceptible to longer-term churn are things that we're not going to be doing. We will probably -- we'll be pushing those, particularly a very large footprints off to our -- into our -- into the xScale sort of entity, which is more equipped to deal with those dynamics. And I do hope that will improve our churn position over time.
Charles Meyers: Yes. It was -- we were, I believe, the preferred -- the only data center involved in that particular transaction. It was a data center consolidation activity, and also sort of integrating into a hybrid cloud architecture. And so they were really utilizing Cloud Exchange fabric as their mechanism to integrate both their network and their cloud connectivity between -- with their private infrastructure. And so really good multi-partner win and one we're really excited about in the quarter.
Charles Meyers: Yes. We -- I think the Americas business continues to perform well, particularly in terms of mix of business. I think we are -- probably the biggest driver is going to be sort of getting us through the last of the churn activity that's been sort of above the -- above prior levels, which is creating a drag in terms of what was essentially a $500 million business, which has not had any growth, and that impacts the overall America's growth rate. And so I think as that subsides, I think we'll start to see some growth there.  I do think we have opportunities to add in some of our key markets. We've already added capacity, which we're filling at a nice rate in NAP of the Americas. The deal -- or the Dallas campus expansion is underway. Over time, we'll probably add both large footprint capability there as well as increasing retail, so that will probably be an opportunity for us to get some additional growth from that market.  But I think the bigger things that I'm excited about longer term is us continuing to -- one, continuing to drive additional quota-bearing head count into the market to capture the significant enterprise opportunity we see. Our gross bookings engine is performing very well in the Americas, and not only in terms of landing bookings in the Americas assets, but also delivering those globally across the platform.  And so I think being able to continue to expand both our channel as well as our direct selling efforts in the region, and then over time, as we add new services, I think we're also going to be able to continue to enhance cabinet yields, but that's going to take some time for those new edge services to really mature.
Charles Meyers: Let me take the first one, and I'll ask Keith to address the timing and the GIC transaction. Relative to stabilized asset growth, yes, we've been kind of hovering around that 3% to 4% mark, Colby. And I think the catalysts for getting back into that 5% kind of range would be, one, as you noted and as I noted in the commentary, getting the Verizon assets sort of through the knothole. I do also think the 10 to 100 gig migrations have impacted those to some degree. We did see a good quarter in that. We actually saw a reduction in interconnection churn. I don't think we're all the way through that though. So I think we're -- it's going to sort of continue to go in ways, although the biggest thing -- the biggest players who I think have -- who were going to make that change have largely made it in the Americas. But there probably will be some more of that, that I think will create some downdraft on the stabilized asset growth.  And we talked about, there also being a few assets that we were actively migrating sort of business out of -- and those kind of impacted as well. So there's a variety of factors. I'm encouraged by what we can do, both with our Network Edge offer as well as with what we see on the horizon in terms of some of the additional edge services because we can deploy infrastructure, shared infrastructure into some of those kind of facilities and get kind of meaningful returns on that and maybe drive some additional growth in cabinet yields into those. But I think that's going to be a longer-term proposition, and we'll probably really stay in that 3%, 4% range for a bit.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, I think we've seen relatively broad-based sort of demand and strength in the European market. So honestly, our U.K. market continues to be strong despite sort of Brexit uncertainty, et cetera. I think that we have the luxury of a really broad-based business on the continent. And so I think it continues to perform very well. Whereas, I do think we are still seeing the movement of cloud providers into that market more comprehensively. And so that has driven both our direct business with us in terms of their network nodes and their private interconnection nodes, and I think now will fuel the JVs business in a significant way associated with the large footprint.  And then you're seeing the enterprise movement to hybrid and multicloud really start to catch up, I think, with where the Americas have been as well. So overall, it's been a pretty broad-based strong market for us. And I think the breadth of our business there is showing up nicely. And the teams are doing a great job. We're seeing strong channel activity in that business as well. I would say both Europe and Asia were a little bit sort of a little later in terms of the adoption of the channel, but we're seeing really strong channel uptick there as well.  So I wouldn't -- in that point, say necessarily anything in particular, but it definitely is a strong market overall.
Charles Meyers: It does. Yes, we're not -- we're definitely not seeing a softening there. We're -- we have the luxury of when we look at new projects and the fill rates that go with them, we have deep visibility into our pipeline. We have a really clear understanding of what our fill rates have been, and so we're continuing to allocate capital. We probably had a bit of a peak of -- or a bubble of capital that came through over the last couple of years in Europe. But definitely, there's sustained demand there, and so we'll continue to invest in that market as well.
Charles Meyers: No. We're still working through in terms -- but I would say that we have a very strong pipeline. And so we're relatively fresh off close in the JV and really getting our pipeline and forecasting and processes really refined between ourselves and our partner. But I would say that we have had really productive discussions with the 12 or so companies that we see as the primary drivers of hyperscale demand. And so I feel like we've got plenty of pipeline to support the JV aspirations.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I'd just reinforce that, Jordan. I think that when you look at -- that's one of the reasons why disciplined execution of the strategy, even though it's hard to drive the growth using -- with the smaller deal sizes, it requires significant volume and you've got to really drive the selling machine. It's the right thing to do, we think, in terms of generating long-term returns and value for our customers. And so we're really committed to that.  And when we look at the broader industry, in terms of what people are seeing, in terms of, really, spreads, particularly people who are exposed to the wholesale -- primarily the wholesale, or even the Hyperscale market and what sort of at pricing looks like, current pricing versus what maybe the entry was and what therefore that implies for re-leasing spreads, it's not a, I think it's not always a pretty picture. And so, luckily, I think we have limited exposure to that on a relative basis for sure.  And again, what we're seeing is essentially positive spreads because we're able to get the cumulative effect of PIs which we're very successful in implementing in our contract across huge number of contracts that are sort of rolling through the system. And even if that means that we do a price adjustment on a single contract on a net basis in the quarter, we're continuing to actually deliver more than sort of an overall positive price action. So that's really important dynamic in our business that I think is quite unique.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Great questions. The answer to both is probably a simple yes, but let me give you a little more color. I think, channel-wise, I do think we are able to continue to add both geographic coverage and coverage in terms of additional partner types that I think are going to be able to give us both increased reach. We, like many channel programs, see a bit of a sort of 80-20 rule, which is we see our 20% of our partners delivering a big chunk of our bookings. Although, it's interesting, we're seeing greater productivity across the full basis that we're starting to really get more breadth in the channel. So I do think both from a geographic standpoint and a partner-type standpoint, we're going to continue to add.  But our focus is less on adding new partners as it is making our existing partners more productive. And so that's really -- and our team is really doing a great job all right that. I'm super excited about some of the -- some of our key channel partners. If you look at two of the major partners here in the U.S., with AT&T and with Verizon, both is really critical strategic partners of ours. And now, really, they're leaning on our data center portfolio as the key way to deliver into their customers. And so we're super excited about that and have seen a lot of momentum.  And then also working with the hyperscalers themselves. And most of them are really seeing that their customers are saying, yes, we want to continue to consume more and more of your services, but we're doing it and we're integrating it with private infrastructure. And we want that private infrastructure to be immediately approximate to the cloud. And so that's really driving joint selling with the hyperscalers.  And then the -- relative to your second question, on the Americas. Yes, I do think -- any time you add new capacity, I think you tend to see a little bit of uplift. And so hopefully we'll see some -- we typically contemplate some anchor customers inside of larger phases, and so you might see some lift there. But again, we're -- I do think that we'll be able to get a bit of lift on that. But what you're seeing, I think, in terms of cabinet adds, is really just the really tight discipline on the business, and then a really attractive mix profile.
Charles Meyers: I don't know if I have that right off the top of my head. I expect that the Americas was meaningfully above that. And I'm not sure if the others were at or below the 30% in terms of their indexing. But I would say that from a trajectory standpoint, both APAC and Europe are really meaningfully increasing their percentage of bookings.  I would expect they probably were both lower than 30s, and that U.S. was the over-indexed piece there, but I'd have to go back and confirm it. But I would tell you that I think all three regions continue to trend positively in terms of channel bookings as a percentage of overall.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I think it's going to depend a little bit on how our business mix and new product portfolio continues to perform. Over time, I think that we're delivering digitally-enabled services, in some cases, like Network Edge. If you look at that service, it is one that should be able to be consumed by our customers directly and via channel partners with relatively limited friction. And I think that will enable us to increase the percentage of bookings that are done through our channel. I would say that we're still, at this point, more of a sell with sort of motion in our channel, and we're fine with that. We still get the expanded reach and relationship that those partners are giving us, and has very attractive economics.  But I think that, over time, I think we'll have a combination where we're really getting sell-through activity on a broader portfolio. And I've said it in the past, there's no reason it can't be north of 50% for sure. And so I don't know what the timing of that is. I think it will depend on a variety of factors, but we're really encouraged by the trajectory we're seeing there because at the end of the day, the customer's trying to solve a problem. And very often, almost always, that problem means combining the value add of another player with the compelling value proposition of global reach ecosystems, interconnection and service excellence that Equinix brings to the table. And combining those and solving the needs of a customer is what fuels the business. And so we're really excited about that. I think there's a lot of upside potential for it.
Keith Taylor: Phil, very astute question that you asked vis-à-vis the tax implications. We've talked about two sort of currency or tax matters in our prepared remarks this quarter. First and foremost, as it relates to the revenue side of the equation, because we -- when we bought Infomart, there was a, shall we say, a negotiation with the local taxing authorities and the value that gets ascribed to that building and we came to a resolution in Q3. But prior to that, there was a very large assessment that basically was charged, of course, to the tenants of Infomart building. And so we absorbed the cost, and the tenants absorbed, if you will, the pass through of some of those costs.  In Q3, once we settled the arrangement with the tax authorities, there's a meaningful step down in the amount of taxes that we -- collectively, we're going to pay. And as a result, for those tenants that were part of Infomart, they effectively are going to get a reduction on -- of their taxes, and that affects us directly on our recoveries, if you will, the revenues attached to that. But bottom line is, you've got to step back and say, okay, the revenues' come down, but economically, this was good for, not only our tenant, but it was even better for Equinix because of the -- because we have won a large tenant in the facility and we also absorbed a lot of the unused capacity, if you will, in that space, and that tax gets burdened on to us. So that was the first one. The second matter I just want to raise, because I think it's important, just to make sure, that was a property tax issue and it's always attached to recoveries. The second issue for us, vis-à-vis tax, is income tax attached to a very favorable hedge gains that we had on our hedges. And as a result, our income tax provision went up in Q3 because of how weak both the sterling and euro were relative to the U.S. dollar. As you know, a lot of that is reversed already in Q4, but we had to book the provision in Q3, and that's why you see that, that comes out in the bridge. And then to go back then to your last question, really, which was on the green initiatives. Suffice it to say, Charles has made comments, as did I. We're very, very focused on ESG as a corporation and our green initiatives. And those green initiatives, of course, come in many different shapes and sizes, if you will, from how we procure our power, to offsets, to variable indirect purchase -- power purchase arrangement. But there is a-- I would tell you, it's somewhere right now, we spend somewhere between $10 million and $20 million that we absorb to become 100% sort of, if you will, green-oriented and -- sorry, 100% focused on driving our power consumption through green initiatives.  And so we're highly focused on that. It is a $10 million to $20 million cost to the business, but we recognize it's important to not only the constituents in the company, but certainly to our communities and very important to our customers, given that we're in their supply chain.
Keith Taylor: Yes. So basically it would've taken us to the top end of our guidance range, on an FX-neutral than normalized basis. So basically, it was $4 million.
Keith Taylor: And Colby, as it relates to the second question, for Q4 -- for Q3, there's really no meaningful movement, as you know, for the Q3 quarter. And when we offered our prior guidance, it was really more about the influence that was going to take place in Q4. And just to remind you and everybody else on how this is going to get accounted for, recognizing that there is fee income that will come with the joint ventures. And as we continue to scale them up, there's fees that get attached to it. The fees come in through the top line through revenue. The equity ownership, the 20% ownership, that effectively comes through below the line, it will be in AFFO, but below EBITDA in the form of income from affiliated entities. And so that's how it sort of will present itself in our financials.  Suffice it to say, this quarter for Q4 and our guidance and implications on Q3, was -- is negligible. Think about $2 million on either side. And the reason for that is, it's all about timing. It's the timing of the cost, timing of the fees, timing of the income stream associated with how those customers in Seoul and the environment, and those two assets that we have and then as we continue to scale them.  So overall, what we'll try to do is continue to keep everybody fully abreast of not only this JV, but the ongoing JVs on what, if you will, the fund flow is. But for this year, as we said, there's really never going to be any meaningful impact to our financial results, and for all intents and purposes, it's just been absorbed into the ongoing.
Keith Taylor: Yes -- no, Jordan. I think -- so to just add, I just want to make sure. This was the -- one of our top performing quarters when we look at it across the whole year, but it was our best ever Q3. There's always a little bit of seasonality that comes into play. No surprise in our business.
Keith Taylor: Yes. And -- but the real drivers behind that are threefold. Number one is, and you heard Charles refer to it, is the deal mix is very, very positive. So the average deal size is a lot smaller, and that allows us to enjoy a better return on a per cabinet basis than we would otherwise see with a larger deal volume. No surprise. Second, you've got to add to that, the interconnection revenues and the opportunities that, that presents itself. But we do a very good job and we have done a very good job of selling this platform. And then you add to that the ancillary services that aren't -- clearly, they're just starting out, if you will. The attach rate that we would see to revenues on a go-forward basis could be very, very attractive. And again, Charles referred to that.  But the third piece is, and I hope it isn't lost on people. When we think -- but look, we're always having to live within the environment that we operate in, and market conditions at times make it very competitive. But when we renegotiate with our customers and this time there are price adjustments downwards, I think what you should draw great comfort for is that you keep on hearing us talk about positive pricing actions. That means those are the price escalators that are pushing pricing upwards. And so we tend to be in a very net positive position.  And so as a result, you've got 3 things that are working to your advantage, and hence, why you see the firmness across all 3 regions of the world despite the currency impact that we're seeing as we report all of this in USD, as you know. But despite all of that, you see very, very firm pricing, and I think it's a reflection of who we are and what we do and where we're taking the business. You can't lose sight of the fact that what Charles and all of us believe right customer with a right application, and the right data center makes a huge difference. And if we can mitigate some of that churn by all the incremental services you're going to continue to see, I would argue, a very firm pricing on a go-forward basis.
Keith Taylor: Yes. That's what a strong stock price does, as you can appreciate. So I mean, think about where the stock was on December of last year and where it is today. And so I think the most important part is we look at not only our Compensation Committee, but certainly Charles and myself and Brandi, who runs HR with us. We're always looking at appeasing the burn. And it's very important, number one, that we look at compensation and we look at it on a relative basis to what we need to do to attract the right people into the organization. But we also look at the burn and how that affects our financial results, and then what I'm more referring to here is the AFFO on a per share basis. And so all of these things are considered as we figure out how to fund our business and drive value into the share.  But no surprise to you, when the stock performed exceedingly well and you're growing a business, stock-based comp as a percent of revenue does go up. But that does not mean that dilution -- that we're diluting our stockholders anymore. It's just -- it's a reflection of what takes place. And as you look forward, of course, with the stock where it is, it's all about delivering value to an employee. And all else being equal, you would issue less shares next year because of the value of the stock as it is in its present form. So those are the thoughts I have. Happy to take it offline with you a little bit further, but there should be no surprise, our stock-based comp has been going up.
