Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, we had a solid start to the year. While we remain vigilant to the challenges in the broader macro economy. Our Q1 results were strong and our outlook remains positive with the overall demand for digital transformation, fueling our conviction around the long-term secular drivers of our business. We look forward to our upcoming Analyst Day in June where we will further outline the significant opportunity ahead and discuss our strongly differentiated position in capturing this opportunity as we enable our customers to access all the right places, partners and possibilities. We also look forward to diving more deeply into our evolving platform capabilities, our industry-leading go-to-market engine and sharing expectations of how all of this will translate into durable and differentiated value creation for our investors, our customers and the communities in which we operate. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Great question, Jon. So on stabilized growth, obviously, incredible results fueled, obviously, in part by PPI on the power price increase. So 11% is definitely really high. If you take out the effects of power price increase, that still takes you down to about 7%, so really attractive. And if you take out the new stabilized assets, which are obviously less mature and probably growing faster than others, take – we take it down to about 5% from the previous sort of portfolio of stabilized assets. So that's still at the high end of the 3% to 5% that we've been talking about. But this is pretty typical of the dynamic as you very well know, when you add in sort of a new set of stabilized assets sort of [indiscernible] the growth a little bit up. And then as you increase utilization and sort of tap out that growth, it might tend to sort of come back down a little bit. And then ROIC goes a little bit in the opposite direction. It's sort of impaired by the fact that these are less mature, but then I think we would tend to rise back. And so overall, we feel really good about stabilized assets. And I think they are a reflection of the strength of the business model. Billable cabs, yes, for sure, definitely good solid quarter in Americas. APAC is coming off a really strong quarter last quarter and so it was flat this one, EMEA actually had sort of no meaningful adds the last couple of quarters. And I know that creates a little sort of mental distance for people to see a couple of quarters without billable cabs. But I think it's important to remember that really the dynamics of the business as such. In EMEA, actually, if you look at eight quarter, 12 quarter trend, we've actually had a lot of strength there in terms of cabinet adds and you get into a situation where essentially you start seeing high utilization rates in certain markets Therefore, you're probably going to see a little less large footprint and then you actually start sort of a cycle of looking for good churn to try to make room. And that kind of – can lead to some flat spots, I think, from billable caps. But we always encourage people to really look at a longer-term trend. We clearly will grow can will and need to grow billable cabs across all three regions. And with the size of the development pipeline that we have, that will happen. But let me give you just a data point on Europe, one of the things – this happened in Europe, and it gives – I think it's something to sort of hang your hat on and really reinforce why we talk so much about our strategy and maintaining discipline in our strategy because we could turn ourselves into cabinet fingers and that's really not what we want. And so if you look at Europe, we actually had a churn this quarter in a market that is very tight about 440 cabs. And that was – it was a pretty low dense implementation from a power density standpoint and not really well interconnected. And so we were getting a cabinet yield there well below our average. When we go to resell that, we will likely resell that in significantly more small to midsized deals than sort of one big footprint. And when you look at what's likely to happen there, we're probably going to increase the revenue and therefore, the yield per cabinet, when you get more interconnection, higher power density and a higher price point, we'll probably increase the revenue from those 440 cabs, 50% from that capacity when all is said and done. And so the significant growth with no billable – essentially zero increase in billable cabs and no incremental CapEx. And so this is why when you hear us talk constantly about right customer, right application, right assets. And that's more than just a sort of a clever thing for the earnings call. That's a way of life here in terms of how we drive our sales team. And I think that gives you kind of a good reflection. So you will see the billable cab growth, but I think right now, you're seeing good healthy growth across those because I think we're playing every lever, power density, price point, interconnection, and I think it's really driving health in the business.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I think it's a little early to tell, but we have seen – it's interesting because ChatGPT has created a media frenzy around AI. But the reality is we've seen AI-related opportunities in our pipeline for the last several years. And for those that are familiar with the story and out on the investor circuit with us, you've heard me talk about that. And I think that most typically, it is people thinking about how to use their data and where to place their data. And what we're seeing is actually a trend towards people saying, we want to take our data and place it sort of inter cloud. We want to have control of that data. We want to intersect it with other data sources and we want to be able to move it into and out of clouds as appropriate for these things. And so we have seen some large training model training opportunities. Those are partially economically driven just it's actually cheaper to do on sort of dedicated hardware. If you have sort of a sustained commitment to doing AI training. And so we've seen some of those. And then inference deals, which I think are going to be a bit more interconnected, are where people are actually deploying inference AI inference use cases that are sort of – and I think we're going to be uniquely well suited is when insights are both, one, when data sets are dynamic and they're updated frequently, and they're taking in a lot of new data. And secondly, where insights are real-time and mission-critical. I think – and that really doesn't sort of fit the profile of the way current large language models like ChatGPT are being used. But we do think that what's going to happen is people are going to build vertically oriented sort of AI use cases on top of foundational models that are going to be sort of cloud-centric. And I think that we're going to be well suited to responding to some of those opportunities. So I think it's going to be a mix. I actually think some of the training stuff, Jonathan, is going to be more suited to our xScale portfolio. And I think some of the inference stuff is probably going to land in the retail portfolio at the digital edge. And so that's sort of the current dynamic, but early days, but I think an exciting incremental opportunity, and we're going to talk a little bit more about that at Analyst Day.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Nick, I'd offer a little bit more color in that saying, we have a few examples where I think we have footprints that probably would have been better suited to xScale facilities had we had them at the time that we took them that now we are sort of saying, hey, that we would really need that capacity for – to fuel the retail footprint. And obviously, in Singapore, there's a broader sort of capacity constraint concern, it's really critical that we recapture those. And so – but there are other – other markets where I think we see some of that opportunity and other markets in which some of these capacity constraints might come into play. It's also one of the reasons why I think we have to continue to lean in on sustainability. And the connection between those things is, I think, for us to make sure we're going to be in line to get the power allocations needed, the permits needed, et cetera, to continue to drive capacity in markets where jurisdictions are quite reasonably looking at how to manage their energy needs. I think it's going to be important that we are able to say, hey, we're the responsible party to partner with to continue to be a digital leader but be that in a really responsible way. So a lot of sort of interconnections between those various thoughts and threats.
Charles Meyers: Absolutely. Yes, as I noted, there's a few on the last call and in the script, there's a few factors that play out interconnection. Overall, one thing I'd say is traffic levels continue to be really attractive. You're seeing that in exchange. You're seeing that in terms of in fabric overall provision capacity. It's a little tougher for us to tell on physical cross-connects, exactly how much traffic is flowing because we don't – we don't like the electronics on those things. But it's fair to say that – I think what you're seeing is a trend towards significantly higher speeds to support higher and higher traffic. And by the way, I think AI is going to only add fuel to that fire. So gross adds have been strong. That's one of the things that we really look at is say, how many gross adds are there. And I think that's a primary indicator of health, and those have been very much in line with the four quarter averages. There is some grooming activity. As I said last quarter, we thought that would moderate – it did moderate to some degree, but was still there at an elevated level. I do think people are going to run out of low-hanging fruit on that one. And so I think that we'll eventually see more moderation there, and that will help the net adds further. I think this trend towards higher speeds, though is a more sustained trend. And so I think we're just going to have to look at kind of how – where things settle out. We've seen this in the past where traffic is sort of catching up to provision capacity a little bit. And so – but again, I think the long-term trend here is very high degrees of traffic flow, higher degrees of interconnection. The diversity we're seeing in the interconnection system and ecosystem is increasingly rich. So more a [indiscernible] sort of unique connections. And overall, just the strength is good. So 12% revenue growth a little lighter on the unit side. I do think we'll see some more moderation of the grooming per se, but I do think that that will be offset that we'll still see a little bit more in terms of fewer higher speed circuits. And so we'll just – we'll continue to track that. But I'll give you the punch line here. Interconnection is well north of $1 billion business for us, growing at 12% at very, very attractive returns on capital. And I think that the opportunity for us to continue to sort of lean into that and grow that business, particularly as we grow fabric. And as we think about what the bigger cloud networking opportunity looks like and what our role in it is – continues to be a big part of the Equinix story.
Charles Meyers: Lots in there. So let me try to hit them all. So yes, pricing is definitely firm. Obviously, PPIs have gotten a lot of airtime, but I think perhaps an even more important trend is our ability to sort of sustain pricing power on sort of the broader portfolio of service offerings. And so we have elevated our costs on space, power and interconnection from a list price perspective across all our markets. And so I think you're going to see that continuing to sort of roll into the business. xScale pricing has definitely firmed in across the world. And so I think we're seeing attractive price points and good solid cash and cash returns on the product projects that we're underwriting. And as we said, we got a very high degree of pre-leasing there. And so – and again, we've raised pricing both on the retail side, space, power and on the interconnection units. So we have – and then you have the escalators and we are – our escalators are also going up. And so in some cases, we're doing CPI or other index-based escalators, but then more broadly, if we're doing fixed escalators, they are much higher than they have been in the past. And so I think we're seeing all of that roll through as a clear dynamic in the business in terms of and you're seeing it show up in MRR per cap, right? I mean, we gave you a headline stat there and keep script about how MRR per cab is increasing. Yes, a big chunk of it due to PPI. But even absent that, I think our yield per cab, which is an absolutely critical metric for us continues to rise. So – and then on metal, we talked a couple about a couple of really nice wins. We are really cultivating early users in what is more of a product-led growth motion that's probably a little bit more typical of SaaS providers. And so we're cutting our teeth on that to be candid, but we're getting the hang of it. And we are seeing some uptake from developers and from started digitally native service providers. And we're also seeing some pretty big opportunities in our funnel about more traditional service providers or large enterprises looking to reduce the pain of managing the technology life cycle and metal really helps with that. So we'll probably talk more about that at the Analyst Day as well. But goes continue to feel good about the underlying drivers of that business and kind of why we did that acquisition in the first place.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Maybe Dave, a little bit of more color is that I think – I will tell you that we are also focused on every element of the business model. So if you look at the revenue line, say, P times Q, we feel very good about P, continue to feel good about Q and we're going to continue to work the heck out of that. I would say that at the next sort of a click down on cost of goods, we're continuing to drive efficiency sort of projects across the business to try to improve cost of goods and gross margin.  Then when you look down further, I also think just given the broader – we’re going to continue to be diligent on spent. We did spend – we opened up the wallet a bit to make sure we can add some more headcount, and we’re trying to bring them up productivity as quickly as possible. But you saw a flat SG&A spend quarter-over-quarter, and we’re going to continue to be very disciplined about that as well. And so, we’re going to work every element of the model and continue to do what we need to do to try to deliver the long-term performance.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Why don’t we – I’ll take the first one and then Keith can comment on the second one there relative to Hong Kong. But on M&A as I said, I do think there’s opportunities for us. We’ve talked about where some of those markets might be. I think Southeast Asia is going to continue to be an area of opportunity, we believe over time. And there’s several key markets there that I think we’ve got our eyes on. We’ve actually done a couple of organic projects already in Indonesia and Malaysia, and we’re going to continue to stay sort of eyes very wide open in terms of opportunities for us in that area. India, we’ve announced a new build in Chennai, but I do think there’s a lot of opportunity in India, and I think that could be a combination over time of organic and inorganic. And I think that we also I think one of the things that we have not done a lot of, or we haven’t done any of it yet, but I think that could be on radar, is thinking about opportunities from an xScale perspective in partnership with our partners. All of those probably represent some level of opportunity for us M&A and I think as we look at some of the dynamics and opportunities in the market, including AI. I think that could be those could be all very relevant for us. So that’s the first question, and then I’ll let – I’ll kick it over to Keith and he can talk a bit about the – this capital recycling question.
Charles Meyers: Yeah. And then Mike on the other one, I think I don’t want to steal any of my thunder for Analyst Day, but I would say that I think, we’ve always talked about multiple revenue or multiple growth drivers and levers in our business. Geographic expansion is one of those. So covering more markets, what’s a core market that evolves and changes over time. Obviously, we continue to get a huge chunk of our bookings and profits from these sort of scaled markets. But what you see is markets start to break into that group, and they mature to a certain level. And I think we’re going to continue to see that dynamic. The nature of distributed infrastructure continues to drive that. And so you’re seeing hyperscalers expand their edge or their presence. They’re both their edge and their core. And we want to be a partner to them in that. And so I think you’ll expect us, you should expect us to see continued investment to align with that. And where the digital edge is continuing to evolve. But I do think, our commitment is to continue to be that best manifestation. And so I think we’re going to continue to see geographic expansion as a driver. And then in terms of wallet share, I think it’s one, we are – we’re sort of a – we’re an underlying provider to these companies as they scale their infrastructure. And I think that is allowing us to play in a very significant way. But then, also capturing net new markets. I think if you look at service providers, for example, the number of service providers and the life cycle from a small service provider to a scaled service provider is changing in this sort of more cloud-centric world. And so I think we’re going to continue to have opportunities against both new market expansion, product line extension and new customer growth. All of those things I think are going to be drivers growth for us over time.
Charles Meyers: No, I mean, I think, in terms of character of the churn, I think there’s a certain amount of ours that is more frictional churn associated with people evolving their footprints, how they’re serving in customers. That’s particularly true in network providers and some other service provider types. I think that, I think you are seeing, you are going to continue to see some level of cloud migration workloads that are well adapted to the cloud ought to go there. I always – I keep sort of reiterating that, and so I think we see some level of that, but more typical – most typically that is in the context of sort of an evolution towards a long-term hybrid multi-cloud architecture state that really plays to our strengths. And the last comment I would make is that we keep, we always say this regard to churn, the best defense against churn is getting the right opportunities to begin with. And so sales discipline and executing as I’ve talked about earlier and in the script, that’s really central to sort of maintaining that churn. And I think our teams have done a great job on that. And interestingly, I guess the last category I’d give you when we do M&A, you find that there’s often sort of a churn tale that comes from that because people underwrite to a different sort of an approach. And so, you saw that in Verizon and you look at – we now are reaping the other side of that as we’ve sort of managed through that. And I’ll tell you that transaction is looking super attractive, right? And so I think you see some of that comes on the back end of M&A transactions that’s a sort of a third category.
Keith Taylor: Yes, Matt, if I can just maybe add a couple of quick points to what Charles said. The other part about the leverage being a little bit lower than we typically run at it, part just because of the money that we raised and the opportunity we sort of went for us to go into the market and draw on some – particularly on the debt capital in Japan, that put more cash on our balance sheet. And so that cash is going to get consumed, but one of the things I wanted to certainly you and the rest of the listeners to walk away with is that we do have the cash. We have the flexibility both operationally and structurally, but we're going to consume the cash. And in many ways, we're paying today for one, we're fully funded for all that we see, but you look forward in time and say, well, what are we going to do in 2024 and what are we going to do in 2025. And so you're already – we're already thinking ahead and hence my comments that we want to continue to raise capital because we know our dividend, our dividend is going to grow. We know we're going to continue to spend capital and the like. And we want to have that flexibility that Charles sort of alludes to when things shake themselves free, if it makes sense for us, then we would certainly strike, and we need a good strong balance sheet. All that said, at the end of the day, we're going to consume the cash, we're going to consume it into our growth cycles. And our leverage is actually going to go up because we're measuring it on a net debt basis. And again, I just think we all like the flexibility and the liquidity we have as a company, and we can use that to our fullest advantage going forward.
Keith Taylor: Well, first, it dovetails nicely into what Charles was really talking about in the European theater, where you have a tight market, you make some decisions about looking to optimize the environment. And with that, sometimes customers move out some of the large deployments. As it relates specifically to Singapore, my reference was no different really than again, what Charles is talking about. But we do see an opportunity. There happens to be a larger installation related to customer. And it maybe it does move to a different market for us, and that would be fine. But the real focus is getting capacity in the Singapore market, getting a price uplift and again, going back to what Charles talked about, that we are sort of maybe with the bread crumbs that we see something that we're looking at right now that is going to be upsized. And of course, when we do that, it has an impact on the net cabinets billing. And of course, it has an impact on our churn metric. I maintain the word churn is going to be at the lower end of our range for the year. So I'm not worried about that. But this billing cab – billing cabinet metric is the 1 that we're always sort of looking at, causes us a little bit of discomfort because we know we're doing the right thing for the business and yet it presents itself maybe a little bit unfairly to us. And so – the bottom line is that's an initiative that we would embark upon. And Singapore is not the only market. Any place that we see that opportunity. And again, I will refer back to Charles' comment, but we don't need – where we can get an uplift an optimization of the asset. We don't have to put more capital to work and you're driving value into the equation. And so that's just a real good outcome for us. And if we can do that in places, we are tight and there is the demand, we'll make sure that we do it.
Keith Taylor: Sure. Well. Thanks, David, and thanks for – laying over there. And I think, first, if you start on the red line and you look at sort of the quarter-over-quarter movement, the first thing you notice is that it is not an overly substantial increase quarter-over-quarter coming off such a big number from Q1 relative to Q4 last quarter. But one of the things you'll appreciate and those hands was built into my comments in my script, nonrecurring revenue is moving around quite a bit. And right now, we're making the underlying assumption that it's not hitting in any specific quarter. And so what you're seeing is a meaningful step down in nonrecurring revenue between Q1 and Q2. So that's the first thing. And so you feel that in many different ways, but you certainly do feel it on the EBITDA line as well. The second thing is sort of attached to that is xScale we are – as Charles alluded to in his script, we sold out on complete asset in Frankfurt, and we are very active in some – across all three regions of the world, and we anticipate a lot more xScale activity. And so you'll see that play itself out into the year or throughout the rest of the year. Right now, our MRR trends about 5% of revenue for the year. I think it's probably going to be roughly 5% of revenue. But the range is going to be somewhere between 4.2% and about 7% and between the next three quarters. And we don't know exactly where. So we haven't really guided as well as we maybe would want to given the set of circumstances. And then the last piece I'd just say, look, there's an element of conservatism built into our model here for obvious reasons. And again, we're trying to be very prudent about what we look at. We give you – we know what we did for the first quarter. We're running a little bit ahead. That was again, associated with xScale, the xScale fees. But as we look forward, we really just wanted to at this stage of the game, give you the FX and then continue to look at what's going on in the business. As it relates specifically to the power and the power costs, Again, no surprise. We've been very thoughtful about the power dynamics for this year and the power price increases. And we had to factor in and look exactly what was the cost going to be for the year, including when do the hedges roll off and when did some other start and what's going on. And in the regulatory – the regulated environment. And then there are some other markets that we are going to be putting price increases through effective on May 1, and that's Hong Kong and Tokyo. So looking at all of that, more specifically, our costs are going up. And so you're going to feel that throughout the rest of the year. It's baked into the guide already was baked into the original guide. So this isn't a shift and what you should see is really EBITDA profitability continued to increase throughout the rest of the year. So again, I think we've got a making of a really good plan here, but we're going to – we're sort of holding firm on what we hopefully shared with you when we started the year knowing that one other thing that's really working in our favor is currency. And again, we get a little bit of currency, but we're all sort of reading the same thing. If you look at what the U.S. dollar could do anywhere between now and the next 12 months, some are calling for a 5% depreciation, so we're calling as high as a 15% depreciation of the U.S. dollar and 60% of our revenues reside outside of the U.S. and you don't have to go very far to figure out what is the implication of that is 60% of our revenues move 5% or 15% before taking into consideration the hedges. You have a really substantial move on top line and on bottom line. And that drives a lot of value on a per share basis. So hopefully, that gives you sort of a full look at all the things we're thinking about and try to share with you. But at this point, we felt really comfortable just sort of holding firm on our guide and just give you a little bit of FX and some operating performance coming out of Q1.
Keith Taylor: Yes. And thanks Charles. So Michael, I’ll say a few things. First and foremost, we typically are not a recycler of assets. I think you have to step back and we’ve said this, actually one of the analyst stay, I think it was, might have been the last one, where’re basically we’re a platform and all assets are very important to the platform. And in particular, Hong Kong is a very important asset to us and something that is important to our platform. So we don’t think about the business as selling assets, but we do also – we do think about ways – innovative ways to allow us to scale and grow the business. And an example of that is our Jakarta business, where we recently entered into our partnership with a large conglomerate so that we go into that market in tandem. And it just, it’s a – it is an innovative – sorry, innovative way to actually to raise capital. And so overall, we’re not in the business of selling assets. But we’re always looking across our portfolio and trying to figure out how to optimize the capital structure. And I think that sort of best reflects our view that the platform, the Equinix platform is critically important to all the different assets that we have in our portfolio.
Keith Taylor: The only other thing I would add Michael to Charles’ comments, the other aspect of it is operationally we are highly focused on running the business more efficiently. We’re very renewable and sustainable – sustainability focused and as a business, we want to continue to make sure we drive down the overall cost of the business. And so that’s going to be an important aspect on a go forward basis. And Charles also made the comments in his prepared remarks around PPAs and our desire to go into contractual arrangement with whether it’s wind or solar developers and create capacity for the market. And we see that as a bigger part of our business going forward as well. I think it sort of, it tamps down some of the volatility because it is predictable over an extended period of time at least those arrangements are. But overall, it’s the combination of all those things and our commitment to a 100% renewable just as that’s a critical aspect of our energy strategy as well.
Keith Taylor: Yes. I think, first and foremost, it’s a great question. And our confidence really comes from the fact that the team does a deep analysis into our customers. I know surprise to you, when you look at our top 10 customers, again, it’s on the charts, but top 10 customers represent about 18% of our revenues. The top 50 represent about 37%, 38% of our revenues. We have a really long tail. And so we have great visibility into – particularly into our larger customers and what they’re doing. So that’s the first thing. The second thing is it’s critical infrastructure. And it’s not to suggest that companies don’t struggle financially or there’s consolidation or they choose to bifurcate their infrastructure choose or even just choose to do something completely different. But overall, when the majority of our growth comes from the install base and we’re continuing to deliver very high quality assets with a very high operational standard around the world, we just tend not to suffer the same level of churn that we had previously. And from my point of view, it’s the deep analysis of the team’s done and the visibility into what we see going forward that gives us confidence that we’re not going to see any meaningful churn beyond what we’ve guided to. And Brett, the other – last thing I would just say that if we there’s visibility to something that comes in size, we’re going to telegraph it anyway. But there’s just no indication that exists. And it goes back to what is the customer fundamentally doing inside our business and can the grow and scale? And that’s what we’re seeing is those customers continue to buy more services, enter into new services, and then as we introduce new service offerings, I think it’s just an enhancement or even a limiter to the amount of churn that we’re going to experience as a company, because we provide alternatives. So we’re not a one trick pony. So that would give, that sort of, gives you I guess, the overall sense then. Let me leave it there.
