Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, 2023 was a year of significant progress and focused execution against our ambitious agenda. While macro uncertainties persist, we anticipate continued economic recovery as we move through 2024 and believe this will continue to embolden customers to accelerate their digital transformation agendas with a keen focus on capturing business value through the extraordinary power of AI. Against this backdrop, demand for hybrid digital infrastructure should continue to grow and we're confident that the character of this demand will increasingly align with the distinctive advantages of Equinix, offering customer flexibility to deploy architectures that are more distributed, more cloud connected, more on-demand and more ecosystem rich than ever before. Features that have positioned Equinix once again as a leader in IDC MarketScape's worldwide assessment of data center services. Digital transformation is reshaping the fabric of our world, unlocking extraordinary possibilities and changing the basis for competition in almost every industry. Thanks to our distinct and durable advantages, Equinix is well positioned to capture these opportunities. Through the combined balance sheet power of Equinix and our JV partners, we'll continue to invest in supporting the vigorous demand for large-scale cloud and AI infrastructure around the world. Simultaneously, we will leverage the reach and connectivity of the world's leading retail platform to ensure that Equinix remains the best manifestation of the digital edge and a critical point of Nexus [ph] for modern cloud-centric architectures. Reaffirming our purpose to be the platform where the world comes together, enabling the innovations that enrich our work, our life and our planet. So, let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks for the question. Yes. Look, I would say overall demand signal, I think, remains strong. But as a reference it, we continue to see what we're characterizing these crosscurrents in the business. And we've seen -- seen those great bearing levels of revenue headwind over the past few quarters, really from 3 sources, I'd say. The first 2 really related to macro, as you mentioned and the last one, a bit more Equinix specific. First, I think a bit of extension in the sales cycle. In Q4, a bit similar to what we saw in Q1 of '23 we saw more deal slippage which we really had not seen in Q2 and Q3. And so we thought that we were served in a better spot. But not a lot of lost deals but a number of deals that got pushed one or more quarters and that affected the quarter and the exit rate. Second, we saw churn as slightly elevated. And I think more towards the high end of our range which really reflects the continuation of the optimization activity that we -- and candidly, others across the infrastructure space have been highlighting throughout 2023. And then the last one I'd say is really more -- a little more specific to us. I think we continue to grapple with capacity constraints in some of our key markets. And that hits us on the gross fitting [ph] since we really can't accommodate larger footprint requirements in those markets and it hits us on the churn side, in some cases, as we work to try to free up capacity through doing some churn and though we've seen that certainly in markets like Cisco or so [ph]. All those factors combined to give us a little lighter Q4 and therefore a little bit lower exit run rate. And as you know, in a 95% recurring revenue business that kind of puts you behind the power curve. So our full revenue guide come in a little bit below our Analyst Day range. But again, as you saw, a lot of things, I think, to be -- to feel good about, given the xScale strength, I think we saw strong bookings performance in our retail sweet spot. A very healthy pipeline and starting to see signs of emergence of an even bigger AI-related pipeline. So we continue to be upbeat about the long-term opportunity. And importantly, I think despite the lower revenue guide, I think we're continuing to see robust pricing, really driving some operating leverage in the business when that continues to really translate to those attractive returns on capital. A growing dividend and AFFO per share performance that really is at the top end of our long-term guidance range. So I think that's the overall thing. And again, I think really, we'd love to be in that range, believe me. And it's disappointing that we're not. But I think we're giving you a realistic view of what we think the current market content will support and we're going to go like hell to try to beat that. So that's that. Relative to U.S. xScale [ph], yes, we are absolutely working on how we're going to continue to be more aggressive in this market. We think there is opportunity. As you know, our tune and my tune specifically has changed a bit on that over the last couple of years. And I think we're positioned to really continue to get some significant, both economic and strategic benefits by advancing our investment in that. And so we're hard at work on that. Nothing specific to report here but I think you'll hear from us in the near future on that.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, AI is a really interesting one. I think there is a massive opportunity. I think similar to what other people are seeing, we see it as hugely promising and moving very quickly but still pretty darn early in the overall cycle. So it's -- it clearly was a major factor in our xScale leasing. Obviously, record bookings there and I expect we're going to continue to see a lot of strength and that's informing a bit of that desire to lean in on that investment. I wouldn't say it's yet proving to inflect our retail bookings. As I just said, we kind of -- we were a little shorter than we wanted to be there. But again, we're seeing the green shoots there, we saw some great early on the retail side, both last quarter in terms of these network nodes to support large-scale training requirements with some of the service fares we talked about those. And then some really good enterprise wins as they're looking at really enterprise-level training as well as inference and how to really unlock the full power of the AI ecosystem. And so -- and we think the NVIDIA DGX private cloud managed service is a really distinctive offering. And we're seeing big pipeline build there with NVIDIA on that front. And so -- so I do think we have a very broad range of where I think we can offer that around the world and we'll continue to expand that over time. But again, I think a hugely exciting opportunity. In terms of -- you asked about the TAM, I mean as I said at the Analyst Day, I think the TAM is huge. And so I think it's probably bigger than what we've set out there. I think when you look at the possible impacts and kind of what we're seeing in terms of the early returns on AI, I think you're going to continue to see a lot of investment flow to that. And so I think the TAM is probably bigger than what we outlined. I think the key for us is really where can we be distinctively differentiated in that. Yes, I think we're going to get a piece on the xScale side. But I think the more differentiated position for us over the long term is unlocking the power of the AI ecosystem through this sort of cloud adjacent set of offerings. And on the digital services side, our cloud adjacent storage and Fabric Cloud Router all sort of hitting in that sweet spot of what we think customers are really looking for -- control over their enterprise data ability to access AI tools from the hyperscalers who are innovating rapidly in that area, stitch it all together and make it work in a way that makes sense for them. And so Fabric Cloud Router, fabric, cloud-adjacent storage, all things that really play into that. So we continue to be very optimistic about that. But I would say tempering expectations, I think it's going to -- it's going to take a little time for that to really fully realize itself in terms of the bookings flow.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I would say more on cabinets and power. The cross-connect turn is looking a lot like it has for the last several quarters, John. Growth activity continues to be strong. I think we're seeing some grooming, particularly in the network service provider segment as their businesses are a bit more challenged and I think they're really focused on cost reduction. We are seeing some consolidation into higher speeds. So that's a bit of a bit of a headwind. But I think the more, the more, the elevation was a bit more on the cabinets and power and CapEx side. But it really is related primarily, I think, to people resizing footprints in a way that is -- aligns to what their more immediate need is because I think that it's, we have -- I think there was a time there when people were saying, "Hey, I have more than I need but I'm just going to hang on to it." And I think we -- that was the case in '22. But in '23, we've seen people a lot more pressured by budget. Part of that, we think, is actually related to -- you, guys, asked us a lot of questions when we did the PPI around would that create elasticity. And we haven't seen what I would consider traditional elasticity of demand but what we have sort of heard coming from our sales teams is a pressure that says, "Hey, I ate up all my budget with the PPI. And so I can't grow as I expected. And so if I want to do some of the things, I'm looking to do on the AI front, I got to find room." And so they've been more typically contracting footprints. And so that's really the dynamic we're seeing. Let me give you a little more color on a couple of areas. One, only a single-digit percentage of our churn is full customer churn. So almost all -- the rest of it is all people moving around resizing footprints, that kind of activity. And quite encouragingly, I said, well, let's look at those customers and those that are churning and tell me what their other -- what their activity level is across the rest of the platform. And quite encouraging for the most part, you're finding those customers are buying elsewhere in tandem with the optimization work that they're doing. And so I think that's really the dynamic there. In terms of, I would say we've seen a little more of that in Europe, John. And that's probably because we were -- had a little large footprint population there. So I think we're seeing it a little heavier there. But again, our guide says sort of assumes that we're going to continue to see some of this through the first half of this year with attenuation of that in the back half of '24.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean I think we're very focused right now on organic. We would certainly not be -- we wouldn't necessarily not be open to inorganic. I just think it's a tougher thing in terms of identifying those assets. I think the multiples at which those things are trading are pretty heady, to say the least and plenty of competition for those assets. And so I think we're primarily focused on organic. And -- but again, if the circumstances and conditions change, one, our balance sheet is always ready. And I think we'd be open to that. But I think our focus is probably more so on the organic side.
Charles Meyers: Well, Mike, I'd say that the short story on it is that 7% to 8%, I think, is 3% to 5% is the way to think about the stabilized assets. And the balance of that is going to really need to come from the broader portfolio which is probably going to have less mark-to-market juice. I think the 3% to 5% has to come in part from some juice in the mark-to-market opportunity that we have in the stabilized assets. Because those are the ones that are going to be rolling through. You probably have a little less than that in the non-stabilized portfolio because they are newer -- in newer contracts with probably less of a gap there. And then we're just going to have to continue to drive the volume on the gross bookings side.
Charles Meyers: Thanks, David. So on private AI, I do think there's strong similarities and some differences between what we think about private cloud or hybrid cloud. But I think the dynamic is quite similar. And in fact, I was looking at an industry survey that was recently given to me that showed that based on their discussion with respondents that we're implementing Gen AI, about 32% of those funds were doing that in public clouds, exclusively. About 32% we're doing it in private cloud exclusively. And about -- and now 36%, we're doing it in a hybrid between some private cloud, some public cloud. And the folks who are doing it in public, many of them were doing it in more than 1 public cloud. And so that dynamic in sort of how we saw cloud large play out over the last several years. And I think the end state is going to be that, that 36% is going to be a much bigger number. In other words, a much larger number of people are going to be doing sort of prosecuting their AI agenda through both public and private infrastructure. But I would say when we talk about where private AI happens, a lot of it is really focused on where people want to place their data. And this desire to -- and it is sometimes about the proprietary nature of that data and controlling it, etcetera and it sometimes about the cost of moving data in and out of public clouds. And other factors, including performance. And so private AI, what we're seeing is people saying, look, I want to maintain my control over my enterprise data. And I want to place it somewhere that is cloud adjacent because the hyperscalers are innovating at such a rapid rate that I want to use their models, their tools, their -- and then you have this broader ecosystem outside of just the hyperscalers that is also evolving that people want to connect to. And so cloud adjacent storage Equinix Fabric and Fabric Cloud Router are incredible tools and then you mix that with the color [ph] opportunity that they might need to place GPU infrastructure and that kind of thing, that's really what we see as the essence of the private AI opportunity. And so -- and it does, I think, seem to be taking shape in a way that's really positive for us. And then, go ahead on the second piece on the -- I know that we had that question before, David, we figured that one might be coming.
Charles Meyers: There's lots there. All of things -- thanks for the question, Michael. All things that are obviously top of discussion around FX in various places. I do think that, look, GPUs are sort of something that is much more special purpose, dedicated compute that is -- that goes beyond the traditional CPU realm. I mean, I think is a very, very clear trend. That said, I don't think that it's a world where all things compute and all things AI are necessarily done by GPUs. And I think that there is going to be a range of players that I think continue to evolve on the compute side of things to provide chips that meet various sets, of various purposes in the AI realm. And so in terms of the AI and I don't -- we aren't seeing is this massive shift out or from CPU to GPU. What we're typically seeing is people adopting GPUs in parallel. And I think that even some things that are currently GPU-centric, we think over time, may actually be well served by either current or future generations of CPU. And so we're not seeing that as a big obsolescence trend. And that relates a little bit to the second part of your question and I think both on inference and training because I would say that the evolution of the data center design needs to respond to both of those things. I would say the more acute near-term evolution is on the training side. Because it's substantially more power dense and does require, I think, different thinking around that power density and the cooling to support it. And so I think the much higher average density design that we would probably put forward xScale build-out would be that more acute representation of the near-term change. On the inference side and I think broadly on the retail side, we are seeing densities, power densities rise but at a slower rate. And I think that our ability to implement liquid cooling as long as we have access to a chilled water loop, our ability to get liquid cooling into the facility to support high-density implementations is quite high. And in fact, we announced that we can do that in a large number of markets around the world. So I think we're in a good position. I don't think we face a situation where we're going to have meaningful obsolescence even of our significantly more dated assets. And so especially as we can implement liquid cooling inside of those facilities. And so -- but I think we're -- those are things we continue to track and I do think they're going to have to be very top of mind for us. And probably the overall pace of change in our design is going to increase in this next decade than it was in the one prior for sure. piles.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Let me take that one first, Matt. We have -- some of that business has close to -- some of that closed very quickly immediately after the quarter and that's just sort of a natural turn of events. Some of it is in our commit for Q1 and some of it has rolled into Q2 or quarters forward from that. So very little lost. We did -- we had lost some of that but very little of it. And so really primarily push forward. Again, as I said, Q4 did unfortunately look a little more like Q1. We would have referred it to look a lot more like Q2 and Q3. But that is the dynamic. And I think that we're -- it's hard to fully predict. But again, our customers, the sentiment we hear from customers is one, yes, we have tighter budgets. Yes, we're continuing to optimize. But boy, we sure are committed to what we're doing on the digital side of things. And yes, we want to talk to you about what we're doing in AI. And yes, we want to figure out where to place our data. But I think those things take a little time to translate into firm bookings trajectory. And then as to why we feel a comfort level around mitigation churn, we do have good visibility to our pipeline. In fact, our large deal churn, we've gotten very good at forecasting. We saw a little bit more midsized churn in Q4 which contributed some to the elevation. And so I think we have to keep our eye very closely on that. And I don't have a ton more to offer you on that particular view. But I think that we do think that it is realistic for us based on what we're hearing in terms of appetite from customers that we would see some abatement and churn in the second half. I'll add one more comment. It used to be, I would say, '21 and most of '22, I think there was a scarcity mindset relative to data center capacity. '23 really changed pretty meaningfully. The macro conditions changed. This sort of desire to tighten budgets, the desire to kind of offset the impact of PPI. I think all did play into what we were hearing was this very different appetite and a higher degree of optimization. I would say, I think we're seeing the front end, though, of some of our customers who have at least talked to us about turning back some capacity, sort of come back and say, yes, don't put that back on the market yet because we're not sure we want to give up capacity in this market. And so that's the first time, I think, in a while that we've heard that kind of mindset. It's typically from larger service providers. But I think we're going to probably see -- we're starting to see the front end of that. And so again, if macro does what we think it will do which we would probably see some improving interest rates over the course of the year. I think we would see a generally improved macro environment and I think that's sort of informing our guidance.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, we certainly see some -- it's not like we don't see any competitive loss. But our or -- and I would say it's more typically on some of the larger footprint stuff. I think there are certain use cases that were just -- so competitively distinguished that we have less that there's -- it's less likely that we'll see those it's oftentimes more a timing issue. I do think that where we're tight, customers sometimes have to find another way, right? And so we hate that but it happens. But I wouldn't say overall -- there's certainly certain markets where we have solid people with a solid value proposition that I think can compete effectively in certain markets. And I do think we're starting to see also just people thinking about how they want to allocate their workloads. And so the overall share of wallet continues to be more of the question in terms of how people are thinking about their spend going forward.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, I think overall, we're seeing a really robust pricing environment, right? And so -- and probably many of the -- we put forward through a number of price increases. I do think we're evaluating a price increase on interconnection in the U.S. market. I think -- but overall, I think that's certainly one contributing factor to our ability to continue to drive growth in the business. And I think that firm pricing is also has really, I think, informing the really critical overall message here which is a degree of confidence and a really attractive guide on the improving profitability of our business and the AFFO per share guidance which is, in fact, at the sort of more towards the top end of our Analyst Day guide. And so -- and again, as we've said, that's really our lighthouse metric. We think it's the bedrock of value creation when you combine that with our dividend yield and overall creates a really attractive story.
Charles Meyers: Yes, we don't see that as typical as there -- in a lot of markets, I think that our position is so -- it's not that we're the only game in town. And so yes, there is some substitution in cases but it really is more us seeing that people saying, hey, things that they weren't using, things that they can consolidate on the higher-speed circuits, those kind of things are really the broader dynamics. Also, I would tell you that I think we're seeing that the positivity or the positive benefits of being able to have the full range of services available for our customers is really there. And so they may say, "Hey, your -- we think your metal offering really meets our immediate need here. It's our agile as [ph] is more flexible." We may eventually move that into colocation over time or sometimes the opposite. And so -- so I think that the momentum, both in the data center services and I think increasingly on the digital services side, even though I think we've got a lot of work to do continue to evolve our go-to-market motion and our underlying cash systems and processes, etcetera, to really support the slightly different business that an as a service model provides in digital services but I think we're continue to make good progress there. And I think our full portfolio of offerings is resonating well with the customer.
