Stephen Smith: Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Equinix delivered strong financial results in Q2, driven by strong global demand with a good mix of opportunity across all of our industry verticals. Revenue was $394.9 million, which included $11.7 million from our controlling interest in ALOG in Brazil, up 9% quarter-over-quarter and 33% over the same quarter last year. Adjusted EBITDA was $181.3 million for the quarter, or a 46% adjusted EBITDA margin, above our expectations. This result also included $3.1 million in adjusted EBITDA from ALOG. Net income was $30.7 million for the quarter, up from a net loss of $2.3 million in the prior year. Equinix's business and the current market opportunity remain strong, and we feel that we are extremely well positioned to achieve our objectives for 2011 and beyond. The strength of our model is attributed to several important market and business trends. We continue to find ourselves well positioned at the intersection of mobile, video, IP and cloud growth. Our go-to-market strategy around ecosystems is a strong driver of our growth as evidenced by the approximately 90,000 cross-connects deployed globally. Platform Equinix continues to deliver significant value to customers operating worldwide. CIOs are increasingly locating critical infrastructure closer to their end users, deploying a decentralized architecture across multiple markets to achieve better application performance while reducing their operating costs. Our global footprint gives us the opportunity to serve these needs and is a key competitive advantage for Equinix. More than 73% of our recurring revenues comes from customers deployed in multiple markets and more than 54% from customers deployed in multiple regions. We have seen this accelerate over the past several quarters.  As global demand for our services grow, we are experiencing record quarterly bookings, while pricing remains stable as reflected in our increased Monthly Recurring Revenue per cabinet. Meanwhile, churn has decreased on a global basis. This is all underpinned by the strength of our global operations as evidenced by our near 100% operational availability.  Careful fill rate analysis and our just-in-time approach to expanding Platform Equinix has resulted in a very efficient use of our capital. We'll touch on this more later, but suffice it to say, all of these factors give us great confidence that we will continue to achieve our targeted returns. Before I turn it over to Keith, a couple of quick updates. First, you probably saw that we had a very successful financing event this month, raising $750 million in high-yield debt at attractive terms. This opportunistic transaction demonstrates the strength of our position and provides the company with added strategic and operational flexibility. We expect to use a portion of the proceeds from this offering to repay our 2012 convertible debt, which avoids equity dilution of 2.2 million shares. The remaining use of proceeds may include continued investment in expansion projects or strategic and organic activity such as bolt-on acquisitions. Any remaining proceeds will be held on the balance sheet. As you may have seen in our release today, we are excited to announce our 10th IBX in the D.C. metro area, which is available for preordering and should open in the first quarter of 2012. This will be a specialized retail offering to meet the needs of customers who want all or most of their infrastructure requirements met by a single strategic partner. Digital Realty is collaborating with Equinix to build this IBX facility based on a customized set of Equinix specifications. The DC10 facility will be very similar to our business services suites that we have built in Asia and Europe and complementary to our current offering. We also announced the availability of our business continuity services in Milan, Italy, to address existing customer demand in this new market. This service is already available in Frankfurt, Düsseldorf, Hong Kong, Munich and New York. Now I'd like to turn it over to Keith to review the financials.
Stephen Smith: Let me start, and Jarrett and Keith could add in. We have a total of 3 leases at that facility. I think 1 has already been renegotiated, and there's 2 that are still outstanding. On the surface, we don't see, based on the intelligence we gathered, any issues with extending those leases. Jarrett, I don't know if there's anything...
Stephen Smith: Well, generally, Gray, the demand has remained very steady across all of our industry verticals, as I said in the prepared comments. It's a more mature market as you well know. So there's a different level of focus in terms of extending deeper into our existing customers, which is what we're doing. We've got much more focus on our big global accounts. So we're going wider -- we're getting deeper and wider into these accounts. And as I mentioned, the networks, we're seeing a lot of growth because we're getting better coverage with some of these strategic accounts. So our goal is to continue to grow the existing base. We still have a good focus on new logos coming in, in the U.S. market. I think in all these industry verticals, we see a lot of upside in terms of new logos and opportunity to continue to grow. So we're very optimistic about growth in the North American market.
Stephen Smith: Yes, Colby. This is Steve. Let me just start off with that, and maybe Keith can find [indiscernible] update at that and we'll give you some color on that. But on the acquisition front, I think the recent acquisition that we did in Brazil is going to be indicative of what you should expect from Equinix as you think about going forward. We have consolidated all the systems and operation at Switch and Data, so we successfully have that behind us. We completed that in May. We did a full reconciliation of the installed base. So all that is done and fully integrated, and the asset is performing well. We're covering those markets. So everything with Switch and Data is exactly where we wanted to have it. But in terms of go forward in acquisitions, I would tell you, we're mostly focused in the markets that I've mentioned in the past, where we try to find an asset that does exactly what I described in my prepared remarks in Amsterdam and similar to what we did in Brazil. That's the focus. We want to find something that's more of a bolt-on that gives us a start in the high-growth market, and there's a handful of those high-growth markets that our business development team is active in today. So that's the priority focus for us.
Stephen Smith: Mike, the one thing I'd add to what Keith is saying is our whole go-to-market, as you've heard us talk about, is squarely aimed at ecosystems. So the byproduct pull-through is going to be more cross-connects and ports and our switches as we continue to focus on that. All of our product development, all of our focus in the company is completely aimed at ecosystems and interconnection. That's the type of applications we're focused on in these IBXs.
Stephen Smith: Let me start on that and have Jarrett jump. Jarrett -- we've asked Jarrett to really grab ahold of this whole business continuity around trading rooms, where it started in several markets. We have in Frankfurt, Munich, Hong Kong, New York. We had a customer that access out of Frankfurt to go help them in Milan and that's what initiated the opportunity. But it's going to -- Jarrett is going to take the business and his team from a business continuity around trading rooms, which is where historically we've been for several years and think about expanding that a little bit further to other markets because there's quite a bit of demand for this. And Jarrett, you want to add...
Stephen Smith: So just to size that for you, Chris. The Milan decision, the initial investment is less than EUR 1 million. But a very good client, big client, it gets us started in their market like that. So we see a business continuity around trading rooms, possibly extending into business continuity services in a little bit broader perspective and that's what we're studying.
Stephen Smith: Well, Brazil was at the top of the list that we've been staring at for the last couple of years, and I think we want to go and be really successful in Brazil first. We did look at a couple of ancillary markets in that region. But our complete focus in that region is to get very stable on Brazil and make this thing highly successful and that's where all our energy is today.
Stephen Smith: And the one thing I'd add Keith -- Chad, is as Keith said, and we've experienced this in other markets, multinational clients going down to that part of the world want more handholding for total service. So it is not going to be uncommon for us to have up to 1/3 of this business being managed type of services because the clients are going to want more help in that part of the world around hardware and software and different things. And so a part of this mix will probably remain in the managed bucket for some time. As Keith said, we'll evolve this thing and really make the colo part of it get Equinix-ized over time.
Stephen Smith: Well, there's -- the network destiny is not as dense as it is in the U.S. but they've got several carriers that are connected into both of those markets. And yes, over time, we will push the interconnection agenda. And with multinational traffic heading in that direction, we expect to have that part of the mix. So it's all part of the agenda.
Stephen Smith: Let me start, and Keith, won't you add. Simon, in terms of Asia, as you know, we've opened up capacity in a pretty rigorous fashion here during this first half of this year in all markets in Asia. The only thing that's announced that's out there later this year is another phase in Hong Kong, which you're right, there isn't anything that's projected because we brought on a lot of capacity in the first half of this year that's going to carry us through the back of this year and early 2012. So I don't know what else you can add to -- I mean, there's not much we can really point to in 2012 at this point.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, I think there is a need. I think there is an additional capability to build out there, so we're seeing demand pick up in Secaucus and some in downtown New York as an alternative. So we are seeing an opportunity to leverage Secaucus and the campus there. That also is feeding in, I think, in some of the decisions in N.Y. 5, but there isn't room to grow. And particularly, it's important to the financial electronic trading community. They're going to be looking more and more at Secaucus at us. That's some of the traction in backing for N.Y. 5.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, just building a space and desktop infrastructure in the local market, and we're really seeing demand where we can support both the primary site and the secondary site that's really pretty close, that they're leveraging it through. And it's a low cost to get into these markets. It's really a low-cost built out for us. So we're in the process of productizing it, not just for financials, but for some of the other verticals.
Jarrett Appleby: Yes. So Frank, yes. We wanted to really -- we've been talking about this for a little bit and talk about the importance of the stack, the foundation, the IP, the transit and peering infrastructure. It's actually expanded into private network, enabling Ethernet and NDLS. And that's really a key enabler for the cloud providers, financial services and the network community to come together. So it's still early days. We're up right now 48 participants. We're in 16 markets. Actually, our competition is backing off in the global markets. We don't really see competition outside the U.S., and most of the competition in the U.S. has moved to secondary markets. And so we're getting traction in the core markets, working up the staff. And that enables cloud, managed services, CDN and mobility. And so we're still at the early days on the new services, but it's all in one location, very unique asset that we have. And again, it builds on the ecosystem and the traffic exchanges at our core DNA.
Keith Taylor: And Gray, let me just add one other thing. From our perspective, I think it's important to note that certainly, if you look at it as a percentage of revenue, we're investing more in Asia-Pacific than we are in North America. Likewise, Europe's investing quite heavily. But part of this is really about signage. As you know, we recently introduced  [Audio Gap]  over the last sort of 12 months into North America and through the U.S. And when you think about some of the announcements that were made, such as New York 5 and we're investing in Chicago, the DC10, we're going to continue to make investments. This will be very much present on what Steve said in his remarks, which is we're going to be very disciplined. We're going to look at that, the pipeline, the fill rates and all the opportunities that we have in front of us, and then make that decision. So I hope that's sort of clear -- sort of gives you a little bit more information on how we think about our expansion strategies.
Keith Taylor: Great. Two very good questions. First, let me deal with churn. This quarter was a vast improvement relative to our original expectations. I will tell you, David, that part of the reason there's a lot of focus going on from the company into working with our customers to eliminate or at least reduce the level of churn, so we're certainly enjoying the benefits of our efforts. So that'd be the #1 thing. I would tell you, as we go forward, the comment I made at least in my prepared remarks were that we'd be at or below 2% the next -- for the rest of the year, for the next 2 quarters. I feel pretty comfortable with that. And so I think it would be fair to say we're going to be in that ZIP code of 2% or less. I don't know if I can -- I don't want to sort of commit today that it would be 1.6% again. But certainly, as we look forward, we're aware if those accounts could potentially could churn, and we're working hard to try and avoid that churn. But certainly, there will be some level of churn. I just -- I'm not sure we'll tick back above 2% over the next 2 quarters, unless something catches us by surprise and we'll certainly share that with you on the next call, if that does happen. When it comes to the EBITDA, for the full angle effect, part of what we've done this year, as you realize, is we're giving you greater than. And certainly, if you look to Q3 relative to Q2, you go, that's not really a meaningful uptick in EBITDA, partly because we have had a very successful sales force acquisition strategy in Q2. And the team's done a very good job with getting a lot of those teammates on board. Because of that, of course, our salary and benefits costs are going to go up, plus all of the ancillary cost cut that come with the sales head. So that cost is going to creep into our Q3 numbers. And probably, there will be some elements of that increase also taking place in Q4. The second piece in Q3, of course, is our repair [ph] cost go up quite dramatically. We've seen it for the last 8, 10 years. We're expecting that again. But what that does is it gives you a relatively flat Q3, but we expect to accelerate again in Q4 as we have historically. And as you know, we're giving you a greater than $720 million number right now. And so it gives us at least the latitude to figure out in the quarter -- over the next 2 quarters where we're going to put the spending. And if we certainly have discretionary, the discretionary diluted for cost in one quarter or the other, we'll look at that very carefully as we sort of exit the year. One of the comments I did make on the last call, though. I said if you really -- you sort of look at the numbers, we're starting to feel really good about that sort of -- that exit rate at or around the $800 million level from an EBITDA perspective. So we are feeling pretty good about the direction that we're taking the business. I think it's just a little bit early to sort of give you an exit rate in the Q4 number. But I think we're setting ourselves up for a good part of the remaining year.
Keith Taylor: And then, so Colby, on the second question, just on the sort of dynamics around our managed infrastructure. And certainly, with the acquisition of ALOG, there's an element of their business that is managed infrastructure. And that's basically what -- that's the impact of what you're seeing in that particular line. Clearly, with the recent announcement of the opening of their incremental data center in São Paulo, they're going to continue to focus on that piece of the business, similar to what we experienced in Virtu when we bought the Virtu business. But the emphasis on the team going forward, certainly, is going to look for a much more interconnection-oriented business, not just the managed infrastructure business. So what you're seeing is a full sort of the impact of the ALOG acquisition in this quarter.
Keith Taylor: Yes. Good questions, Mike. So cabinets, to be honest, would be quite limited in the amount of data provided thus far on ALOG because we're working real hard to close the acquisition. As you know, it closed on April 25, but there's a lot of work to get done to close it for the quarter from an SEC perspective. And so having said that, we're not at a point where we can probably provide you good cabinet data, but that's something you should continue to expect from us as we go forward. We certainly gave you the number of units that we have available, but the pricing per cabinet and the services provided, we're not there yet and we'll certainly spend more time in that going forward. And then when it comes to the interest, this is what I think is going to happen at least from an interest perspective. But certainly, there's more interest associated with the high-yield instrument that we drew down on effectively in July. That has been anticipated in our guidance. There is a movement up in discretionary free cash flow, primarily because when you think about how we sort of analyze it, it really is about operating performance and operating cash flow. And we're comfortable that the performance in the first half of the year should allow us to increase it for the last -- for the total year. And so that's why we've got confident in sort of moving that number up a little bit about 10%, anywhere 5% to 10% depending on how you want to look at it. But it has been contemplated. And again, for everybody in the call, this is -- cash flow is an interesting number when you look at it. We have to be very careful that as we message it, we want to make sure we're doing the right things, and cash flow is very period-specific. And so as we think about that, we'll continue to update you on our Q3 call and our Q4 call on the movements of cash flow. But I feel pretty good about giving you that guidance at this stage, including new high-yield instruments.
Keith Taylor: Well, interconnection -- I mean, you saw the performance data, and again, albeit off a small base in Europe, was up 14% quarter-over-quarter. But it only represents 4% of their total revenue. They're growing the business quite rapidly, as you know, Mike. And interconnection is always a little bit of a lagger, but there's a lot of energy in the business, not only in the European side here, but across the organization as we push more and more focused on development of ecosystems and development of customer opportunity. But I think going forward, you're going to continue to hear us talk about it. Whether or not it can move the needle dramatically, I can't tell you that today. But what I can tell you it's becoming more and more relevant every quarter that goes by, whether it's Europe or whether it's Asia-Pacific or even for that matter, this quarter when you saw North America. I mean, that was a sizable step up in interconnection revenues this quarter. And so for all those reasons, we were enjoying the benefit of that. But also, the tangential benefit, which is basically when you have increased interconnection, you've got stickier revenue, but you also have customers who are wanting to come in and procure colocation of services or perhaps managed services, managed infrastructure services from us. So it sort of pulls along a lot of our values, so it's not just about that one particular line.
Keith Taylor: So Chris, on the second question, obviously, from a gross debt perspective with this transaction that we just announced, we've levered up the balance sheet a little bit. So the opportunity that we talked about or Steve referred to is that we want to continue to grow smartly by looking at these opportunities both inside the U.S. and certainly outside the U.S. As you know, over the last little while, there's been a much larger investment going outside of the U.S. and into AP and EU. And then there's other markets. And so we want to continue to make sure that we have the ability to do that as and when we choose. The second piece of the opportunity, really, is in organic, and Steve alluded to that. But from a balance sheet perspective where we also see the opportunities, we want to make sure that we can maximize the value for our shareholders. And so when you think about ALOG acquisition, it was an all-cash deal. When that thing gets -- certainly gets cooking and gets to a larger scale, I mean, it's going to be a great return for us from our perspective. And so using capital to deploy what we can those cash that sort of puts value into the shareholders' pocket, that's one way. Another other way is looking at ways to limit the amount of dilution that could occur. And so we're talking about the $250 million convertible that will come due on April 15 of next year. So there's $1 billion-plus debt on our balance sheet that's convert oriented. And so we have to look at what opportunities could that present to ourselves -- that would present to us, that we could take some of the capital that we have or the unrestricted cash that we have and use that to find ways to create more and more shareholder value. But part of it also might be purchasing properties where we can, and so we recently announced a small purchase. It's only $9 million in Frankfurt 2. I think of it as a distressed asset, it was buildings, it was land, it was equipment, that's the type of thing that we want to do. But if there's other opportunities, we'll look at that. And we want to make sure to make strategic sense and that it can create value for the shareholders as move forward. So hopefully that gives you a sense that we're -- sorry, I said Frankfurt 3 -- I said Frankfurt 2. It should be in Frankfurt 3. That's a mistake. So that's a small discrete investment. And so hopefully, that gives you a pretty good idea of how we wanted to deploy the capital and continue to use the balance sheet leverage to our advantage for the shareholder.
Keith Taylor: Yes, Chad. Again, I sort of said on one of the other -- sort of one of the other question. I think you're going to see us come back to a little bit more of the detail around, certainly, the revenue and the breakdown and the margin profile. But clearly, as you can see, it's roughly at a 25% EBITDA margin primarily because of managed infrastructure costs and the like. And the company -- as we look to this opportunity and the size and scale of the incremental asset that was recently opened up in Brazil, certainly, we're going to continue to do a little bit of the managed services because that's what the market needs, quite frankly, similar to some of our other markets. But when you look at Equinix, our focus is really about colocation and leveraging off the investment and getting to scale. And so I think over time, you're going to see margins continue to improve like you had in some of our other markets that we service around the world. But I think it just takes time, and recognizing that although we have a controlling interest in this asset, we have partners that we're working with and we want to make sure we do things in a very sort of methodical fashion. And so it's a little bit early to tell you any direction of where it's going to go, but we're very optimistic that we can scale and expand margins over time.
Keith Taylor: Other than to say, Simon, we have -- we do not have any guidance of there vis-a-vis our financial results. We certainly have a good idea from an expansion tracking perspective of where we're planning on building right now. But as you can appreciate, there's a lot of other projects that we're looking at. As Steve alluded to in the last call, we have stuff on our whiteboard that we look at all the time, and we've been very methodical and analytical around: What does the pipeline look like? Where are the customers going? What do they need? And that gives us a pretty good indication of when our next build is going to be. We map out our construction activity effective through 2015. And what you see on the expansion page today is what we feel comfortable announcing and putting energy towards. And certainly, as we past through time, you're going to -- and if the model and the market continues to perform well, you'll see us make incremental investment provided we can get the returns that we need.
