Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. We're delighted with our Q2 results and are pleased with the continued outperformance of the business a result of our focus on providing customers distinctive and durable value as they embrace digital transformation. Our impact for customers and the financial results that follow as a reflection of the dedication, flexibility and ingenuity of our teams. Over the course of Q2, we like many others had to rapidly adapt our business, adjusting our go-to-market motion of the current realities, evolving operating procedures while maintaining our exceptional service reliability and executing on highly attractive equity and debt deals to enhance liquidity and drive AFFO. Customers remain at the center of everything we do and our customer satisfaction rating moved up the last two quarters to its highest score in the last three years. While we are delighted with how the business is performing, we fully recognize the strain, the shifting challenges and the continued uncertainly we are all facing and as such, we will remain diligent and closely monitoring market dynamics and further adapting our business as appropriate through the back half of the year. The secular drivers of demand for digital infrastructure have never been stronger. And we believe that Equinix is uniquely positioned to execute on the expanding opportunity presented by the accelerating importance of digital transformation and the shift to hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture of choice. We remain steadfastly focused on evolving our platform to respond to this unparalleled market opportunity. Investing to drive top-line growth, leveraging our operating scale to fuel the AFFO per share growth to our investors and delivering positive impact to our many stakeholders as we continue to build an enduring and sustainable culture and business. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure, Tim. Thanks. Its Charles. I guess it's important to have backup and continue to put the acquisition of packet into overall context. I think that, as we have talked about on prior calls, this was a way for us to continue to adapt to the changing consumption patterns of our customers in terms of how they want to sort of gain access to the value, if you will, of the Equinix platform. And I think we are adding the bare metal service that packet brings to the table and integrating that with the bare metal service that we had under development organically, we think is really, really represents a big opportunity for us to continue to adapt to those changing needs. The integration is doing well. We've now aligned on a coordinated and integrated roadmap for and coordinate that into a single offering that we will as a company. We continued to integrate the go-to-market motion. And we've actually taken some folks from within the Equinix organization, blended them into the sales team and have that acting as a bit of an overlay today to our larger sales force, still early days there. And I think probably a lot of the customer activity is with some of the more digitally native targets that packet had traditionally been serving. But we're really starting to see a building funnel of enterprise targets, particularly large enterprise targets, as well as some service provider sort of types that are really resonating with the packet opportunity and that offering. So it continues to go well, again -- still very early days. But one of the things that we've been talking about internal as we talked about delivering physical infrastructure and software speed, which has kind of been a rally crier, a tagline that really resonates with us internally and more importantly resonates with our customers. So, again, a product roadmap is well aligned now, the engineering teams are underway on bringing a fully enterprise features set -- the full enterprise feature set to the bare metal offering over the coming quarters and go-to-market motion still relatively early but good momentum in the pipeline.
Charles Meyers: Sure. The key to pricing for us is really continuing, targeted discipline -- discipline in our sales targeting. And we've talked about that for many years now, right, delivering the -- targeting the right customers with the right use cases into the right IBX locations. And I think we're really doing that well in terms of adapting or delivering against the use cases that are really important to customers right now in terms of hybrid multi-cloud implementations, win [rearchitecture] [ph], distributed security, a number of things that are really highly featured, and I think their digital transformation plans. And when you're doing that, I think you're able to deliver outsized value and therefore get good solid pricing. And we're seeing that show up in our yields. So I think and if you look at it, the way our quarter was composed in terms of bookings, we talked about 4200 deals across 3000 customers, that means we're doing a lot of deals, more sort of small to mid size deals, interconnection oriented, ecosystem centric and that really helps us on the pricing front. In Europe in particular, we're also seeing the effects now as a realtor of the interconnection pricing adjustments that we've made. And I think those have gone really well obviously, generally customers don't jump up and applaud when you raise pricing and your services. But I think in this case, our team has done a really good job of articulating the value that people are getting from interconnection. And I also think we've been very measured and kind of appropriate about how we phased those implementations and those price implementations and working with customers. And so that's far it's gone well, we're starting to really see that roll through -- in the impact on the EMEA numbers in particular.
Charles Meyers: Sure, Jon. Yes, maybe I'll make just a couple reiterate, couple of comments on the margin side and just again, say I think we're seeing, as we've talked about the past, we're continuing to try to look at driving operating leverage in the business. I think we're being successful in doing that. And then, again, we're seeing some positive benefits associated with mix of business, mix shift. And then again, that's balanced against the reality that we want to continue to position ourselves to take advantage of what we think is a really big growth opportunity in front of us as hybrid and multi-cloud really plays out. And so we will continue to invest in the business and that will be both on the CapEx side and the OpEx side, which I think will be a bit of a moderating factor on the margins. But I think we can continue kind of up into the right, in terms of over the long haul. Relative to xScale, things continue to really go well, in that overall, we did have some adjustments. Jim Smith has made the decision to step down from his role as Managing Director of the program that does remain as an advisor to the initiative. And we've asked Krupal Raval, who's been on the xScale team now for a period of time and incredible background and we've asked him to step into the MD role. He's done that and really kept the continuity with the team is recruited in there, I think is incredibly strong, very experienced and is really starting to hit their stride. So it's going well, we've talked about in the script that we are probably likely adding or very soon adding the Paris 9 asset that is 100% pre-leased to hyperscaler. And we continue to see good customer interest in pipeline on the other facilities. The JV in Japan has now been announced. We're working towards closing that later in the year. And then, we're looking at additional JV beyond that, so good momentum overall. And then relative to the fees, maybe I'll let Keith comment quickly on kind of how that's structured and impact on the business.
Charles Meyers: No. I mean, I think again, I'm on the zero to 50. Obviously, we saw the smart hands impacts across the regions in the quarter as well as, a fairly meaningful impact on our custom MRR and so, but, so the MRR was meaningfully impacted. I think we had a strong recurring revenue quarter bookings were solid. We are seeing some level of friction still out there. But as our results imply the team powered through that and had a good quarter but we have to two sort of big step up quarters remaining in front of us in the back half the year and as we looked at that way and plus I think, very uncertain environment still in terms of sort of second wave, if you will on COVID and the implications of that and how the protracted economic impacts are going to begin to affect companies et cetera. We felt like it was proven to sort of maintain the revenue guidance and just book the FX impacts into there. So that's where we landed.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Again, it's been a good long time now that we've kind of integrated these. So we tend to think about them all as really part of the platform now. So it's tough for us to think about or even, fully measure that but we are seeing good utilization, obviously made some investments into some of the assets. We actually had some really strong deals this quarter into Miami and Culpeper actually. And so we're seeing good progress on some of the very key assets there. Overall, as we said, I think that the Americas business, we expect that to step up to more like a 5% growth rate in the back half of the year. Again, it was a really solid quarter from a bookings perspective. And so overall, I think, with a start, I think really having worked through the issues on the Verizon portfolio in terms of the churn and things that happened there. And seeing that stabilize I think we're looking at a solid back half of the year for the Americas there. And relative to inorganic, I think that, there are plenty of opportunities out there still. We think that -- we're going to continue to have a posture that -- if you really look at it, our strategy remains unchanged, we have used M&A for market entry for market scaling, for sort of capturing strategic interconnection assets and now for sort of capability additions as we look at the future of platform Equinix and what that means. And I think there are opportunities in all those categories. Obviously, the Canadian deal was really an opportunity for us to really scale in a market and reach national presence in Canada. We think there are some other opportunities, in terms of new market entries that areas that we're continued to be focused on, that are potentially actionable out there. And so, and it's one of the reasons really, that we went and did the equity deal is making sure that we kept some dry powder on the balance sheet to be appropriately opportunistic about growth opportunities that present themselves.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks, Mike. Yes, I think that we're seeing a -- there's a few things. One, I do think that we've seen some projects have delayed decision-making, so things pushed out, further in the pipeline. But I think that's been offset to some degree by a broader realization that I think you've heard us and probably many other companies in ours and related spaces, for example, the cloud providers talk about this elevation of awareness around digital transformation and the priority that exists there even in sectors of the economy that are meaningfully impacted by COVID. I think that what people are seeing is that those companies that were better prepared are further ahead in their digital strategies weathering the storm better. And I think that's leading people say we've got to make that investment. In some cases, even if their businesses are a bit on their back, they kind of say, look, we're going to take that medicine, but we're going to invest in the business and in the future, and make sure we're making the digital investments that are necessary. So, that is I think, we are seeing a little bit of sort of both sides of the coin there, which has some delays, particularly new projects that might be delayed just by a variety of factors, including -- taking longer to be able to visit sites, although they are and we are now having tours and visits into the sites on an appointment basis, and so we're sort of freeing up, some of the wheels are turning on that. But there is some of that, if you look at new logos that are a little bit lower than our pre-COVID levels, but we also -- they targeted more at larger accounts with bigger wallet sizes. And so a little bit of a mixed bag, we are on balance, I think, what the enduring phenomenon that we think we're really seeing is this increased commitment to digital and also very much in terms of people saying, look, we still have private infrastructure requirements. We want that private infrastructure over time to be, is probably going to be smaller than what we are doing now. But we need what remains to be immediately proximate to the cloud and deliver both performance and economics in a different way. And we think Equinix really rises to that challenge for them.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes. I would say that relative to xScale and return expectations, I would say that, when you look at it, we obviously get some of the benefit, particularly as it relates to our lens on the returns of both fees flowing through as well as the development returns, which give us a bit of a lift on the returns overall and I think will allow us to continue to have those into the double digits. I do think there is some pressure on returns caused by just an overall pricing environment that continues to be aggressive, I think In terms of people competing aggressively for the hyperscale business and that is out there. So I think there's been probably a bit of pressure there. But I think that it continues to be a very attractive return profile, I think both for us and for our partners. And for us, I think being able to do that with relatively limited sort of dry powder off our balance sheet, which we want to allocate to our higher returning retail business. I think that strategy still makes a ton of sense for us. But I would say some, some downward pressure on returns, it will be interesting to see, whether that persists. I do think that, Keith mentioned for example, there are markets where we see supply tightening. And obviously, that tends to improve pricing. But you do have a very powerful set of customers in the hyperscalers that are looking to sort of get the best available terms. So, there's been a bit of downward pressure there. Relative to enterprise renewals, as I said, what we're seeing I think is generally people are continuing to figure out how they can make most effective use of Equinix in pursuing their long-term, hybrid multi-cloud architectures. And so that might mean that people are downsizing sort of elements of their architecture as they move certain applications to cloud. And then, focusing their private infrastructure or the private part of their hybrid cloud into Equinix facilities proximate to the cloud and are still willing to renew those at what we consider to be very attractive rates that are good for us and deliver significant value for the customer. We do see some sawtoothing, which is because we have escalators -- annual escalators built into our contracts virtually across the board. Oftentimes, when you see a renewal, you might see that if you implemented a 3% to 5% annual escalator over say a five year contract that at renewal you may be above market and you may see a sawtoothing of that occur. But that's all sort of part and parcel that are all included in our overall model, which again continues to reflect overall positive net pricing actions, which we think reflects the value that we deliver for customers.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I would say the -- I think the dynamics are a little bit different in that, obviously, we're targeting a much smaller set of customers. And so when you look at the xScale dynamics, I think it's a bit more about where are these hyperscalers are in their expansion, how that matches up relative to a sort of capacity where it's needed, kind of element. And so, if you look at hyperscalers, we're actually, if you look at the performance and results of some of the other companies that are more focused on that, they tend to be lumpy. They have sort of a bit more boom and bust in their quarters based on the timing of sale or timing of bookings and kind of where hyperscalers are in their cycles of expansion. And so, I think the dynamic is a bit different. But yes, the leasing was completed in the quarter for Paris 9. And so we were very pleased to get that done. And we do see a strong pipeline, it just takes -- those are a bit bigger more complex deals with longer sales cycles. And I think the results in any given quarter tend to be a bit lumpier.
Charles Meyers: We're reasonably well advanced. I think that we'll continue to see those adjustments flow through over the course of the next year or so because we try to be fair and balanced and not kind of overly aggressive or greedy about how to -- the timeline on which we wanted to implement those as we tried to -- as we talked to our customers and tried to implement something that we thought was fair and balanced. And so it'll continue, I think through the course of -- the remainder of this year and well into in the next year, I think probably through the course of next year as well. But I think we've probably seen, a good chunk of that probably more than -- well, more than half of that roll through and begin into our results, but there is more work to be done. I think it will be a bit slower as we go through the course of the next several quarters. And in terms of magnitude, I forget what the percentage increase was, it was meaningful and that is showing up in the results. But again, you still are seeing interconnection prevailing pricing in Europe meaningfully below what it is in the Americas and I don't think we will be in a point where we will equalize that, but we are making progress in terms of delivering a pricing that's more consistent with the value delivered to the customer.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And I guess, I just reiterate the S&B, that's salary and benefits piece of that which is, we are -- one we were seeing lower attrition. I think that partially due to maybe concerns about the pandemic, also, I think it is just a reflection of people, sort of being very excited about where we are and the culture and what the opportunities in front of us are. But I think that's rolling through in ways and we're hiring -- we're moving forward to hiring plans across both go-to-market product technology because we believe the opportunity is really big in front of us. The net impact of that, in terms of is that, we have more cost on the books, and I think that we're kind of calibrating on that in terms of pace of hiring and that kind of thing. But even if we were at the same sort of targeted number of heads, with the attrition being a bit higher, you get some time in there where it takes to rehire and that sort of keeps things a little lower. So we are seeing a little bit of that. And I think that's part of what is impacting that in the back half the year.
Charles Meyers: Still very early days, we have not seen it. And I think it's obviously happened right in the teeth of the pandemic. So, I think probably still too early to tell there. I would say that I think that more broadly speaking, are thinking about how we want to extend the utility and the reach of ECX Fabric, both within our facilities continuing to do our build outs, align the ECX Fabric closely with our packet offering to make a more powerful edge offering in our own facilities. And then, I think also look to potentially position that as something that could be deployed, in non-Equinix facilities. And so I don't know that it would look exactly like what we did in Belgium. But I do think the notion that we would be looking at extending the reach of the ECX Fabric and ensuring that the ability to use the ECX Fabric as a way to plug back in from -- a bit of a further edge back into the ecosystem, in particular, the cloud ecosystem is something that we are absolutely actively looking at. So I do think that's something that we'll be continuing to monitor and look at how to do that over time.
Keith Taylor: Yes. Sure, Jon. I think overall as it relates to margins, as we sort of said in our prepared remarks, we're very pleased with where we are pleased with where we are, pricing actions have certainly been a net positive to us. So that's representative, it sounds very well in our gross profit, or EBITDA and our AFFO margins. All that said, there is a number of things that are going on in the business. One of the things that we did want to surely highlight was we want to continue to invest in our go-to-market and product organization. And this ties nicely back towards Charles, when we talked about with packet. So there's an examples of where we can continue to drive profitability up. I think Q2 was, I don't want to say it's aberrational, because obviously, it's an outcome of many, many great things including revenue mix, where non-recurring revenue came down and recurring revenue went up, and as a result, we got a favorable mix shift, something that we think will continue for the rest of the year. But the other part is, we want to continue to invest in the business and we think we're on track to deliver against our expectation. Again, I'd refer you back to the June 18 Analysts Day, we believe we can deliver 50% EBITDA margins or greater. I don't think that's ever a question for us, doing it with the right discipline and mindset knowing that we want to continue to invest in the business. And right now we just see a very substantial opportunity, not only in the assets we have today, the ones we're acquiring an example being Bell Canada. And so we'll continue to make those investments and the same time, I think we can continually find ways to drive more profitability in the business if we're not investing in our future growth.
Keith Taylor: Sure. So, Jon, just as it relates to the fees, there's really full and primary fees. So put aside the equity ownership right now. We're treating the businesses both looks like the Japanese JV will be an equity oriented investment likewise, initial media JV. And so the way it works is, there's basically an asset management fee, a facilities fee, a development fee and sales and marketing fee. And when you break those down, some are recurring revenue, some are non-recurring. And then, the benefit we get from the profitability created by the joint venture that comes in below the line through income from an affiliated entity. So that's how it sort of the fee structure works right now, still pretty early on, as you know, because we've just got the first two assets up. Charles alluded to Paris 9 and having that 100% pre-leased. And we're actively engaged across a number of other assets, both in development and also in the marketing of those assets across the platform. So we're pretty excited about the performance that a group is going to cave to take a leadership role and in this entity, so great progress today.
Keith Taylor: Charles do you want me to take the first part. Just want to make sure because we're in different locations, everybody, so we're just making sure that we're going to organize accordingly. Let me first start off by saying look, we're absolutely delighted Colby with the performance of business for the second quarter. And as you know, when we went into the quarter, we give ourselves a relatively wide range, wide berth from zero to 50 and for this quarter as you know, we basically delivered slightly above the top-end of our guidance range. So said differently then we basically got a lot of flexibility through the second half of the year. And we chose to leave it intact other than FX, very similar to what Charles did last quarter, he made the reference to the fact that we're going to adjust for currency and here's a range of zero to 50. And we're also going to hold absent FX, we're going to hold AFFO, we're going to target a midpoint. Well, when we look at the second half of the year, there's just a lot of uncertainty that still remains -- not too much in our business per se. But the reality of how all of the terminal gets manifested into our results. We let that flexibility inside our guide. And so what you're seeing is not per se specific headwind. On the margin, there's a few adjustments that are affecting us. We have seen pretty larger bad debt reserves than we had before but was planned for. I've made some reference to the fact that there's cost going both directions, clearly our travel and entertainment, or is relatively low -- almost zero. But that offsetting that of course, is our salary and benefits cost, less attrition, less paid time off. And we're doing a very good job of hiring the staff that were slated to be hired. It's our salaries are a little bit higher. So I think that sort of deals with perhaps the majority of the discretion other than the Americas. Americas, as we said, relatively flat this quarter. Colby, you're right there is $3 million of smart hand fees. There's also the impact of the Brazilian currency, fairly substantial segregation to an unhedged currency and then, you've got non-recurring revenues. When you look at it from a pricing perspective, though, MRR per cabinet was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. And so we're delighted with where we are, we allude to the fact of pricing strong, good gross bookings, we have momentum in the business. But you also have some things timing of churn and smart hands, plus non-recurring in Brazil all affecting the results. And that's the benefit we get there for having a very global and diverse set of assets that things are going to move around on a continuous basis, in this case, you're starting to see currency trends moving in our favor. And so, albeit we might be a little bit more susceptible to weaker currencies in the Americas. You're seeing uplift in Asia and in Europe. So let me stop there. Charles, you jump in if there's anything you want to add, or if there's anything you need to clarify.
Keith Taylor: Sure. As I said, yes, we have, obviously, we've got a very sort of deep command in the pipeline in terms of deals that are in there. We did, there were certainly some opportunities that we had originally, as targeted to close this quarter that pushed out, but that's the case every quarter. Obviously, there's some of that, and but some of those were, you know, that people would chalk up to COVID related sort of delays and decision making. But on balance, when you look at it, you see, our third best gross bookings for quarter ever record in the Americas. Obviously, we've been able to sort of power through some of that and still deliver, strong overall bookings, results. So there's some of that. What we are seeing, I think quite encouragingly is that, those are just delays, they're not cancellations of projects. And at this point, we think it's just a matter of when we're going to bring those opportunities in. So on balance, I think feeling very good and feel like, the team really rallied and delivered an exceptional quarter, given the broader circumstances that we face. In terms of the competitive backdrop, I would say, not a meaningful change, I feel like particularly in, I know, relative to commenting on the sort of post interaction, digital combination in Europe and impact there. I would say it's still very much seems to be in a digestion phase. And I think customers are working to sort of figure out what that means for them. I think employees are of those companies are trying to or now that company are trying to figure out what it means for them. And we're trying to stay focused and deliver and execute effectively while that digestion occurs. And so, I think obviously the performance of our business in EMEA sort of speaks for itself in the quarter. And we continue to as I've always said interaction was always a very credible competitor for us in Europe. And I expect they will continue to be one, but we are right now, I think we're seeing the digestion period and we're trying to take advantage of that while it exists.
Keith Taylor: Overall, but when we look at the second quarter specifically, we made a comment about price increases across the board. Number one was, good to see ramping, most of that was really focused in the EMEA region. And then offsetting that was non-recurring revenue, you saw the step down to roughly 4.8% of our revenue of non-recurring. And so that comes into different margin profile. So you've got the benefit of those two things happening. So, revenues are roughly at the high end of our guidance range and currency neutral basis, but the mix is favorable. And you saw the benefit of that going to the EBITDA. In addition, we also saw was some moderation in our utility consumption until we got some benefit attached to that. And then, in some of the markets, particularly one I will refer to is Singapore, those making concession due to the current climate. And those concessions come through in a couple of different fashions, is tax abatements, it is rent abatement, in some cases, salary adjustments that is not you don't apply for you allocated and the company was the recipient of certain dollars from the Singaporean government as an example. But overall, I was just saying, we're on top of our numbers, I think the look forward is, as Charles alluded to, it is giving us the flexibility to look at the next two quarters invest in the places that we need to and therefore that's why you see revenues are moving up nicely. But we're also keeping the cost model at roughly 48% pre-integration costs. And that gives you a sense of that we're still spending in the areas go-to-market, new product. The other thing I did, I referred to in one of my prior remarks, salaries and benefits are going up inside the business and that's not because that was something sort of an implication coming out of the pandemic, less people are taking vacation in that and how it gets represented in the financials something that we want to certainly encourage people to do more and more time off. And also just the timing of our hiring, because when you're getting the full quaterization of the hiring, we had a record hiring quarter in Q2, 400 net adds to the business, quarter and that's going to run through the quarter -- the next two quarters as well. Now, last thing, I would say there's some seasonality built into our spent recurring CapEx Q4, more specifically, and that's why you see the impact coming through our guide on the AFFO as well. So overall, we look at on an annual basis, we allocated dollars appropriately, some of it just a little bit more front loaded than originally anticipating, and you'll get the full quarterization impact of it.
Keith Taylor: I will take that Charles. So the reference that Charles already said earlier on but in my prepared remarks said the second half of the year and Q3 looks like the quarter that we will achieve that step-up and goes back to your comments. Number one, we saw good pricing, we saw record bookings. We still see some element of churn inside the Americas business for the next few quarters. That all said when we calibrate across the remaining part of the year, we're firmly believe that between the pricing and the momentum of the business, including a strong pipeline, you should see a step up in the growth rates. And that's something that from our perspective, it would carry on into 2021. So early to give guidance on that, but there's no reason why we wouldn't see that momentum continue.
