Stephen M. Smith: Thanks, Keith. Let me now shift gears and cover our outlook for 2013 on Slide 16. For the third quarter of 2013, we expect revenues to be in the range of $538 million to $542 million and include a negative foreign currency headwind of $4 million versus our prior guidance rates. Q3 guidance includes a $6 million decrease to both revenue and adjusted EBITDA due to the change in accounting estimate. Cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $126 million and $130 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $236 million and $240 million, which includes $11 million in professional fees related to the REIT conversion and negative foreign currency headwinds of $2 million. Capital expenditures are expected to be $180 million to $200 million, including $50 million of ongoing capital expenditures. For the full year of 2013, we expect revenue to range between $2.135 billion to $2.145 billion. As a reminder, this guidance includes a $16 million decrease to both revenue and adjusted EBITDA due to the change in accounting estimate. This is a noncash change only and a result of a longer estimated life for customer installations. Full year guidance is also adjusted for $11 million of negative foreign currency headwinds from our prior guidance range. On an FX-neutral basis and normalized for the accounting change, we expect full year revenue growth of 15.5%. Full year cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $465 million and $475 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the year is expected to range between $985 million and $990 million, which includes $26 million in professional fees related to our REIT conversion and adjusted for $5 million of negative currency headwinds from prior guidance. We are guiding to a slightly higher adjusted EBITDA margin for the year as we continue to manage our discretionary and incremental spending programs. We are tightening our 2013 capital expenditure range to be between $575 million and $625 million, including $165 million of ongoing capital expenditures. We are investing in our business at a very attractive risk return profile, and we do continue to achieve our targeted returns. So in closing, we delivered a solid first half of 2013 with strong interconnection growth. We see continued momentum, and we'll execute with discipline while balancing top and bottom line growth. We are winning the right deals that enhance our vertical ecosystems and are committed to delivering firm MRR per cabinet yield, strong margins, superior returns on capital and profitable long-term growth. So let me stop there and turn it back over to you, Heather, for some questions.
Stephen M. Smith: And on the middle part of that question -- Keith, you could take the last piece of that on Slide 15. Mike, on the German situation, first of all, the overall business in Europe is continuing to perform well, but it's important to keep that in context. But the forecast in the second half in Germany did weaken as we exited the quarter. A little bit tied to the German market were some softness in the German market in our primary verticals there. But as Keith mentioned in his script, we did have some sales execution challenges. We are addressing those now with sales leadership and individual performers. The enterprise slowdown was felt in that market a little bit, too, so there were some slowdown in sales cycle converting that Charles talked about in the North American market. And a little bit of softness in the financial services could have been tied to the hangover from the New York Stock Exchange-Deutsche Börse failed merger. I think that stymied the market from connecting into the activity we have in Frankfurt. So those are kind of the factors that affected the German market.
Stephen M. Smith: Jonathan, I'd add on the rest of world, the way to think about the business suite question is that we'll take the learning that Charles and his team have executed in the North American market and apply a hybrid model outside of North America to focus on those types of opportunities. But again, they'll be focused on magnetic ecosystem pull-through-type deployments that have pull-through effects throughout the ecosystem and the interconnection business.
Stephen M. Smith: That's correct. The core issues were with the sales execution just in the verticals across the core market. The ancotel business is doing fine. The asset continues to be a differentiating force in Europe. We're attracting networks and content because of the network density there. So it's playing exactly into the ecosystem strategy as we thought it would.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. I think what we mean by that is we're seeing uptick in the hybrid cloud deployment as the public cloud players continue to deploy across Equinix. And the biggest activity that we all read about obviously is behind AWS and the other small to medium business models out there. So there's a lot of activity there. We're seeing some of it. Some of it goes to the cloud at their location. But I think as enterprises mature, the type of workload they want to put in to source and to data centers like colo models, they're getting more and more sophisticated about understanding the hybrid model, how they can take advantage of connecting to the networks and the public cloud nodes in our data centers, and that's taking time.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes, Frank. Certainly, we have a number of leases. Obviously, we have almost 100 data centers around the world in different sort of -- in different incarnations, as you can appreciate. So there's certainly some that will be forthcoming over the next few years. There's no sort of sea wave of renewals that are forthcoming, and our team, our real estate team, does a very good job of getting ahead of the negotiations, working with the landlord. And certainly, some of the ones we have done in the past, yes, there's been some level of increase that's anticipated, that we've anticipated and, certainly, the landlords anticipated. But that's just baked into our operating plan and our operating model. It goes back a little bit to the comment that Charles made. There's an understanding of PI growth from the customer side. But when you look at it from our side, there's an expectation that there'll be some level of PI in our lease arrangement, and that's just a given. So we continue to work very hard in renewing them. Again, recognizing our lease costs are a relatively a small piece of our overall cost bucket and recognizing most of our leases are on a very long-term lease arrangement with multiple renewal period, we feel very good about, if you will, lease position at this stage.
Charles Meyers: [indiscernible] So yes, we are continuing to ramp force. I think we are planning to add some initial heads in the second half of the year. I think that will probably take us on a worldwide basis somewhere in the 220, 230 range. In the Americas, we have added some as we continue to manage underperformers out, and we're trying to sort of keep a buffer in the system so that we can continue to do that and try to ramp the productivity. As Steve commented in the script, there are a couple of factors that are impacting productivity a bit. I think the median is still pretty strong. It dipped slightly this quarter. Averages were down, and that is attributable, really, to the deal size mix. As we've said before, when you take -- averages can be a bit deceiving because when you have large deals in the pipe, when you close those, they can spike averages. So averages were down a bit. But again, I think there's a general optimism that we're catching our -- we've got a lot of traction, we've got a record quarter in cloud and in content and digital media, solid performance in financial services and network. Network continues to deliver very strong price points, actually, strong pricing across the board. Really, some softness though in enterprise. And we talked about that. Even though we're short of our targets, I think there's some real reasons for optimism in enterprise. We're seeing solid funnel growth. Very simply, we're not converting the funnel at the same rate at our more mature verticals. And we're seeing deals slip as decision cycles are protracted. And they're more -- it's less losing deals as it is deals slipping into a subsequent quarter. And in terms of enterprise, I think it's really a drive to opportunity in many respects, but they're really the -- the enterprise are really the buyers or the buy side of the ecosystem. And they gain value from the platform by leveraging the critical mass that we have in both network and increasingly are seeing in cloud. So we're seeing a pretty irreversible trend towards hybrid cloud architectures, but it's just taking some time for that to shake out. And so our guidance really reflects a pragmatic view of the bookings productivity for that particular segment through the remainder of the year as that plays out. So that's a bit of color. Again, I think there's -- we're making good traction as we are definitely seeing bookings continue to increase from an overall trend line perspective, particularly in sort of small to midsize sweet spot for our business and consistent with our strategy.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Mike, let me take the back half of the question, and then I'll give it back to Keith to take the first part. I think the direct answer to the question in terms of what happens, one is, is what I just talked about relative to the enterprise opportunity. And it's just maturing more slowly. As I said there, the funnel is strong, and I think that's actually a fairly consistent theme across the verticals. But it's not -- that funnel is not converting at the same rate, and we're seeing deals -- I'm sorry, deal cycles, sales cycles a bit more protracted. Relative to the deal mix, as we referred to, we saw a reduction in average deal size and that we were talking about that as a contributing factor. And as I've talked about a lot in previous calls, we manage the business to a certain deal mix range that we believe is going to provide us with solid growth and deliver blended returns that fit the business model. As we review the results for Q2, we saw it really was a shift towards the smaller deal sizes consistent with our ecosystem strategy. We're still seeing and winning some portion of our large deal flow, particularly for certain applications or magnet-type customers. But there's no doubt that market clearing prices for some larger deals are dropping below what we see as acceptable, particularly when we consider the opportunity cost of selling our premium capacity at lower price points. So it's really a matter of rather than chasing growth for growth's sake, we're really maintaining the deal discipline, stay focused on long-term value creation and we're just taking a pass on deals when they don't meet our hurdles. In terms of how that affects the bookings trajectory and the results, you have to remember that even a large deal portion of our bookings is fairly small, it can take 10 to 15 smaller deals to deliver the bookings of a large deal. So if we -- one drops out because we determine it's not consistent with our model, then it can take 10 or 15 smaller deals to deliver that same set of bookings. And so it takes some time for our marketing and sales execution capability to scale up to that challenge. But again, the other side of the coin on that is that this deal that's disciplined in execution is really driving the solid revenue per cap, strong new deal pricing and help the interconnection, all of which are evident in our Q2 results.
Charles Meyers: Sure, Brett, this is Charles. Yes, I think the key thing to remember is that the -- it takes time generally when we're -- when you -- as we do some of these optimizations and customers are moving to multi-tier architectures, for example, then when you replace that revenue inherently, implementations mature over time and the yield per cabinet come back and sort of mature along a normal path. And so I think what you see is -- I actually am quite satisfied that we see -- and we've always talked about that the cabinets billing is a fairly timing of customer installations, assuming a big cab adds in Q1. It's just a more erratic number. And I think that as we look at this quarter, I'm comfortable with where it's at. I'm very pleased to see that we're keeping the yield per cabinet strong and very much towards the high end of what we've talked about in the past. And again, I think it's just a matter -- and if you look at interconnect, what we're seeing now is, I think, both a waning of the network consolidation activity that was providing pressure there and the effects of the optimization where, typically, we're trying to optimize out less interconnected business, replace that with small to midsize deals that we will later going to ramp up from an interconnection perspective. So as I look at the nonoperating metrics, I have a very high level of confidence that those are trending in the direction that we would expect and are reflective of the long-term strategies. So again, I think that's just us -- really a matter of us doing the right thing, continuing to have the deal disciplined, and I think it will take shape in the metrics over time.
Charles Meyers: I don't necessarily think so. I think that our ability to add cabinets continues to be strong. Our bookings and our sweet spot are -- in fact, our bookings are growing nicely. I think there is this pressure created from us needing to perhaps replace some large deal volume with a larger number of smaller cabinet deals. And I think that's one of the reasons why as we continue to ramp up on that. But it's growing. We're definitely selling new cabinets in addition to hopefully growing the interconnection. So I definitely wouldn't see a change in that trajectory. Again, it is going to be a little bit lumpy, but I think we're going to continue to do both of those things.
Charles Meyers: Sure, yes. This is Charles. Let me respond to both of those. I think that -- again, business suites, as we've talked about, is something that we're having good success with and something that we think is a continued important part of our product continuum as we evolve with customers. And so as we've said, some customers, as they move to a multi-tiered architecture, depending on the size and the performance characteristics of those things, do consider a range of options. And many of them, if they're extraordinarily large in size, go to a wholesale alternative as that sort of third tier in their architecture. Many, however, depending on, again, the size and performance characteristics and their desire to have a single source provider of very often, Equinix, they are saying, "We would like you to be able to provide us with a solution, a more economic solution for a large footprint." And so business suites has been that for us. We've seen and continue to see strong funnel. We're converting that funnel successfully. And so the answer is we are absolutely looking to expand that, not only in Ashburn where we have an expansion underway now, but also in other key markets where we believe, selectively, customers will want to have the full range of infrastructure with us. So that's a little bit perspective on the business suites. And in terms of what the -- relative to other providers that may be adjacent to us in the wholesale phase, for example, focusing on connectivity, that, of course, is completely unsurprising to me, given the economics of our business and the relative appeal of the economics of our business, vis-à-vis a more raw wholesale offering. But I think when you look at it, the real value, and in terms of the amount of time that it takes to build a global reach and scale and scope of network density that we have, is simply not something that happens quickly. And so I think there are ways that they might, vis-à-vis their own offers relative to other wholesale players, be able to differentiate themselves and improve their win rate in an otherwise highly competitive environment. I think that it may help some of those players with that. But I don't really view it as, in any way, a substitute for the level of performance in network density [indiscernible].
Charles Meyers: Frank, this is Charles. No, I would say, in fact, those multi-year deals, many of them, we really had a very focused effort on sort of long-term renewals, particularly with our core strategic customers. And many of those continue to include PIs, annual PIs, which is consistent with the model and something that, I think, people have -- they understand the reasons for that, and it's typically baked into those. So no, there is -- our overall pricing remains firm. I think we look at each of those renewals. And sometimes we do, for example, say we're willing to make some concessions to get even longer durability and term in the contract, and we're willing to make those trade-offs as appropriate. But no, I think that -- I definitely don't think there's been a shift in the pricing power there. Our objective is just to make sure that we have a long-term productive relationship with critical strategic customers that are not only fundamental to our business because of their inherent scale but equally or more importantly because they're central to our developing ecosystem.
Charles Meyers: Sure. So I think relative to the large deals, I would say we actually continue to see -- one of the great things about being the market leader is you have visibility to the deal flow. And we tend to get visibility to virtually all of the deal flow. And so -- and there is still plenty of and perhaps increasingly, an increasing amount of large deal opportunity out there. And there are some of those where there is a particular requirement relative to performance, latency, global reach, et cetera, that we are still well-positioned and will pursue those deals and win rates that we have become accustomed to. However, I think there is also a portion of the deal flow that is in part due to the competitive intensity of the wholesale space and market clearing prices dropping to a level that we simply view as unattractive. And I think that if you go back several years, you would say, "Okay, there were probably a portion of those because the premium, if you will, was smaller, that we would have one that I think now you're saying we're unwilling to go to the price points there and are therefore not closing this." So I think that's the general dynamic. It's slightly -- and that's causing a slight shift towards our sort of sweet spot in the small to midsize deals. But that's generally these large deal dynamics. On the enterprise side, it is not really a budgetary issue. It is really more related to the fact that these customers are taking time to sort through what exactly hybrid architectures mean to them. And they are moving from trying to figure out how to get their infrastructure out of their own basements and figuring out what portion of that goes colo, what portion of that is well-positioned to move into a public cloud setting, perhaps due to the need for reversible workloads, and what does it mean to implement a hybrid cloud. And oftentimes, as they come to grips with that, they realize that the network density that Equinix provides is a very compelling reason to sort of center their hybrid cloud infrastructure around Equinix. But that is a nontrivial sort of assessment on the part of an enterprise CIO. And anybody who's holding an enterprise realizes that those sales cycles can be protracted. And they often start with smaller deal sizes. And that's really the dynamic that we're experiencing.
Keith D. Taylor: And Mike, the deal with -- the first question on the oldest assets growing 4% quarter-over-quarter -- sorry, year-over-year, I think it's important to note, number one, a lot of these assets are reaching sort of a critical level of occupancy. And so number one, a lot of that growth does come from pricing to the extent that there's some level of optimization in those older assets. It does come from new products there, some more cross connects. But one thing that I don't want to be lost on the people listening on our call here is some of these assets are highly valuable to us. And we'd rather let those assets like in LA1 -- we'd rather maintain and cordon off some of that space for our unique set of customers. And so instead of selling it to whomever, if it's a network-oriented IBX like they typically are, we're going to reserve that capacity for that future opportunity. And so sometimes that can retard the year-over-year growth. So it's fair to say that we're being disciplined about filling up those assets. Going forward, I think it's reasonable to expect a 3% to 5% year-over-year increase, and that's sort of how I think about those assets.
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. Thanks for the questions, David. I think first and foremost, you sort of hit the nail on the head. And so what I will really do is just orient everybody on the call and certainly you, David. So when we started the year, we said we could do roughly $2.2 billion of revenue, we say greater than $2.2 billion. As you're aware, there's $34 million of currency and a $16 million accounting adjustment. That's a $50 million, if you will, noncontrollable movement, if you will, in our revenue line. That takes you to 21 50. We're guiding a midpoint 21 40. And the reason we're explaining the $31 million, as you know, is because based on the first quarter, the $21 million shortfall from FX, we said we could capture that. And Steve and Charles have done a good job of explaining that. So from that perspective, you then move over to EBITDA and you say, "Look, 15.5% revenue growth. Now let me look at EBITDA. What's going on there?" Well, we told you we could do 10 10. And so as you're aware, doing 10 10, if you take out the $16 million again from the accounting adjustment and you do -- and the $14 million, if you will, attributed to currency, that's $30 million. We're guiding you to 90 90 at the top end of our guidance range. If you add back those 2 items alone, you get to 10 20 And so the real shift that you're seeing here is we also told you we're going to spend $20 million in REIT costs. That number has now gone up to $26 million. So on an apples-to-apples basis, you're looking at 10 46. That's sort of EBITDA. And so how that manifests itself really in the Q3 numbers and certainly how it translates into Q4, if you think about the guidance that we give from an EBITDA perspective for Q3, we said midpoint, we're going to do about $238 million. There's $2 million of incremental currency head, as we said. So that's $240 million. As you know, revenues are going to go up roughly $14 million on an FX basis, so $14 million up. But we should deliver, if you see that drop-down to the EBITDA line, roughly $254 million. So what's causing the backstep? Well, number one, next quarter, as we said in our prepared remarks, there's going to be $11 million of professional fees going through Q3's numbers. The amount of energy and the amount of consultants and contractors inside our building today to take the company, move it towards the REIT is substantial. And so there's an $8 million incremental investment just next quarter for all these people, hundreds of people who are in our building working on this project. Second thing, salary benefits are going to go up, $6 million. Thirdly, as you know, Q3 is always our higher utility quarter. We're going to spend more on utility, just like pricing of $4 million. And then there's a small adjustment benefit to us of $2 million. So bottom line, you basically -- all of that benefit you're going to get is going to roll basically to professional fees and this, if you will, this pricing environment. But by the time you get to Q4, you're going to get -- you're effectively going to get all of that back. And so when I adjust all the numbers and I say, "Okay, if you look at -- if you take out the currency, if you take out the accounting change, how is the business going to perform," you're almost at 48% EBIT margin, absent those REIT-related cash -- those cash costs at $26 million. And that tells you exactly what Charles said and what Keith alluded. The overall performance of the business, we're seeing obviously strategic performance, global platform, better margin. Overall, the business is performing at a higher level. And so that margin you're going to get effectively in the fourth quarter. And so that sort of reconciles you to the key differences that I think you've alluded to. REIT, next steps, again, certainly, we're spending a lot as it relates to our advisors. There's nothing that we can -- there's nothing I can tell you because I don't know anything, nor does the team know anything, regarding the working group. And so from our perspective, we're going to continue to march down the road to deliver on our REIT conversion by 1/1/15. And again, a testament, they're evidenced by, if you will, the level of spend and effort going on in this company towards not only the REIT conversion but all of the other global tax work we're doing, we're wholly comfortable that we'll convert it as planned on 1/1/15.
Keith D. Taylor: Well, David, we certainly think we're moving down that path. Certainly, we're just trying to give you a sense of the things that we think about when it comes to maintenance CapEx and the level of reinvestment we need to make. I still think we have some work to do on the definition of AFFO. Clearly, we are working on it as you can appreciate, we're looking at our peer group. We're certainly looking at AMT, and we're looking at the Navy definition. Only when we get, if you will, the green light from the IRS do I think we'll come out and give you a very detailed and descriptive point of view on what that AFFO calculation is. Suffice it to say, though, when you look at the discretionary free cash flow, we continue to believe that's a really good surrogate right now. And overall, as some have written, there's some level of conservatism in there, given the fact that it includes all of our ongoing CapEx. So our general view is we're moving down the road, but we're not yet there -- we're not there yet to define what the AFFO metric will be. We use this more as just an interpretation. If economic life of the asset is 30 years or greater, the accounting life is different than effectively the economic life. Part of it is due to GAAP accounting. Part of it is due to interpretation. And this just gives you a pretty good idea of what our spend is going to look like.
