Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, we had a tremendous start to the year. The demand backdrop for the business remains robust as enterprises across the globe continue to aggressively prioritize digital transformation and service providers expand their infrastructure globally in response to this demand. Data is being created, moved, manipulated, and stored at unprecedented levels. And the need to distribute infrastructure and position it in proximity to the broader digital ecosystem is fueling outsized demand for the distinctive value proposition and platform equities. Growth continues to outpace our Analyst Day expectations, thanks to strength across multiple simultaneous growth vectors for the business, expanding geographic reach, accelerating adoption of digital services, low churn, positive pricing trends and strong channel execution. We continue to leverage our market-leading scale and expansive balance sheet to deliver new capacity, even in an increasingly challenging macro environment. And our bold future-first sustainability agenda guides and rallies our team as we collectively pursue our shared purpose to be the platform where the world comes together to create the innovations that enrich our work, our life and our planet. We are delighted with the ongoing performance of the business, optimistic about the road ahead and remain keenly focused on delivering distinctive and durable value to our customers and to you, our shareholders. So let me stop there, and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks, Simon. I'll start, and Keith can add on as you wish. It's -- we had a great quarter in Europe. So big kudos to the sales team there. Johan Arts, our sales leader, just pulled together a tremendous quarter. And I think -- we've asked him to continue to reshape that business as we've shifted our revenue mix there into really the sweet spot of sort of the small to midsized deals. We're seeing great momentum there. And again, we talked a few quarters ago about accelerating growth there back to sort of prior levels, and we've certainly delivered on that forecast this year or this quarter with that back at 9%. So -- and pipeline looks good. So I would say that the broader macro environment in terms of the prioritization of digital transformation and kind of what we're seeing from technology and IT buyers continues to look good, and I think a high degree of relevance in terms of how they're looking at us and the role that we play in that. So overall, I continue to feel very good about that part of the world. So -- from a power perspective, as we said previously, we're kind of pretty much entirely hedged where we can be in Europe. And so we have not seen substantial impacts there. We are seeing elevated rates in terms of -- so as our -- but we have a lot of runway as we look at our hedges and are continuing to build our hedge positions for 2023 and beyond. But the hedge -- the success of our hedging program, I think, gives us a lot of visibility and runway to figuring out when we need to pass those through and at what levels. And that's ongoing work. And we'll be, I think, in a good position going into 2023 to adjust to that.
Charles Meyers: Yeah. I mean the Atlanta market has been good. We continue to see demand there, and we've been making some of our own transition in terms of really attracting and motivating the network density into the AT1 facility on Peachtree. And so it's -- and again, you certainly see competitive wins in that market as well as just net new customers. So it's been a good market. We're continuing to invest there in terms of new capacity, as you noted, and we feel good about that market overall.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yeah. I mean, because where we're hedged now is in the rising rate environment as we have these feathered hedges over multiple years. We're hedged essentially below the prevailing market rate. And so -- and in a rising rate environment, what that provides is actually some protection to the customer against those market rates, because we'll be able to roll them in more gradually. And so that's our effect that we see. Again, as hedges roll-off and you've hedged at increasing rates, you are chasing that up. But again, it provides a net benefit there. And the customer will have an expectation as they see what the market rate is even in their own personal power consumption. There's generally a broader expectation that they're going to see some sort of a rise, and we can mitigate that to some degree. So I think the hedging and the success of our hedging, and that's the way it's worked for us in rising rate environments over time. And so we feel generally good about that. As I said, we're well-ahead of that planning cycle as we build our hedges for 2023 and beyond. So anything further to add there, Keith? And then on pricing, yeah, actually, we had -- continue to have strong pricing -- positive pricing actions. We have increased list pricing meaningfully. And I think that we're continuing to evaluate that in terms of -- and that's partially an implication of an artifact of increasing unit costs and other effects in the business beyond power like labor, for example. But that tends to work its way into the business slowly overtime as you see some of that. And we continue to see just a really strong response to the value proposition on a value basis. And so we have been increasing net pricing beyond power as well.
Charles Meyers: Yeah. I'll start with the demand piece. I think we just continue to see an increasing overall addressable market as people continue to prioritize digital transformation its become such a central part of how people are looking to compete in the modern age that. And the nature of digital infrastructure has continued to change so much as they adopt public cloud, as that becomes a prominent part of their infrastructure strategy, as they think about factors like data sovereignty and application performance and application modernization and the complexity of networking in a sort of hybrid and hybrid cloud world. All of those things really lend themselves well to our value proposition. And I think people are seeing us increasingly relevant to those discussions. And so -- and that's really resulted in what you're seeing, which is several strong quarters of bookings in a row, record levels. And as Keith said in his script, our pipeline continues to look strong. So this isn't a matter of sort of emptying the coverage. We continue to see a growing pipeline. We see record levels of pipeline in our digital services portfolio and continue to see all elements of the business really, really respond strongly from a demand perspective. So we're not seeing any fading of that. It does not feel in any way to us like some sort of catch-up, but instead a more sustained level of demand for the business. And then, relative to churn, we've always said, the best way to reduce churn over time is to put the right business into the platform to begin with. And I think our strategy is really paying off there. And we always are -- always caution people in terms of churn can move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. But if you look at eight-quarter trend or a 12-quarter trend on churn, I think it will start to reveal to you that the downward trend is, in fact, I think, sustainable. Again, I wouldn't want to bet on every quarter being where this one is. But I do think that we have demonstrated sustainable downward trajectory on our churn.
Charles Meyers: Yes, a little bit. I would say, overall, look, the big power issue is really Singapore. It's very much on the margin in any other places. I think, going forward, I think we might see more of -- we have the planning to do in 2023 and beyond as power -- as hedges roll off and as we think about that, as I commented earlier, but I think that's more of something we have plenty of visibility to and an ability to respond to. As it relates to this year, Singapore is by far the overwhelming issue. And there's not a ton of change from what we said last quarter. I think, Q1 was actually a little better than we expected. And then the back half of the year might be a little higher than we had originally forecasted, but they're kind of going to come out kind of in roughly the same place. We now have over 50% of our load hedged or locked in rate-wise in Singapore. So we have better visibility of that. And I don't think a ton of variability and outcome from here. We'll continue to update you, if that changes. But not a big change, probably slightly more on the back end and less in this -- we had a better quarter this quarter than what we had in that original forecast. But on a full year basis, really roughly what we had said previously.
Charles Meyers: Yes, a good question. Good question. I think that we have a fair amount of headroom in a lot of markets in the Americas, right? We're at a lower overall utilization rate there on a much bigger business. So there's plenty of capacity to sell. So I'm sure my sales teams are hearing me say that. So they're playing to go around. And the Americas business has performed exceptionally well. And another shout-out to Arquelle Shaw, our senior sales leader in the Americas. And I think that business is really humming and delivering strong sales execution. And so, you're right. A lot of the investment is going to -- going outside the US, but we've also are topping up in key markets in the US and in the Americas broadly to meet the demand there. So we feel good about our ability to both deliver the new capacity and to sell it. And we've got a new President of the Americas coming online, Tara Risser, and she's a tremendously customer-centric executive. And very excited about that. So I feel -- we feel great about the trajectory in the Americas. Again, I think plenty of opportunity to grow into the capacity that is there and drive utilization up. And we will continue to invest where there are markets that we start to see sort of pinch points out there in the future. And so overall, I feel really good about our ability to continue to put capacity online and sell it aggressively.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean I think you're getting that sort of enterprise LFP and whether or not there is a sort of intermediate offer there between xScale. I would tell you that we, again, continue to -- if those needs are in the context of a broader platform requirement and how a customer is thinking about their digital transformation, then we will talk to them about how we might do that and where we might be able to meet that need. But again, the sort of the larger footprint, more commodity sort of colo enterprise requirement, isn't a major focus for us. In fact, as I talked about, we've really been retooling our revenue mix in markets like Europe to really focus on the sweet spot of the retail business, interconnection-edge, ecosystem-centric that delivers superior MRR per cab. It delivers superior retention. And that's what you're seeing show up in the business, better MRR per cab, lower churn, et cetera. So we've got to stick to the strategy that continues to drive the performance in the business. And I would tell you what we're seeing. You saw -- on occasion, you do see large enterprise-type needs. And we'll partner with enterprises and thinking that through. But I will tell you that, for the most part, I think a lot of times, customers are saying, 'Hey, we're going to put -- we're going to use a mix of public cloud and private cloud, and we really need to place our data in a sort of -- in more of an inter-cloud kind of location to drive performance and to meet statutory requirements, et cetera. And so I feel really good about the portfolio that we have. And I actually think the real -- a big opportunity with us on the enterprise side is the digital services portfolio. Really, delivering them Metal -- they're finding very well Metal is a value proposition because it helps them mitigate their technology life cycle management. It helps them be more agile, more scale, more rapidly move capacity around as they need it and as customer demand mandates that for them. And then Network Edge is a way that they really are thinking about retooling and rethinking networking in a cloud-centric world. And then, of course, Fabric, you see the momentum that we have there. And so I feel good about the portfolio, and we're going to -- we stood up the digital services BU and are going to continue to make some investments there, and I think that's going to position us really well for continued enterprise momentum. So really long answer to your question, but I think we'd be very selective about that. We don't see a big priority on sort of large footprint, lower margin profile kind of business.
Charles Meyers: Well, I mean it's -- I think the business is executing really well. We're not sort of trying to chase every bit of hyperscale that's out there. We've got an aggressive but an appropriate plan that we think delivers strategic value to the overall platform. We're focused on a relatively small number of sort of global hyperscalers that we think are critical to how the overall cloud macro plays out and are focused on them. I think it's really just being able to continue to deliver capacity. And so we've been more aggressive about land banking. We're continuing to work to make sure that we have the capacity and the key equipment necessary. So our supply chain team has been active both in terms of both our -- the xScale side of our business and retail to ensure that we are buying inventory or making forward commitments to ensure the availability of equipment to get projects delivered on time. So I think that's going to be the key thing for us. And right now, we feel very good about that. In fact, since the last quarter, we talked about -- over a couple of quarters ago I guess it was we talked about having roughly $100 million of pre-commitment and inventory in place to try to mitigate against supply chain, we've nearly doubled that to continue to sort of anticipate and head off any pinch points that exist in the supply chain. So I think we're doing a good job there, but I think that's the area that we need to continue to focus on. And I guess the proof is in the pudding in that our delivery dates are all, on average, a few outliers here and there, but on average, we're no more than a week or two delayed on projects. And so being continuing to deliver on-time deployments.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Look, I mean we -- every deal is a little bit different. I mean I would say that there are good examples in our past of where we have stretched in what terms of maybe a multiple that we paid based on our belief about our ability to sort of buy that multiple down over time through growth. And I think Metronode and Infomart are probably a couple of examples that pop to mind that we've both turned out to be really great deals for us. But we're going to be appropriately disciplined. We're not going to win every deal, but we also believe that M&A is a key tool in the toolbox. And we think there are opportunities out there for us to continue to extend and scale our platform and our priorities kind of remain the same. Key interconnection assets, scale in markets where we're seeing success and continue to extend our platform geographically into the markets that matter. And I think all those types of opportunities are available. So -- and we've got the balance sheet to pull it off, I think. So we'll be out there, we'll be aggressive. And in cases where we think it makes sense to stretch, we will. And where we don't, we won't.
Charles Meyers: Yes. Great question, Brendan. One, obviously, that we are very focused on and think a lot about. I'll start with just simply saying that we continue to see 50% as an appropriate long-term target for EBITDA margin. There's a number of moving parts on the overall margin trajectory of the business. And as you said, some -- we've talked about many of those with power, particularly the Singapore power situation being central to that. We kind of already talked about that dynamic, which is -- were a little better than expected in Q1. Back half of the year might be a little bit worse than what we had originally forecast, but not a major shift there. As we enter next year, we'd expect to see APAC margins normalize either through moderating rates, and we can't really predict that fully. Or even if they don't moderate by us, essentially, putting additional PIs through and getting in line with the broader market. And so I think we'll see margin normalization there. And we continue to drive and expect continued operating leverage in the business in the back half of the year from several of our targeted efficiency programs in the business. And so we do think we need to have other levers available to continue to drive operating leverage. But we also may make some investments in quarter ahead, I think, given the tremendous booking strengths that we're seeing. So I don't think that would be surprising to anybody. So bottom line, we'll give you more detailed guidance on the 2023 and beyond margin profile as that becomes more clear. But I think the really critical takeaways are that: one, we continue to see 50% as an achievable target; and two, that we really remain confident that we can deliver against the Analyst Day AFFO per share growth targets through some combination of top line growth and appropriate operating leverage. And at the end of the day, that's really our lighthouse metric is driving that AFFO per share growth.
Charles Meyers: Yeah. Really good question. Generally, we don't see that happening. I think a number of the – I think Bell was a little bit more aligned, maybe a little – maybe a little bit of that, and we'll continue to reshape that customer mix a bit, but much smaller scale than Verizon was in a bit of a different dynamic there. And then some of the other ones, I think, are more, more in line with kind of the overall customer profile or much smaller in their overall scope. So there's certainly some of that you inevitably see in M&A, but I wouldn't see anything on the horizon that would meaningfully tick that up.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Let me – yeah, and recap, I'll give you a little bit of a more holistic view and then comment on Americas. And Keith just commented on this, we saw a nice uptick in overall in MRR per cap on a global basis. I think it's driven in meaningful part by significant organic strength in Europe and then some uptick in APAC in definitely with the PI – Power PI and Singapore contributing to that. But more than half of that is really driven, on an overall global basis, is driven by underlying organic strength in the business. In the Americas, we – there are a couple of moving parts there. We've always encouraged people to kind of look at a multi-quarter average since that metric can really be more volatile depending on several factors. And we saw a few of those factors. We saw some settlement activity in the Americas that was a one-time thing. We saw a large install, which is not yet ramped. And so you get the cabs, but not as much revenue. And then finally, we get – had a little bit of a price action associated with the very large renewal we did with NASDAQ, which was a huge win for us, but had a little bit of downward impact on that. But overall, I think nothing of concern. I think the MRR per cab in the Americas is still exceptionally healthy. And I think, we'd continue to be able to feel like we can continue to manage it at or above those levels.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yeah. The power PIs, I think it all depends is the answer. Because I think that if we saw a reversion back to meaningfully lower rates, then I think we would adjust accordingly. And so, I do think that we kind of separate out more of the power-related pricing adjustments associated with power volatility from more structural sort of price levels and margin profiles within the business. And so, I think we're just going to have to navigate that in terms of -- but I do think the market saw a big uptick pass through those meaningful adjustments and then saw a reversion, I think we would make adjustments there. And so -- but I think it's going to very much depend and be something we'll have to look at on a market-by-market basis. And then pricing, I think in terms of its impact on MRR per cab, yes, I mean, I think that as we increase pricing due to various inflationary factors as well as due to the continued strength of our value proposition and our ability to continue to add more value for our customers, I think that's going to have a positive impact on our MRR per cab and just allow us to continue to preserve margins and drive the appropriate returns on capital. So we're going to have to continue to monitor that in terms of just how with the pace and the level of the inflationary forces in the business are. But right now, I think we've demonstrated that across the board we can make appropriate pricing adjustments and therefore feel like we can preserve that MRR per cab trajectory.
Keith Taylor: Just as we've noted and it's embedded in our guidance is the impact coming from the power cost in Singapore having a knock-on impact not only on the Asia Pac market, but the overall performance of the business on a gross margin basis. So again, nothing out of what we expected. As Charles alluded to, the fact of the matter is that stabilized assets are growing at 6% on a recurring revenue basis. We have great momentum in the business, and we've now absorbed effectively with the Q1 results, the impact of the Singapore business. And so that's the business on a go-forward basis there.
Keith Taylor: Jon, if I might just add, I think, it's also important to note -- again, we didn't talk about it specifically, but the net pricing past pricing actions this quarter were substantial even when you take out the increased power pricing. And so when we look at our overall growth rate, you could take out the full implication of our -- of the pricing increases associated with power, and you still have a growth rate of greater than 9% on a normalized and constant currency basis. So yeah, it does have some impact. But the reality is it's the fundamental business that is driving the growth there on the top line. And that leaves us open to, as Charles said, the discussion of what happens later as inflation continues to take hold. What do we do with our pricing in addition to our list price adjustments? So overall, I'd just say that I think we're in a really good position from a pricing perspective. You can see in our blended MR per cap. And even when you sort of discount out the impact of power pricing associated with our current price increases, you still see a nice fundamental increase in our overall pricing on a per capita basis.
Keith Taylor: So I'd just add, just on to what Charles said there. The other thing that, as you probably recognize, we put Bell Canada's assets into our metrics last year or the end of last year, and they come at a lower MRR per cab than the average rate. And as a result, you've seen the dilutive impact of that, coupled with the fact that Canadian business continues to perform well, and so you've got a little bit of a mix on a go-forward basis. The last thing I would say is the currencies, again, this is a US dollar denominated number. And so you see that, the impact of lower currencies, we're not neutralizing it when we report on the non-financial metric page we do on the regional breakout page. But all you've got the impact of currencies influencing given the strength of the US dollar. It's just Japan is down about 12%. As an example, year-to-date, we've got other markets that have taken a little bit of a hit relative to the US dollar. So there are a number of things that are going on. But fundamentally, this is not anything to worry about. In fact, we're seeing greater strength in the business given the pricing profile that we have. And so we've not put a lot of focus on that particular metric.
Keith Taylor: Yeah. And then as regards to the regional, the profitability, as we said, $42 million of incremental EBITDA, $20 million is coming from MainOne. You've got $2 million coming from currencies. Again, that gives you a sense of the strength of our hedge positions on a currency basis. The financial impact of the business is very relatively de minimis for the rest of the year under current course and speed. So that feels good. So, relating to the organic business, you're seeing strong broad-based performance across the business. One of the comments that Charles made is we're seeing strength in all three regions in the world. And because of that strength in the top line is driving profitability in the top line, we think -- again, as you appreciate, in the US or the Americas business, we make corporate decisions and make accruals, and so we embed that a part of the corporate level there for the Americas region. But overall, the fundamental business across all three regions is strong. And the only thing I would add to that is, yeah, you see the fluctuation in Asia Pacific, and that's specific to the Singapore matter that Charles has spoken of. And again, that's in our numbers now. It's in our run rate. And on a go-forward basis, we feel very good about the profitability in the business. And so you're seeing that growth and the momentum in the business, and it's right across the board.
Keith Taylor: Great questions. Let me first start with just the overall performance of the business. So the one we just did, as you know, that we base yield of 3.9% when we put treasury locks in place at the end of last year and the beginning of this year. And so we're able to trade it down to a 10-year term 3.35%. So exceedingly pleased with the performance of that transaction. That effectively fully funded the acquisition of Entel and MainOne. As we noted in the results, there's -- when we portion the increased interest expense this year relative to the two acquisitions, $8 million of it was allocated to MainOne and the other $22 million is running through our books right now. Now we've absorbed the cost. It's sitting there. It's in our guide, but we've yet to report the addition of the Entel acquisition. That will happen sometime in the second quarter, the May-June time frame. And as a result, you're going to get the net benefit of that. So effectively, what you're saying is you've already funded the cost side of the equation and will enjoy the, if you will, the income side of the equation yet. So that's that. As it relates to overall sort of our capital management, we do have the flexibility. We're 3.8x levered right now as a business. As we look forward, we still feel that the leverage in the 4-plus range is appropriate. We've got more flexibility with our three rating agencies, and we're very thankful for that. We've got the flexibility to draw down on debt. We think debt is -- despite the rising interest rates as of late, it's still a cheaper source of capital for us and, hence, why we took $1.2 billion off the table in April. We're looking obviously at other debt transactions over some period of time. Europe seems to be a good place given the differential in borrowing rates. And then we always will use a blend of debt and equity, largely because that's what we do. And I think that's what allows us to have the strength in which Charles referred to before. We can transact with a strong balance sheet with great success, given how we've structured ourselves. And so, the only other thing I'd say is we are looking forward just because what we fund today, we also are looking forward into 2023 and 2024, what is the capital needs of the business. So we're maintaining that flexibility as we look forward in periods of great volatility. We always like to strike, as I said in my prepared remarks, when we think it's appropriate to raise the capital. And given the strong balance sheet, we've used that flexibility and got into the market at times that we've chosen. And that's been very, very effective to us on a long-term basis. So all that is a long-winded response, I'd say that we have great flexibility. We're absorbing costs today without the income attached to them. And I'm excited about the opportunity on a go-forward basis. The business is performing exceedingly well, and it's going to give us an opportunity to continue to fund the growth that we see in the business. And I'll stop there.
