Stephen M. Smith: Okay, thanks Keith. Let me now shift gears and cover our outlook for 2014 on slide 16. For the second quarter of 2014 we expect revenues to be in the range of $594 to $598 million. Cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68% to 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between a $135 million and a $139 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $267 million and $273 million, which includes the $11 million in costs related to the REIT conversion.  Capital expenditures are expected to be $165 million to $175 million, including $60 million of ongoing capital expenditures. For the full year of 2014 we are raising revenue to be greater than $2.395 billion or greater than 11% year-over-year growth, which includes $7 million of positive foreign currency benefit compared to our Q1 guidance range.  Total year cash gross margins are expected to be 69%, cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $530 million and $550 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be greater than $1.105 billion which includes $3 million of positive foreign currency benefit compared to our Q1 guidance range and also includes $37 million in cost related to our REIT conversion efforts.  We expect 2014 capital expenditures to range between $550 million and $650 million, including approximately $200 million of ongoing capital expenditures. So in closing we are off to a strong start in 2014 and are well positioned to deliver profitable growth while continuing to invest and innovate to fully realize the benefits of our global interconnection platform. We sit at the heart of the rapidly evolving digital economy and are the only data center company that brings together an extensive global footprint in the existing relationships with thousands of network, cloud, constant and enterprise customers.  Hybrid cloud is emerging as the clear IT architecture of choice for service providers and enterprises alike and we see this as a unique opportunity to capitalize on our market leadership. We will continue to invest in this opportunity by building next generation interconnection solutions and building a robust cloud eco-system that will meaningfully increase the inherent long term value of the business.  So let me stop here an open it up for questions. Rachel I'll turn it back over to you. 
Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Mike I'll start out and we can pile on here. So generally speaking from a sales and bookings productivity standpoints. There is good steady state productivity and as you guys that we've said in the past quarters the ramp is bi-vertical. But we do have a high level of competitiveness going on particularly we're staying very disciplined in our deal reviews as you guys see in our MRR per cabinet results.  We do still believe there is upside as our reps continue to mature and we get better at our offerings that we're expanding as we talked about today we become more adept at -- the enterprise and as the cloud unfolds. So I think the team believes there is still more upside for the reps around the world. So overall there is a lot of positive momentum from our exit rate in fourth quarter and certainly the good start we had here in this quarter.  We haven't talked a lot about this but Charles has probably reported this we're augmenting our direct sales force which is around 220 to your specific question, Mike to-date -- heads in the direct sales engine. We starting to augment that with an indirect channel that we're starting to sell through and with platform partners and resellers as-well-as working with some referral partners to help generate new leads. There is a lot of activity going on both the direct and indirect front that total headcount on -- heads will probably go towards 240 maybe up to 250 as you think about full year into the year.  So as Keith mentioned in his script we had very good results first quarter across the three regions. Actually in Americas they have the gross bookings since Q4 of '12 and as he said they had very good export bookings. And actually in the other two regions we exceeded both our growth in net bookings planned. So really good results in the quarter pipeline healthy, coverage ratios look good, conversion rates are up. So generally speaking sales engine is doing very well. 
Stephen M. Smith: Well not allowed Mike but as Keith said in his script we're full speed ahead with all the system and process work to drive us towards that conversion of January 1, 2015. So as all of your probably saw over the last couple of weeks there was a good news with -- and CBS -- getting -- launch. And so with PLR starting to be issued that obviously is good to see that -- broken. But we don't have any specific update other than the IRS has informed us that it's actively working our PLR request and will respond in due course. So we don't expect as mentioned in the script any delay in the ruling on our PLR and we're full speed ahead towards 1-1-15. 
Stephen M. Smith: I'd add Jon to the question to what Charles said, I think he had it dead on but I'd add that one of the differentiators of the fact that we have an exchange platform deployed in 20 markets, almost 20 markets today. So other people are talking about building something, we are extending and enhancing our current Ethernet exchange fabric to just address this multi-cloud, multi-network feature requirement that we are starting to see.  So we are going to drive to a higher level of interoperability, we are going to have portals, we are going to have self-provisioning, we are going to have API development, so there is a lot of development going on underneath the requirements that we are getting from these big announcements that we are making. So the Verizon and the AT&Ts and the Microsoft and AWS requirements are driving us to develop a much higher level of capability that just doesn't exist in the market.  So I would tell you there is real differentiation because there is real capability out there today that we are just enhancing that doesn't exist with many of the other competitors. So Keith if you want to add…
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah Colby I'll start and let others jump as well. The absolutely the cloud -- represents an incremental technology investment on our part and much more than expansion or rebranding. As Steve indicated essentially we're building off of the existing Ethernet and Internet exchanges by beginning to integrate those exchanges and have invest significantly in terms of ATI development to really allow for interoperability automated provisioning, circuit provisioning on a realtime basis et cetera.  So there is a lot of investment that goes in well beyond what we've in the Ethernet exchange platform. So we're excited about that and there are actually future extensions of the technology that we will look forward to sharing at our Analyst Day in June that will give you a better picture of things. So very exciting and now we're getting really great response from our customers already. 
Stephen M. Smith: I did miss one piece of your question Colby relative to connectivity inter region connectivity. All I'd say is that I think we actively are looking at how we continue to deliver connectivity between our assets in a way that's responsive to the customer need. And so obviously we look at that more or so at a metro level first and then within the region. But what we want to be able to do is make sure that as companies deploy with us on a global basis which by the way the script talked about 86 of our top 100 customers deployed across an average of 10 metros globally.  That means that what they want to do is deploy in a place that fits best with their needs but be able to gain access to the services, cloud service providers, networks et cetera that they need more globally. So that's going to require us to continue to assess our connectivity in our interconnection portfolio. But our initial focus is more on the metro and within the region. 
Stephen M. Smith: Why don't -- I will take the first cut at that and then you guys can jump in. Absolutely we see a trend towards customers that are attracted early on to the sort of variable costs trying to ramp the time to market benefit that public cloud implementation can offer. But typically those that begin to scale rapidly find two things, one that the economics of public cloud at a certain utilization levels begin to become sort of burdensome and substantially less attractive than going with full [pay model] and putting their own infrastructure in place.  And number two they struggle with the customization requirements or their ability to customize and respond to the evolution of their application in a public cloud environment. As a result almost inevitably what they move to is a hybrid cloud environment. They leverage, they continue to leverage the public cloud particularly for university type workloads or efforts where they are unsure about the growth or performance of an application and they often started out in public cloud and then move into a hybrid cloud environment.  So that's absolutely something that we see. We expected that trend will continue. And then relative to the size of the deployment it is -- I would say in fact we commented that our average size deployment in Equinix is coming down. And that is because people generally are going to one, even within a colocation or an owned infrastructure environment are moving to multi-tiered architectures and they would typically put their network nodes and their service nodes which are, where they need the network density application performance et cetera inside of Equinix facilities and then may locate larger footprints implementations elsewhere where they can get substantially more aggressive rates.  And then you combine that with moving beyond multi-tiered architectures into true hybrid cloud. And I would say that we are going to see more sort of small to mid-size implementations but we are going to see a couple of factors that go with that. One they are going to be multi-metro, multi-region and as we said that is very frequently 8, 10, 12, 15 locations globally, number one and number two they tend to be more inter-connection dense and therefore perform better from a yield per cabinet basis.  And so that's really the essence of our strategy that improves customer retention. It is really the strategy that we believe is going to allow us to continue to mitigate churn and grow both the top line and the bottom line. 
Stephen M. Smith: I agree as we said on last call we actually we see ourselves -- back of the year we should be getting up to this sort of that level of margin. Recognizing obviously would -- two major programs by that point. I am just -- how the costs are going to fall in 2015 is probably a little bit premature but certainly gives you a pretty good indication of what we think we can do entering 2015. And so I feel pretty good about that level of guidance. 
Stephen M. Smith: If I could just add. I'd say that two regions that sort of benefited the most was the Americas roughly $- million of net benefit in the quarter that we recognized 50% of that would be I am sorry $1 million of that would have been in the Americas and roughly $2 million in Asia Pacific related to more specifically to Singapore environment. So that's where the sort of the $3 million uplifts had come. Again as Charles alluded to we tend to get lower margins on that type of business but it is very attractive business to us and that's reflected in our results. 
Stephen M. Smith: Well certainly varies by region. We're significantly advantaged as you heard us talk about -- global requirement -- consistency. But the competitive intensity is heavy it's heavy in Europe, it's heavy in a metro certainly it's been more capacity that's come on board last two, three, four years. And so yeah we're competing for pretty much everything. But where you see a requirement, require multiple metro and multiple region types of port we start to find ourselves in significantly advantage. But I mean you have to go market by market to give you the competitive intensity texture it really varies market by market. 
Stephen M. Smith: Probably stable I think the big -- tab in the last couple of years and is predominantly wholesale and I think we talked about that as expensively over last several quarters around the larger footprints there is much more wholesale capacity out there. But the type of retail network mutual global capacity that we bring on to the market still has put us in a very, very good position for the type work we need mission critical global footprint connectivity type issues are I think we are still in a big advantage there. 
Stephen M. Smith: Well Charles now take a quick at that. So on the standards certainly one of the requirements we are seeing out there is a requirement for common interfaces to drive the interoperability as you referred to it. So there is a clear opportunity for us with our cloud exchange to simply that interface for customers coming in with very complex requirements and we will do that to elute it to the earlier question that came out. And so yes there is there will be standardization driven not much different then we saw thirty years ago we went from mainframe to many and then we went to client serve and then we went to the desktop.  The next shift is cloud as a -- shift and there is going to be standards in common interfaces and methodologies and all kinds of things that are typical with the technology -on ships so yes and we will help associate that. 
Stephen M. Smith: Always -- I’ll talk first relative to the Open IX not to the RIX force in that momentum there. Its combination factors really I think it's one the continued growth of the number of testing’s on that and the value prepositions that delivers to those customers. And as we have said before we continuously asses the pricing and of our products in the market and so there has been some adjustments pricing allows us to continue to be extremely competitive and I think just overall those are probably the key factors that have really driven that.  And I think there is a demand side in fact some demand side factors as well which is some of the evolution over the top and other things that are driving interconnection and connectivity requirements for both our actually just increasing the appetite for IT traffic exchange. And so there is a demand side phenomena we're meeting that up with continued investment in the platform as-well-as ensuring that we remain competitive from a price standpoint and that's really serving us well. 
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah. Let me start and Charles then you may fill in some holes. On the BATS win, Simon significant wins for us as we mentioned in the comments today. The momentum has picked up around that deployment that's happening in our – campus. And we're starting to see BATS deploy, we're starting to see a lot of activity from customers that are going to connect into that. So it's really picked up the momentum particularly in the – campus. So big, big win for us with that assets.  On the high frequency front we're in a position given that we're servicing so many different clients and as you guys know we're up over 800 financial services clients of which I think a 150 or so are due to the exchange trading venues. We're significantly advantaged here because of the multiple asset classes and geographies and trading styles that we covered today with all the different client bases. So we're not suspect to any one part of that having regulation put in.  So we feel pretty good about that I think we're going to remain trading – so we're helping these companies not just take advantage of trading faster but trading smarter. That approach is definitely being successfully as we're seeing we're buffering ourselves so many downturn in any specific market instrument asset class or trading style. So we're in a good position there and the diversity of the client base is an advantage and quantitatively it's roughly 1% of our global revenue could be – as high frequency trading type on business. Very difficult to have full visibility of all the trading styles and we don't have any of them in our top 50 customer.  So it's very little impact to us at the end of day but we're working with all these companies to try to help them satisfy the requirements the regulations as they come down. 
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah, Mike Charles had said to your question about performance across verticals. Good consistent performance again both regionally and vertically. I think particular strength as we've noted in the script and associated with the cloud opportunity and continuing the scale. Enterprise as we had said in the past little longer sales cycle we're really seeing some significant lighthouse wins continuing to see those and beginning to ramp and implement those in ways that are delivering the benefit to customers which we now intend to kind of repackage in the case study to push back out through both our direct channel and our partner channel that we think will accelerate that opportunity.  Pretty good solid performance across the verticals and across the regions and again really strong performance from a global perspective. 
Keith D. Taylor: And Jon then on the linked in just to give you a perspective, so in Q2 is going to add roughly 70 bps to the churn. So absent linked-on our churn would be roughly 2.3%. At least that's our estimate for this quarter. And so on an average basis for the year it would take the average from 2.5% per quarter as I said to roughly 2.3% per quarter. From a revenue perspective…
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. So let me take the first part and David then I think Charles will step in and talk a bit about America that we can plan on accordingly. I think it's first it's important to know that when we strip or way all that sort of one else in the currency in Q1 we originally guided to roughly 2.1% at this point of guidance in Q1 2.1% growth rate coming at Q1 when you adjust for currency you adjust for sort of one of nature of you may have some custom fills order worked in the first quarter. We really adjust we grew by 2.6% , so when I think that and that includes the midpoint of that a Q2 guidance being 596 million.  When I adjust for currency I take out the impact of the Q1 custom sales orders recognize we’ll get some we still get some in Q2. We are going to go back to roughly by 2.7% that leads me than to grow we are going to go for the rest of the year and more to your point what’s your question. Clear there is a couple of things number one we increased our guidance and then reflect to three things. Number one our currency was working on a favorite for $2 million to $7 million as you know. Secondly we had not paid in our performance in Q1 and so we took that to the bank in addition we had a three incremental million dollars per quarter for the later three quarters of our guidance period year. They give you $50 million and then commit for guidance this quarter. I want to note though we said this is going to be greater than 2395.  And so when you draw the relationship to how we are going to perform this year versus last year we are deploying if you will the same strategy we think we can do better than that with the one point that I want to make. When you think about the latter half of the year the second half of the year guidance it is going to be impacted by the link insured in it is going to happen one tail school. We get -the entire Q2 quarter of LinkedIn revenue but we will lose that benefits starting at the beginning of Q3 and so you feel that impact very much like Asia Pacific did with the large content -- that last time Q1 of last year so they sort of separate through that one.  So my general pointing is that we feel good about 23 then 2395 I think it reflects an opportunity to continue see some upper growth in the back half of the year despite what I’ve just said. 
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, I'll start with the front part relative to the cloud opportunity, agreed there is a lot of energy in the market, I think that people are -- lot of enterprises looking to capture the benefits of the cloud and I think there are a lot of people chasing after that. But what is very clear is that hybrid cloud has emerged as the IT architecture of choice.  And I think specifically to your question as to how -- what we do is differentiated the reality is that in order to capture those benefits the geographical reach of our platform the network density of the platform, the cloud density that already exists inside our centers with the 1,200 plus cloud service providers and 450 plus pure play cloud providers represent a very unique value proposition in terms of being to access that cloud density, to be able to get to the right network providers across the globe that are needed to generate the global reach that these customers need, to reach their end users. So I think it's a very differentiated opportunity.  In terms of the go to market there is probably a ways we will go to market today, a strong focus on continuing to direct basis go after the light house accounts that we think are going to be the thought leaders in the industry and are really going to drive through incremental demand from others who are looking to follow their lead. So that's happening on a direct basis. And we do that both direct and from an outside and an inside perspective. So there is calling activity that we marry up with our field force for an inside outside type of approach which is pretty common in this type of go-to-market design.  And then we are beginning to ramp the channel and there are a lot of companies out there that have extensive reach into the enterprise and as we make these offers like network performance and cloud exchange more channel ready we will push those into those partners and there's simply no way that we are going to achieve the market penetration that we want in terms of reaching enterprises with 230 odd quota bearing heads across the globe and so ramping that channel up and putting the offers into the hands of partners is going to be credible.  So that is the first part now I will let Steve or Keith take over.
Charles J. Meyers: And Colby on the second part of your question. I was going to mention just dealing with the revenue aspect of LinkedIn, so as I said this is really going to affect us in Q3 not really much in Q2. So the impact of losing that piece of the business is roughly $4 million for the quarter and the Q3 quarter. Then on a range as it relates to sort of the cabinets think of it in the order of magnitude of sort of 500 to 600 cabinets but they were dense cabinets. And so when you look at it on a pricing basis it's relatively rich MRR for cabinet number over that 500 to 600 cabinets.  Now all those 500 to 600 cabinets I'd tell you that we've already ear marked replacement customers for all those cabinets, they have not billing yet, they have been identified and allotted the capacity but we've not yet provisioned or sold them out -- contraction. And again those are very high -- dense cabinets that we had deployed in LinkedIn. 
Charles J. Meyers: To be quite open typically when you see a deployment of that magnitude is very typical to see much density from a cross connect perspective. There is certainly going to be some cross connect but if the on the margin inches it's not going to move in any direction. 
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah this is Charles I’ll take the question relative to the North American business. What I would say is that essentially if you look at the metric in the three you mentioned specifically are on cash billing cross connect adds and yields of cabinets. I think you are seeing a confluence of events that impact the measures and it really doesn’t reflect I think the health in trajectory the business overall. We are pretty we are very comfortable it is continuing to grow yield continues to be at very attractive levels. Casual filing as you see if you look at the external metrics tracking to see it's we had the same kind of phenomena a year ago where we had a debt of about an almost identical and debt of about a 100 cabinets.  And as we’ve said that and have said a number of time it's really a matter of the timing of installs and timing of turn that really make that metric a bit more valuable. So it's not something that we believe is a cause for concern, there is probably some effect there associated with some strategic wins that we’ve had towards the end of last year and in Q1 that are probably on slightly longer ramps that affects our book to bill a bit but again we don’t see it as a fundamental degradation of the house and format in trajectory of the business.  I mean relative to cross connect adds also very much a series of kind of one-time events, some known grooming that occurred and then specifically as we mentioned us having to move out of the suite in the now Google owned 1-11/A, which is a very inner connection dense facility and required a lot of migrations of customers to different suites, a process that is ongoing but if you take out those one-time events we are actually above the fourth quarter trend on cross connects for the Americas and again feel very good about that.  And you add to that our court volume which has accelerated extremely well over the last couple of quarters and we feel like there is a strength to the business there particularly on the interconnection side continues to be very good. Bookings were solid for the regional bookings and extremely strong for the exports. So again we are seeing good overall production from the team and we expect the Americas business to continue to be competitive and perform well. 
Charles J. Meyers: Greg, I'd add one point to that, obviously I can't share with you our top customer activity but if you just look inside our top 10 customers half of those customers today are almost pure cloud type workload deployments and it's just -- and it's going to get bigger and bigger. So if you worry about EPS and how big can these deployments get about names of customers some of this -- from our biggest customers is almost peer related work load. So it is really shifting. 
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah -- I think we saw as I said earlier our bookings performance was pretty consistent. So it wasn't like we had pockets of weakness in particular really saw good pocket of strengthens we did see a continuation of the trend in terms of strength on the cloud side and we saw solid performance across the regions as Steve indicated. And again without giving detail we don't normally give we would just simply say that we delivered against our internal targets and felt very good about the bookings quarter overall.  And from an MRR perspective yeah we absolutely are seeing an interesting trend which is we've become we've tried to focus very much and saying look how can we meet the install requirements in some of the other custom -- requirements of our customers. As a way not only to capture that revenue but as a way to be a more holistic trusted advisor to those customers. And so we see it very much as win-win it is incremental revenue process but a less attractive margin than our normal MRR but nonetheless very strong from a contribution perspective and something that continues -- some improve our account position with the customers overall. So as we said it seems to be going very, very well and we see that continuing throughout calendar year. 
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah and like to hit on two other portions of your question. One I don’t there will be dozens I think there will be a 100’s cloud service providers in fact there are already as we said we have 450 plus service providers in our environment today. And the number of them they will in the evolution of our technology platform which you get we will share further in June is that we are going to have we are going to integrate them in a way that is going to allow access to all of those post to be after participate in the exchange. And if you look at even us as a relatively modest size air price we already today access over 40 cloud service providers and use them as part of our overall IT infrastructure be our own hybrid cloud.  And so we have talked to customers' larger enterprise customers global multinationals to literally count the number of product service providers they are already using in the 100s. So we think it's well beyond that and will be a multi 100s of providers that are involved and even a much larger number of participants. And then the other thing that you mentioned briefly but I talked about that with at some link in the last call entering some of the reasons as why we feel very comfortable with our position there.  And I guess what I would say is we continue to feel like we are highly differentiated. And if you look at the results in terms of the port volumes that we are driving through the pipeline I think the results are really big for them in terms of the competitiveness of that platform.
Charles J. Meyers: And on the second question particularly in Germany. We have a whole new team we're very stabilized in that market now we have new leadership country management level sales operations and in the finance part of the organization. So jobs – on that front I think this leadership team here has high expectations that, that business will get back on track record that what we've experienced in past years. So we're very stabilized there, very impressed with the new leadership team and it's heading in the right direction and had a very good quarter.  And then you asked about Shanghai we did put a new leader in Shanghai and he is just getting started but high hopes and – the executive growth in that market we're starting to see in the MNC activity pickup and we're actually starting to find some business in the local market there which was unexpected. So I think we have also high expectations that we will continue to scale that business. 
Charles J. Meyers: Little more color on the timing of BATS. Well, all I'd say I give you more information then – will comfortable with the areas they are consolidation their infrastructure and they have noted that publicly. And as a result I think we're going to see sort of series of opportunities for momentum where we can continue to consolidate our parties into our ecosystem. And so we're seeing that now in sort of the first wave very have had some great wins already, the funnel is building nicely. And again it's one of the factors contributing to our confidence about the remainder of the year and our to the adjustment of our guidance. 
