Charles Meyers: Thanks Keith. In closing, 2019 was a great year for Equinix. We took significant strides and continue to execute effectively on the ambitious agenda we outlined to you at our Analyst Day in 2018, positioning the business to effectively scale and capture the enormous opportunity ahead. We dramatically scaled our go-to-market machine to capture the rapidly growing enterprise opportunity, we embarked on a broad change agenda to drive consistent global execution, we added significant talent to respond to the technology shift shaping our industry, including two outstanding additions to our Board in Sandra Rivera from Intel and Adaire Fox-Martin from SAP. And as we undertook these changes, we communicated tirelessly and engaged our teams around the globe to be a part of rearchitecting our collective future together, achieving record levels of employee engagement, market leading organizational health scores and being recognized as a global leader and sustainability. We aggressively worked the balance sheet side of the business raising more than $4.5 billion in debt and equity, and achieved an investment grade credit status. We delivered on our commitment to form a hyperscale JV, joining forces with a world-class partner to advance our cloud aspirations, while avoiding undue strain on our balance sheet. And the market is taking notice, as we were recently recognized by IDC MarketScape, as the top leader in their inaugural worldwide colocation and interconnection vendor assessment. In 2020, we'll continue our focus on evolving Platform Equinix, adding new capabilities and service offerings to better meet the digital transformation needs of our customers. We'll continue to scale our global multi-channel sales engine to support growing bookings and will focus on providing a more seamless and globally consistent digital experience for our customers to improve the adoption and consumption of Platform Equinix. I am as excited as ever about the future of Equinix, an honored to work with our dedicated teams around the world in service for our customers, to our communities and to our shareholders. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure, Jon, I'll take the first one and maybe - first couple and maybe you can comment on book-to-bill. In terms of win rates in sales cycles, I wouldn't say any meaningful change. I do think, maybe, we're getting a bit better I think that our targeting of the enterprise in the enterprise space in particular continues to improve. I think, we're probably seeing perhaps some shortening of sales cycles, but there is still - I think we're still fairly early in terms of customers thinking through their long-term, hybrid multi-cloud architectures. And so, oftentimes, they are - they do continue to be longer sales cycles. Once landed, I definitely think we're seeing a shortening in terms of their ability to expand their wallet share or us expand wallet share with the customers. And then win rates, I think are probably pretty stable if anything I think going up, we are - we're again we're doing a really nice job I think of targeting. I think our value proposition continues to resonate with customers. And overall, we've been very pleased with the performance of the go-to-market engine.
Charles Meyers: No, I would say it's pretty, pretty linear sort of extrapolation of what we saw last year. I think some of the pressure for example on stabilized asset growth is coming from the fact that there is some level of cloud substitution, that's something I've talked about before, but it's really a matter of - I think people kind of really figuring out what their workload sort of distribution is going to be between private and public infrastructure and making those adjustments. But as we said, we've been able to comfortably kind of live within the 2% to 2.5% range and we continue to feel comfortable with that going forward.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I'll let Keith take the latter. But the - in terms of timing, we've learned not to draw too brighter line, because the complexities associated with sort of getting these things closed out from a tax and treasury and REITs standpoint and various other factors and always seems to be more than we think. But I would say that, I think we're making really good progress Jim and Eric and the whole xScale team along with a lot of an army of people on our tax and treasury teams and various other elements within the organization are working hard on getting those things going. I think you're going to see good momentum during the course of 2020 for us on the xScale side.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I mean I think it's just, if you look at multi-year view on the business, we probably - I think right now, we have a better multi sort of longer term view of the customer opportunity in the funnel than we've ever had. And so, I think that if you look at fill rates and the trajectory on our fill rates, if you look at sort of any I think underlying industry drivers in terms of the pace of adoption of cloud, you look at what's happening in terms of overall data volumes, you look at the impact and influence, sort of things like AI and an IoT, I mean, I think you start to see the front edge potentially of 5G increasing sort of both traffic and overall, sort of data volumes. And so, I continue to think that the secular forces driving the overall demand for infrastructure are strong. We're hearing that from our customers and we're hearing them be very responsive to our sort of long-term vision for the platform and that includes the expansion of capabilities and services as well as our plans for geographic expansion over time. So, the combination of all of those things continue. Obviously '21 is a bit far out, but we feel very good about the projects that we have underway right now and the fill rates that we're going to - that are supporting those investment decisions and I'm super optimistic that '21 will be just as exciting.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I do think we have that one of the factors, certainly Verizon has been one of the factors that has been delaying, I think the grow or sort of a bit of a growth headwind to the region. Now, that's been a net economic benefit to the company. So we're not complaining about it. But it has been a bit of a churn because that - there's a bit of a headwind as that churn continues to drive through. But again, we feel - we feel like we're going to be able to see a return to growth as Keith indicated in the script. I think that we feel like as we move towards the end of the year, we're going to be looking at a greater than 5%. And I think the strength of the go-to-market engine in the Americas selling across the world continues to be substantial. And so, so I think that, I do think the Americas business, we feel a level of optimism there that we're going to sort of get through some of the remainder of the churn tail on Verizon and really see that business pick up a bit in growth.
Charles Meyers: Yes. One last comment I'd make Erik is that we noted in the script, the continued globalization of the selling engine is a really important thing, is something Karl and Mike and team have really focused on in terms of making sure that we're as I always used to say, we're making sure that every rep selling, every data center every day, right, and that they're out there positioning the full global platform. We saw EMEA have a - for the first time sell more out outbound than they got inbound. And that's a really positive step for us. It really shows the strength. And those are the things that when you have the global platform and companies, large companies perhaps, they're headquartered elsewhere sort of - would that - that are driving demand into all our regions, including the Americas. I think that's going to be a contributor to growth.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mentioned a number of them, I think. I think the - I guess, I would put a sort of an overall umbrella frame or overall frame around it in the context of digital transformation. Digital transformation is an absolute priority at a board and senior executive team level in virtually every company that we are talking to and targeting. And so it matters a lot to them. They're thinking hard about how to drive digital transformation in their business and how to deploy infrastructure to support that. And so I think, one, that focus on digital transformation aim - and that's happening because of these various trends. People, for example, seeing AI is central to their ability to create competitive advantage and they're using - they're viewing data as central to their ability to create competitive advantage. And they're just - they're investing behind a lot of these trends and they're needing to deploy infrastructure globally to have their infrastructure work and their applications to operate as they're designed. And so I think though - that's sort of the secular backdrop, and then you bounce against that sort of the Equinix position, which was, we have this unique position I think in terms of being able to really promote and accelerate the hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture of choice. There are many customers are, in fact, using us as an avenue to access the cloud, to move workloads between cloud resources and then to place their private infrastructure, even if that private infrastructure maybe getting smaller than it used to once be when it was living inside their enterprise data centers, they're taking what remains as private infrastructure and they want to place it in direct proximity to the cloud, and that's really what I think Equinix does better than anybody else in the world. And so I think those are - there is a variety of both secular trends as well as sort of our own market position that combined to give you a sense of optimism for the road ahead, which is exactly why we're continue to invest behind the platform, invest behind the go-to-market engine and excited about what lies ahead.
Charles Meyers: Maybe, Ari, this is Charles. Maybe I'll jump in and just give you the broader context for I think our decision in terms of how we're guiding in the margin, then Keith can add any color there. But if you look at 2020, it's pretty similar to what happened in '19. In both years we showed significant operating leverage, but we saw some specific items that impacted our ability to drop that through to the bottom line. In '19, it was projections on utility costs combined with some pretty significant expansion drag that last year that led us to guide to a roughly flat margin line. As you know, we ended up delivering expansion in 2019, finishing at about 48.5%, because utility trend was frankly a bit better than we projected. But we are seeing those utility increases materialize, not just in EMEA, but in some of our other markets as well. And those combined with the property tax increases compared to '19, those things together consume most of the operating leverage. So we are kind of left in the position of either offering out some modest margin growth and not investing in the business or funding the key investments and guiding to a flatter margin and we did that - and that's obviously we chose in the latter. We feel like it's our job to maximize long-term value creation and we're confident that bringing up the dollars to invest in the platform evolution, growing the go-to-market engine, driving our own digital transformation are all things that are going to help us sustain AFFO per share growth, and frankly, that's our lighthouse metric and we feel like it would be irresponsible not to invest behind the momentum that we have right now.
Charles Meyers: No, I wouldn't call a shift, I'd call it an augment. It's a - look, we're going to continue to view geographic expansion of the platform as a strategic priority for us and where that can be done in a value creating way via M&A, then we certainly will - will think about doing that. So we've talked about the fact that we still have additional - additions to our platform from geography - geographic coverage standpoint that we'd like to make, and I think M&A will be a vehicle for us in that regard. Having said that, I also, I do think that's an augment you saw Packet as really the first of a really a capabilities type of acquisition. We're super excited about what they bring to the table. What that is going to allow for us in terms of bringing an enterprise-grade bare metal offering to the table that is really going to be responsive to customer needs and will help animate our core value proposition in really compelling ways, in ways that our customers are asking for. And as for to whether or not we might see other things that look like that, that are more capabilities oriented, I would certainly say that's a possibility for us. We're going to continue to build by our partner as we need to execute it on the strategy and to make sure that we can capture the opportunity in front of us.
Charles Meyers: Yes. We see it growing throughout the year as we're trying to say. So I think it's more second half than the first half.
Charles Meyers: Well, since that time, Colby, and we had sort of you had put more perhaps uncertainty around the exact timing, I think our posture over the past year and a half or so has really been that we believe the 50% it's achievable, but that we're not willing to trade off sort of long-term value creation for achievement of a near-term margin objective. And so I think that we still believe it is achievable. I think our primary focus as a team is going to continue to be a long-term value creation, and by the way, that does not mean we have in any way shape or form lost focus on driving operating leverage. It's a key priority for us to allow us to invest in the business and still deliver the financial results we need, but right now I wouldn't want to put a particular timeline on the 50%.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I mean, I think there's a couple of things. One, there is always some level of volatility in it, I mean, that's why we've always encouraged people to look at the rolling four quarter. Having said that, even when you look at our rolling four quarter. I think you're seeing some downward pressure, and I think that is primarily a factor of couple of things. One, it's really a factor of execution. It's a reflection of execution of the strategy, frankly. And by going to the xScale product, that is going to take some really lumpy things out of the mix. If you look at the non-financial metrics sheet and you look at Asia, which was I think Q1 of last year, it was like if memory serves 5,700 cabs or something crazy. And a lot of that was stuff that we would be pushing off into xScale. And so I think that - I think the mix of business is going to shift probably to put a little downward pressure on cabinet adds. I think by the way we have sized our capacity investments and all of our new builds to reflect that strategy. So we didn't overbuild and then go - while we didn't - and now we got too much. That was always our plan and so, so I think you're going to see a little bit of a movement in utilization as new capacity comes online, but I think the - if you take the last few quarters, you're probably - and average them, you're probably seeing a reasonable reflection of what we're going to do from a cabinet adds perspective. And again you'll always see a little bit, of lumpiness in that, but I do think there is a little bit of downward pressure, but I think that should not be viewed as a negative. It should be viewed as a really a reflection of the strength of the core strategy and how we're delivering against it.
Charles Meyers: The grooming, I would say that we're, again, particularly as it relates - the biggest interconnection grooming tends to come either in the form of 10 to 100 migration for really large interconnection consumers. And as I've said, I think that the really big ones have already come through the process and particularly in the U.S. and when I say the U.S., they are really U.S. based companies, but they have really sort of largely embarked on their global grooming already. So I think we're - I'd use the words that we were going to probably see it tapering through 2020. I think that's still the case. We saw fourth quarter was - we did not see what we thought we might see, which was something that happened in fourth quarter of last year of '18, which was - we felt like the network moratoriums really kept people from - we saw really a Q3 and Q4 that was roughly, kind of linear or roughly flat. But bottom line, I think that we'll see some tapering of that, I think that - a lot of our customers are very advanced and then the other major form of grooming you see is when carrier consolidation occurs. And we see, we've seen some of that over time, but I wouldn't say that we're seeing any sort of acute levels of that. So I think that on balance over the course of 2020 that's something that we'll see improve. And I think we're going to see - we've kind of guided to the 7,000 to 9,000 on interconnections, that typically is made up of sort of 5,000 to 7,000 on physical cross connects and then call it in the couple of thousand range on virtual. I think we're going to see virtual continue to climb, although there is a bit of a mix there in terms of how people - what speeds they're buying at and those kind of things. But overall, I think it will taper off and we'll see a really - I think we'll see a strong interconnection year. I mean this last quarter was a really strong interconnection quarter, we're really, really pleased with the performance of the business. And then, your second question as to sort of the mix of demand from sort of first tier interconnection rich campuses and locations versus others. I do think that there is - one of the things that has really helped us, Mike, is that we extended the ECX Fabric and interconnected all of our facilities. And so now people still have the ability to on-ramp to the broader ecosystem from any of our facilities and there are people - our teams have really been able to work that into the selling. And so let's face it, the - it's the Ashburns and Silicon Valleys and Frankfurts and Londons and Amsterdams that continue to drive big investment and really big growth, but some of these - some of the second markets or even the second - more of the second tier facilities within primary markets, I think that the Fabric has been a help for us in terms of making sure that we're monetizing those effectively.
Charles Meyers: Yes, well, we had talked in and as we've sort of laid out our platform - our evolving platform strategy in the past, we've talked about this edge services layer, and we talked about Network Edge, Compute Edge, Edge Data, Edge Security, etc. We think there is opportunities for us in all of those and it will be a mix of things that we will deliver ourselves, which we did with Network Edge and which we did - which we now are facilitating via the Packet acquisition with some level of Edge Compute. But we also think there will be perhaps even more of those that are Edge based services that represent combinations of our value with third party value and partner value. And so, which gets me to sort of the second part of your question, which is - are we kind of our - we have - we typically have had a position, where we are a bit of a neutral player. And I think that serves us well and we've always been about choice and optionality and making sure customers can select from the providers that they want. And I don't think that from a philosophy standpoint changes a bit for us. And so we're going to continue to embrace that, we're going to continue to invite partners in to deliver value. In some cases if customers are pressing us to deliver services that they want to see from us, then we're going to seriously consider that. If we think those are areas where we have the capability to play, the permission to play and that they'll deliver - very kinds of returns. And so it's going to be an evolution of our strategy, but I think that we're going to continue to be about building ecosystems, where people can bring value, combining with what we do and solve customer problems. So I'd encourage you to come to Analyst Day, which I'm sure we'll see you there in June and I think we'll probably have a little bit more meat on that bone that we can share with you.
Charles Meyers: And then on the build-out. Yes, I get the gist to that question, obviously, some of those are a little bit more protracted in terms of their delivery time frames. Some of that is just markets where for a variety of reasons, it's more difficult to get things done from a permitting perspective, from a power perspective, it's oftentimes power that is the - and the availability of power that dictate the timeline on these things, but generally, we are building phased projects, so we have a level of confidence in terms of not putting too much capacity into the market in the get-go, unless those are xScale that are fully pre-sold in which case, obviously, if those are pre-sold, we want to get them built out as quickly as possible. I would say that from a construction standpoint, it's a robust market. And so there are, I do think part of it is just macro forces, which is the demand for labor for example in these markets is high. And so that is an area where I actually think we end up being differentiated, because we kind of often can get to the front of the line, because we have a history of having done 4 or 5 or 8 or 10 projects with somebody. And when we say, we need your best teams, we often get them. And so - but there are some protracted timelines, and it's something that I think Ralph and our construction teams globally are continuing to work on. There are also some times where there is specific circumstances. Whether they'll be for example Olympics, that is often something that sort of changes the circumstances of a particular build, but I wouldn't say right now it's anything in terms of extending project timelines due to supply chain challenges or anything like that, but there are some that are further definitely further out there in time.
Charles Meyers: Well, you are right, we do have experience in this area, but I would say the dynamics of those and also potentially the market power of the players involved are different. And I think if you look at public information in terms of what some of these services have done, they have been exceptionally successful in terms of subscriber acquisition. So I'm not sure, I would apply any prior experience necessarily to these things, but they're very thoughtful organizations. We work very closely with them in terms of capacity planning and we're excited about what they - what we think those could imply in terms of continued sort of tailwinds really for the interconnection business.
Charles Meyers: Again in 2019, we really, we sort of front run the process as far as raising equity sooner in the year than we originally anticipated. And then as you know in the back end of the year, we raised a little bit more debt than we needed to, want to refinance the debt that we are taking out, but to put some cash on the balance sheet, which was really a precursor to funding for 2020. And so we're in a - obviously a very good position from a cash and liquidity perspective and we're going to take this posture is always about creating long-term shareholder value and - but what we also believe it is a combination of debt and equity that's got us to where we need to be. Obviously at - pardon me, debt is the cheapest form of capital today and we're going to continue to look at the markets on that basis. There is nothing, nothing imminent. And as you also know we have an ATM program that still has capacity on it $300 million, of the current ATM programs still has our availability. And so if we were to draw on capital for any purpose, it'll be a combination of both and we're going to be very strategic about those decisions as we have in the past.
Charles Meyers: The great answer to it I think, is that it's actually the Equinix value proposition. If you look at it, Packet is really a reflection of shifts in how people want to consume our value proposition. Our core value proposition is - continues to be what it has been, superior global reach, advantage to access the scale, digital ecosystems to drive cost and performance, the most comprehensive interconnection portfolio and the business and an unparalleled track record of service excellence. And we have for 20 years, been animating that value proposition with Colo but what Packet allows is for us to essentially, animate that same - those same value propositions via a different consumption vehicle for our customers. And so the durable advantage still relies - still resides very much in what core platform Equinix delivers and the bare metal service obviously, we're going to need to deliver a - from a usability perspective and from a API integration perspective and the efforts and capabilities that Packet has to for automation and integration with the software ecosystem with the likes of VMware, et cetera, those are all things we're going to leverage to make sure that that's a really competitive bare metal offer, but it's the powerful part about this is its unlocking and extending and increasing the addressable market for the core Equinix value proposition.
Keith Taylor: Jon I just want to mention of the book-to-bill. There is no meaningful change in our book-to-bill, in fact, as Charles said, once we land them, we tend to move very fast to install the customer. But what I would tell you is no surprise when you look at our - this quarter relative to - Q4 relative to the Q1. The timing of different events causes us to report our revenue slightly differently. So the timing of, when you booked something versus when you might churn. And so, as an organization, I think we're seeing exactly - as is happening exactly as we planned. But there is no meaningful shift in what I call the book-to-bill interval in the business.
Keith Taylor: And then, just as it relates to the impact on the quarter on an xScale, the largest impact that you really saw was the amount of cash that came into the business. As you recall from the Q3 earnings call, we had $355 million of cash come onto our balance sheet and there is roughly €60 million of what we refer to as milestone payments. They would come over the next sort of 12 to 24 months in the business. As it relates to the operating performance, we're just really getting started, and this is going to be I think an appropriate and really good discussion at the June Analyst Day, just giving everybody an update on how we are performing. But it's - it's as good, if not better than we anticipated and the momentum that Jim and his team see in a marketplace is substantial. So from our perspective, there is no surprises and nothing meaningful running through the fourth quarter results.
Keith Taylor: And Phil, if I can just add to what Charles said. The beauty of our plan too is we've got 32 projects underway across 23 different markets. So it's the diversity of our investment and they're coming in different shapes and sizes based on the demand profile of a given market. So we feel we have that visibility. It is a little bit far out as Charles referred to. But given the strength of our pipeline, the momentum that we saw in 2019 coming into 2020 and the depth of our pipeline and the opportunity set, that's what gives us the confidence to continue to build, particularly in some of the markets where we're one of the few that is building.
Keith Taylor: And Erik, we've always said this certainly in the investor conferences, that Charles and I and others go to. We always can grow the business faster if we want, but it's - it's what we do as the pricing discipline. And Charles referred to going after the right customer, right application, the right IBX and being disciplined and going after those interconnection rich opportunities that really cause us to feel very comfortable on what our guide is, and recognizing - yes, we can certainly can go do a lot of very substantial hyperscale deals in the Americas. But we think that would be value destructive for our business. And so, we focus that opportunity in our hyperscale initiative with our JV partner in other parts of the world where we can get an appropriate churn alongside our partners. But I think it's the discipline that we bring to the Americas region, it gives us the confidence that we don't have to go stretch ourselves here. We're - it's a very good and very successful business and we want to keep on doing what we're doing.
Keith Taylor: Ari, one of the things I'd just add on maybe just making one other comment just about the EBITDA margins, because one of the things as we do recognize that there are these higher costs that are going through the financials. But if you look at it on a quarterly basis, Q1 theoretically will be our lowest guide and then as each quarter goes by through the year, you would see an improving EBITDA margin. And so it gives you a sense that with the operating leverage in the business that we're realizing plus recognizing these costs, but the momentum that we foresee will cause our margins to continue to go up. So when we enter 2021, obviously we're in a - we'd be in a better position than we are coming out of Q1.
Keith Taylor: Sure. Hey, Simon, so let me take the first part and then we'll push it to Charles, for the second part. First on leverage, right now we're 3.7 times levered. But clearly that's well within our guided range and historically we said 3 to 4. But after we got our credit rating upgrade, we always felt that we probably play at the higher end of that range, but truthfully when you just look at the operating leverage in the business, as you look forward over a number of years, all else being equal, you're going to be in a deleveraging scenario or said differently, it's going to give you the flexibility to choose how you deploy that capital and keep leverage at an appropriate level. So we feel very, very confident that we're appropriately levered, we think to adjust the growth of the business that we will - we would otherwise delever again, all else being equal. And we know that we can then borrow money, we can borrow money today and all likelihood tomorrow at a much lower cost than we are incurring today, and that's what gives us - again, we're trying to be very clear with our AFFO per share that the interest burden that we're bearing today, relative to what we'll bear tomorrow, is more substantial. And you just can do the math on the $3 billion worth of euro debt or the $2 billion of high-yield debt is yet to be refinanced, there's substantial savings that can be realized from just refinancing those today at current rates versus where the rates may eventually go is substantial to the AFFO per share. As it relates to buying some of our real estate, we're always looking at it, but - it's a buy versus lease decision and it's really about economic control of the asset, but absolutely to the extent there is something out there that makes sense, we'll be active. Particularly, when we look at the lease costs of our - the lease cost that we're bearing in the contract with our landlord. And so that's just, let me just assure you that's something that we'll continue to look at, we have a very strong real estate organization inside our company and we remain active at looking at our properties.
