Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. Now if we turn to Slide 14, I'd like to provide an update on 2012 and initial 2013 guidance. For the full year of 2012, we expect total revenues to range between $1.890 billion and $1.895 billion. This reflects a $36 million decrease in revenues due to the 16 U.S. IBXs held for sale, reported separately as discontinued operations, and includes a $10 million foreign currency benefit when compared to our prior FX guidance rates, but also absorbs $28 million of currency headwinds from our initial 2012 guidance. Our refined 2012 revenue guidance incorporates the impact of a larger-than-expected bookings backlog and the revenue headwinds attributed to our MRR churn. Total year cash gross margins are expected to range between 68% and 69%, which reflects the cost related to the IBX openings in the second half of 2012. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to range between $410 million and $415 million. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to range between $880 million and $885 million as we continue to manage our discretionary and incremental spending programs. This reflects an $18 million decrease in adjusted EBITDA through the 16 IBXs held for sale and includes a $4.5 million foreign currency benefit, when compared to our prior FX guidance range. We're refining our total CapEx guidance for 2012 to range between $770 million and $790 million, which includes approximately $145 million of ongoing capital expenditures. Shifting to 2013, we want to provide you with a directional view of our financial expectations. This takes into consideration the broader economic environment while using the FX exchange rates provided by Keith. We expect 2013 revenues to be greater than $2.2 billion, an anticipated 16% increase over the midpoint of current year guidance, which effectively gives a revenue floor for 2013 at current exchange rates. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be greater than $1.010 billion, which includes $20 million in REIT-conversion costs as Keith outlined, effectively an adjusted EBITDA margin of 47% before REIT costs. We expect our 2013 capital expenditures to range between $550 million and $650 million, including about $165 million of ongoing capital expenditures. Our expansion capital expenditures include approximately $115 million for expansion projects already announced in 2012. Given these guidance expectations, we believe that our growing adjusted discretionary free cash flow should be sufficient to fund our growth capital expenditures and generate approximately $175 million of adjusted free cash flow, excluding REIT-related cash costs and tax liabilities. This is a significant inflection point for the company of generating a meaningful level of adjusted free cash flow, while funding our growth, as a result of the scale of the business and disciplined execution. So in closing, as we approach the end of 2012, we are very pleased by yet another year of strong growth and business performance resulting from our focused strategy of global reach and ecosystems of high-value customers. Our disciplined execution of striking a balance between revenue growth, margin expansion and our targeted returns on our invested capital is driving us to make good long-term decisions for the business. With barely a visibility into 2013, we continue to see strong opportunity to build on our differentiated customer proposition and remain in a growth path towards our target of $3 billion in revenue for 2015. At this time, I'd like to open it up for questions. So I'll turn it back over to you, Jerry.
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. I'll start, Jonathan. This is Stephen. And we'll walk around that one. Because I think those are all good questions. But I guess the highest level, the way we think about it from a supply demand standpoint is that we operate on a different supply curve than the wholesale providers do. And so, if you -- let's just take our market as Charles has talked about, the Secaucus, the New York metro market, for example. So in our New York core asset, we're 90% plus built in that asset, which obviously triggered our decision for, just in time, New York 5 facility to come onboard. So the pipeline in New York 5, the fill rates are very strong, as you heard us voiced over in the script. So that's the market where you're probably hearing from the wholesale players that there's saturation in that market from a wholesale standpoint, not affecting us in terms of the ecosystem interconnected, electronic trading focus that we have in that market. So 2 different supply curves when you think about a market. And that obviously helps us, where we're focused on our type of customer deployment. I don't know if you would add there, Charles.
Stephen M. Smith: And Mike, this is Steve. On the interconnection question in Europe, one of the primary factors on the acquisition of ancotel was that that asset sat in one of the busiest nodes in Frankfurt and actually has the DE-CIX, which is probably the busiest DE-CIX node in Europe. But as we've mentioned several times, we picked up a couple of hundred new networks worldwide from about 63 or 64 countries, many of them to Eastern and Central European network players, over 6,000 physical cross-connects, as well as a -- basically a virtual Meet Me Room product that we're still understanding how we're going to leverage possibly elsewhere in the world but works very effectively in that part of the world. So that has definitely helped the interconnection focus in Europe and that was a prime driver for that acquisition. As I mentioned today, it took us from 4% of revenue to 7% of revenue for interconnection. That team had very healthy quarter on cross-connects with over 1,000. So we're -- yes, we are very focused on making that more interconnection dense in Europe. Eric is driving that business. Eric Schwartz is focused on doing that. So that -- and half of ancotel's business comes from cross-connects. Half the revenue is associated with cross-connect. So it's a very cross-connect dense product -- company. And it's now tethered into the Frankfurt campus. So we'll leverage in that as we grow the business.
Stephen M. Smith: A couple of questions there, Frank. Let me start off and maybe Keith and Charles can chime in here. Let me give you a color in the quarter where the bookings fell. And I'll just give you a worldwide numbers just to give you context. Our largest vertical in the quarter, as I mentioned in my script, 25% of our bookings were in network and 25% of our bookings fell into the financial services. So we had very, very strong growth in those 2 verticals. That was followed by -- 22% of our bookings fell into the cloud and IT, which is the third one that's really been high growth for us. 18% was in the content digital media companies and then 9% were in our enterprise, which is pretty consistent with where our revenue -- our monthly recurring revenue is by vertical. Pretty consistent in the network. We were up a little bit in the financial. Enterprise is 9% of revenue, and it was 9% of bookings this quarter. Content digital media pretty flat, cloud pretty flat. So we tend to fall into those 5 industry verticals in that form, pretty much every quarter. So I guess the takeaway there is network, financial and cloud continue to drive our bookings and obviously, feed our monthly recurring revenue numbers. Second part of your question, I don't...
Stephen M. Smith: Yes. Utilization has shifted a little bit this quarter, obviously, as you heard Keith talked about the amount of capacity that we've brought on this quarter. But utilization now is roughly 80% in the Americas. And it dropped down to 68% in Europe because of all the capacity we brought on in Paris and Frankfurt and London and Amsterdam. And we're around 71% in Asia. But worldwide, we're about 74% utilized. That's the current figures on build capacity.
Stephen M. Smith: Well, it will obviously go up. You can see our CapEx guidance is down, and we've got capacity in critical markets and goals to increase bookings every -- year-on-year. So our expectation that we'll continue to raise the utilization levels to historical levels.
Keith D. Taylor: Chris, that's a great question. So what I'll do is I'll tag team this one with Charles. And so let me deal with the first question. Clearly, as we -- in this quarter, when you think about the amount of fuel that we're consuming, it's going to be much larger than we originally anticipated from our planning perspective, but that's contemplated within our guidance. Offsetting that, of course, is utility part. We won't be paying for the utility part while we're on generator. So from that perspective, it's probably going to be somewhat awash. Clearly, to the extent that we're running on full generation for a period of time, there are going to be some wearable components that we will have to replace. So we expect that we would have an increase in our R&M this quarter. That's sort of contemplated already in our guidance. So at the highest level, I feel comfortable that the guidance that we have in front of you today, absent something sort of catastrophic, we've fully contemplated the costs associated with any increases due to the storm.
Keith D. Taylor: And Jonathan, what I would say is, generally speaking, when we think about leasing facilities, part of it is based on, as Charles said, where we want to extend our footprints. We're really sort of still a little down. It really is just another form of financing to us. So we have to look at sort of the implied cost of borrowing under a leasing scenario versus basically a do-it-yourself scenario. And we just take that into consideration. And as you know, our ability to borrow debt today, if we so choose, is at a relatively low rate, and certainly if the tax effect is even more. And so from that perspective, we take that into consideration. But it's exactly what Charles said, to the extent that we have the opportunity to own some of our assets, we'll -- and then makes sense for us, we'll certainly do that. To the extent that it's generally a multi-tenanted facility, that's not something, of course, that we're going to own. It's going to be owned typically by real estate concern [ph].
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. There's really not because -- the challenge that we have here, Jonathan, is when we talk about recapture -- what we're really talking about is tax recapture, which is very different than book. And so the recapture is effectively recapturing -- if you will, the IRS recapturing basically the depreciation that we took as a C-Corp and there -- and we re-characterize it as basically real estate -- that was real estate oriented, it could be amortized for tax purposes up to 40 years. And so effectively, that recapture through 2011, any adjustment to our taxable income for 2012, is really all about tax. It has nothing really to do with book. So -- but as a general comment, when we think about the economic life of our assets, I still maintain it's roughly 20 years or greater. And we've always had somewhere between 20 and 30 years as the economic life of many of our assets. And as long as we have strong maintenance or preventive and predictive maintenance programs, which we do, we should enjoy the full economic life of that asset. And so I think we're -- I think what we're going to get then is a little bit of a mix match between what the tax authorities look at versus what the U.S. GAAP sort of reporting is for our depreciation. And I think that was the -- that's the issue here.
Keith D. Taylor: Great questions, Dave, and I think we'll probably tag team this a little bit. But let me start just with -- let me start with 2012, sort of our -- where we're going to guide for the rest of the year and how that translates into the 2013. But I also sort of have to take you back to sort of 2011, just so you can get a sense of how we performed and how we're applying that offering guidance here. Though at the highest level, and as you're aware last year, when we came out with our guidance roughly at this time, we were -- we guided to -- that we do roughly 1.87 from a revenue perspective. If you actually take -- if you pro forma everything, and there's a couple numbers that I think you have, but I just want to make sure that we knock this one down, that if you actually pro forma that -- your loss in asset of $36 million in revenue, between Asia Tone and ancotel, you're going to have roughly $34 million of revenue pickup this year. And if you look at the FX impact, from when we originally offered guidance to where we are today, there's a $28 million headwind. On an adjusted basis, you get to roughly a 19 23 number. Now the guidance that we offered at midpoint is 18 93. Again, that reflects the Apple transaction and the like. So said differently, when you think about where we offered guidance last year versus where we'll all be coming in, we had a lot of confidence that it was going to be a greater than and no different as I look into next year, being 2013, we're offering you a floor of $2.2 billion. And so unless you look at it from a number of different perspectives, I looked at Q4 exit rate this year and I look at Q4 exit rate last year, I annualize, and then I look at the certain net impact based on the numbers that we're actually showing greater acceleration this year than we did last year, number one. And that being a key takeaway. But number two, just off the pure floor, the base. We thought -- we grew, again, on an adjusted basis 2012 over 2011, we're growing at roughly $316 million of that pro forma number. Out of the gate, we're offering you a $307 million uplift. And so from my perspective, we looked at all of this. We then took that into consideration. We talked more a bit about the headwinds related to churn, the delay in the backlog. We felt that this was a good first-choice entree into the market at this point, given the macroeconomic environment. It's a 16% growth over a midpoint of guidance for 2012. And we think that was a good sort of first step in delivering guidance for 2013. And again, no different than we've done in the -- over the last couple of years. We're going to continue to update you on a quarter-over-quarter basis, as we get more clarity on how the year is going to perform. But certainly, we're all sitting here. We think it's a robust guidance. There's very few that are out there delivering 5 quarter ahead guidance. And our point of view is that this is a good guidance to come out of the gate after the Q3 call. A lot of the numbers.
Keith D. Taylor: Great question, Simon. I think first and foremost, you're absolutely right when you think about amount of capacity that were brought on in Q3. And we'll bring on some more capacity in Q4. And we'll continue to manage that inventory, as we said, on a just-in-time basis. And we've got -- as Charles said, we have a very good focus today on -- and managing not only the physical space but also the infrastructure throughout the portfolio. That all said, as you're aware, there's some markets that, for all intents and purposes, were sold out [ph] when we haven't announced anything. An example of that could be like at Toronto; we're eager to get into the Toronto market. You know that we're eager to get into other markets that we've talked about around the globe. And then there's other assets at or near capacity where we're already starting to think about the next expansion phase or the next build. And so -- but with all of that, I think, as we go through each quarter, we'll give you clarity on how we're go to spend the money. But I don't think it's going to be a surprise to you that there's going to be markets that we really haven't announced any sizable bill as of late. And because of that, we're going to have to come back and put more capacity into the ground. And again, we're going to manage it very, very tightly and focus on a just-in-time basis and make sure we can phase or stretch out our capital as far as we can to hit as many markets as we can. As you know, today we're in 30 markets post the announcement today. And so we got to make sure that we have sufficient cap to meet all the needs. But I feel very comfortable. We've got a very disciplined process that not only identify the next opportunity but also manage the filling of that opportunity.
Keith D. Taylor: It's very episodic as you know. It tends not to be linear. You can see it in the lumpiness of our CapEx this year. And I'll tell you, going forward into 2013, I would expect it to be somewhat lumpy again, and it will just depend on the timing of when we turn up some of these construction projects and then how we settle the obligation to our contractors. Because our -- the CapEx numbers we delivered to you guys is really a cash number, right? We're taking into consideration the movement of funds to our contractors. But my sense is it will not be a linear chart next year.
Charles Meyers: And yes, Chris, I'll pick up on some of the other elements of your question. Relative to the fuel situation, obviously, that's something we're watching very closely. We have been able to access all the facilities and get timely fuel delivery thus far. And we're actively monitoring fuel supply, and we're tracking multiple sources of supplies, including access from outside the metro, if and when needed. So we're on top of that in ensuring that we have ready access to fuel to keep generator running as long as we need to until utility power is restored, which we believe could be several days still. So again, that is a key issue and one we are tracking very closely. Also, I think I want to reassure our customers that we remain on high alert, maintaining increased staffing levels as required to monitor and troubleshoot the facilities until return to a fully normal condition across the footprint. In terms of your last comment, I would say, again, we are watching it closely. And we'll continue to be very diligent until we are fully back to normal. But I think we are very pleased with how our facilities, and more importantly, our people, have performed. And we're going to continue to use this incident as a way to learn and get better. But I will say that we have had some challenges in older multi-tenant facilities in Manhattan, where we do not fully control, manage and maintain the building infrastructure. But in our Equinix campus facilities, where we have our main control and have our own processes for maintenance, et cetera, we have performed very well. And so, I do think it's a testament to the Equinix track record of operational reliability. And we do expect that that will be something attractive for both customers and prospects alike, as we come at the back end of this.
Charles Meyers: Yes. We are looking at that. I don't believe that will be anything material. And like I said, both from a cost perspective on the incremental operating costs as well as SLAs, we don't believe there'll be anything outside of the range of what we contemplated.
Charles Meyers: It is not only not too early, it has already begun to occur. So absolutely not. And like I said, I do think that I'm sure my operational teams would mock me knocking on wood as I speak, but we continue to perform very well. Very pleased with the level of resiliency and the people and the processes operating the facilities. And people are -- I think, for example, the Secaucus facility continues to be a great option for people that is a fully maintained Equinix facility that, again, delivers superior results. So yes, it's definitely not too early. And my phone is ready to ring for anybody else who would like to come in.
Charles Meyers: Well, yes, I mean, fundamentally, it is a very, very different business model. Very highly differentiated in terms of value we offer to customers for certain elements of their application architecture. And so, again, we target business where network density, application performance, global reach, mission-critical reliability are all critical factors in the decision-making for a customer. And interestingly, purchase decision for our customers is often a revenue-facing decision. And so, as a result, I think we've been able to sustain favorable pricing in the market that remains firm. I think our fill rates remain strong. We do see a movement towards these multi-tiered architectures where people are tiering their architectures to take full value -- advantage of the full value of Platform Equinix in terms of these -- some of these performance-sensitive applications, but then looking to incorporate larger footprint to handle perhaps less performance-sensitive or less latency-sensitive applications. In many cases, our customers would prefer to do business with us across that range, which is one of the reasons why we opened the DC 10 asset. That has performed very well for us thus far. We see a very strong pipeline there. And we are actively evaluating the extension of that product to other markets, so that we can meet at least selectively for strategic customers a more robust multi-tiered architecture requirement. In some cases, they need to go to even larger facilities. They do so in a very aggressive wholesale market today in terms of price competition out there for that. And they can often get great values for those larger footprint deals. But we tend to operate at the lower end in a very differentiated set of their applications.
Charles Meyers: Yes, let me -- Mike, let me tackle the first one in terms of the Americas cabinets and the activity there and how it interfaces with our -- the churn issue. So again, I think that the churn is really -- it's really primarily an artifact of us continuing to execute on our strategy in a very disciplined fashion. We talked over the last several quarters about this IBX optimization program. And we essentially -- where we -- we're looking at each location, identifying business that either is low priced, low power density, low interconnection, some combination of those things, and very explicitly evaluate if, when and how we would intend to replace that business with deals of higher commercial quality. And as we signaled, those efforts are driving the higher churn levels. But it's critical to note that virtually none of that churn is associated with the loss of what we consider targeted business to our competitors. So undoubtedly, it does recreate some revenue headwinds. And you see that in the net cabs billing number. That's exacerbated a bit by the timing of our bookings in the quarter, which tend to be a bit back-end loaded. And again, obviously, there's revenue headwinds because the churn -- the revenue disappears immediately and then takes a bit of time to backfill. But we see -- already see the program continuing to have significant positive impacts on our business. As I mentioned in our last call, some of the specific churn actions we've already taken will drive millions of dollars in incremental EBITDA with 0 capital investments. Our site margins are going up. MRR per cab is going up. The power utilization is going up. Cross-connect density is going up. And those are all metrics that are highly correlated with long-term operating margin in the customer retention. So I'm confident that our actions are not only expanding operating margins but reducing the overall capital intensity of business; increasing our cash flow performance, which is becoming evident; and really -- and materially improving our ROIC over time. So that is the dynamic that you see there in that metric. But the continuation of that program is fully contemplated in the 2013 guidance we provided. And we think that, over time, that offers upside as we fully align our businesses' mix with that strategy.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And I think you hit most of the key points there. Just from a -- specifically, from the Americas perspective, again, we had our second largest regional bookings quarter ever in Q3, continuing to deliver strong exports in terms of global needs, platform booking needs that go out into the other regions. Records, actually, from a bookings perspective in both financial services and network. As Steve indicated, we're a little less mature in our value prop in some verticals and -- but productivity levels continue to be up and to the right. I talked a lot about this cohort analysis we do. And I did indicate there should be continued upside left for us in terms of bookings growth. So with regard to the backlog question, it's interesting because what's happening, we are seeing record levels of backlog. Although our book-to-bill interval continues to be generally across most of our implementation is very strong, we're seeing some extension of it because, particularly in our business suite offerings, it's simply a larger -- tends to be a larger footprint-type implementation, which takes a bit longer to ramp into. And then secondly, we've modified our approach to selling power. And that's really materially improved our power utilization. But it requires us to make a -- just offer ramp [ph] to customers because the take-or-pay nature of the pricing. And so those things have added a bit to the revenue backlog, which, again, provides a little bit of tailwind in the face of the revenue headwind that we talked about on the churn side. So a little bit of a countervailing force there. But again, overall, I think productivity continues to trend in the right direction. As Steve said, we are very focused on it, continuing to work on it every day, improving the quality of our value propositions in the other verticals. And it feels -- like I said, I feel good about what's Steve referenced there that are sophomore-year performance for the new reps.
Charles Meyers: Yes. The only thing I would add, Frank, is if you think that -- we track utilization, both space and power utilization, at a very granular level. So you see the sort of big background number, which is heavily influenced by the addition of capacity into the system. But we track it at a much more granular level. And our optimization program are looking not only at cabinet utilization but at power utilization and our ability to continue to monetize power and drive higher levels of cabinet utilization through various techniques. And our optimization program is really a lever for us on margin expansion. So I expect not only are we going to just simply grow into the capacity that we put out there, but we're going to continue to drive very -- higher and higher levels of utilization on our existing assets. So I don't know the exact number that will trend to in the Americas over the next 12 months, but we're going to add some more capacity coming up here. But at a granular level, we are very focused on continuing to drive utilization, given the impact it has on ROIC.
Charles Meyers: And relative to the second question, in terms of -- I think your question is primarily oriented around -- given competitive intensity in the wholesales, does that gives us an opportunity to reduce our sort of factored cost -- unit cost going in. Again, I think we look at every deal. We have a very competent and very focused corporate real estate team that looks at -- as we give them our roadmap, if you will, of where and how we want to expand our platform, we go out and look at what is available to us and whether that is in the form of existing facilities that we would lease or other options. I think we evaluate those on a yield-by-yield basis and continue to get the best possible deals we can get. And so if that -- if that allows us an opportunity to reduce those costs, we will certainly capture it. And -- but I think your initial observation is spot on, which is these are very different businesses. And I think people are beginning to realize that.
