Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. Our results this quarter continue to reflect strong execution by our global team and highlight the unique position that Equinix enjoys in facilitating digital transformation. As we continue to deliver exceptional business results, I want to also highlight our significant progress in advancing our future-first sustainability commitments. This quarter, in addition to our continued investments and commandments around the environmental sustainability, we're very pleased to have launched the Equinix Foundation, an employee-driven charitable organization working to advance digital inclusion through philanthropic grant making and strategic partnerships. The foundation reflects our ongoing commitment to social sustainability. And we're excited about the work we can do to build a better, more inclusive, more sustainable world, harnessing and amplifying the passion of our people to help close the digital divide in our communities across the globe. As we advance Q4 and position for 2023, our highly differentiated position continues to drive strong momentum, robust customer demand and a deep, high quality pipeline. We're delivering sustained growth at the top line and AFFO per share, while maintaining our clear focus on driving operating leverage across our business. We continue to effectively exercise multiple growth levers including expanded market reach, enhancement of our product portfolio, accelerated new logo capture through our multi channel go-to-market engine, pricing adjustments that reflect our exceptional value, and a commitment to a bold innovation and sustainability agenda, all of which demonstrates the resilience of Platform Equinix and highlights our ability to deliver distinct and durable value to our customers and our shareholders. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And on the PIs, Jon, the -- look, the way our contracts reads, we're not impaired in any way from putting those through -- during the -- of course, the contract. So they're not limited to when you take renewals. So just sort of backup and give you a view on, we talked a little bit about it in the script, but I think that we will give you details, more details when we do the '23 guide. But I think thanks to some really incredible work by our teams, we feel really good about where we are on that -- on the PI issue and on power generally. I think we're about 90%-plus, or more than -- well over 90% hedged in our deregulated markets, and we're going to be topping off those positions in the coming weeks and months. And we've already communicated those planned increases to customers, and are generally able, as Keith mentioned in his script, they will provide them with cost points that are meaningfully advantageous relative to current spot in those markets. So, I think we're going to -- we're in a really good position there. I think we're going to be able to pass a few. Obviously, they're not yet passed through, because we're still operating at our hedge rates from this year. But as they adjust, we've given them the advanced visibility to what they expect to see. And I think broadly speaking, they knew it was coming. And I think in a lot of cases, they're pleased to see that it's not quite as bad as they had feared it might be.
Charles Meyers: Yes, Jon, I do think Cloud Repatriation does happen, but I think it's probably getting more airtime than maybe it's -- it really is appropriated. I mean, I think we're still very early in the movement of clouds from traditional IP architectures into cloud. And that's what we continue to see and well, I recognize, we did see some slowdown from the cloud providers: one, that was impacted significantly by currency. And two, I think a lot of it has -- as I look through those reports, and heard that was sort of reductions in usage base volume, what are likely sort of non-mission critical workloads. And so, I think that -- as I talked to CIOs, their commitment to moving to cloud-based architectures, their commitment to moving significant percentages of their overall workloads to public cloud, and then integrating that with private cloud infrastructure that needs to be cloud proximate is still full tilt. And, in fact, I talked to a CIO that said that they had -- just a Fortune 200 type CIO, but they had an application estate that was 4,000-plus applications. And when I asked him how many of those had been migrated to cloud, it was in the range of 200. And so a long way to go. And so, if you look at the -- just the quantum of growth that's happening in the cloud, in any given quarter, they're adding just the top five providers or adding $3 billion to $4 billion of incremental recurring revenue. And so I think it is still a long way to go. And I think that we continue to be particularly relevant as people think about the way things used to work in IT architectures, they all live nicely together in a rack next to each other in an enterprise data centre. Well, as soon as you start migrating workloads to the cloud and then trying to interface them with your data and applications that you're still managing on your own, things don't work quite the same. And that's what we're seeing in our pipeline, people are saying, hey, I've got to have my hybrid, my private cloud proximate. It's got to be distributed. The applications all have to work together. And so I think we're still going to continue to see vigorous demand for this migration to hybrid and multi cloud for the foreseeable future.
Charles Meyers: Sure. There's a lot there, Simon. But let me try to cover it. And if I forget any of it, just bring it back up. But any softness, look, we are not blind to sort of the challenging macro conditions in which we're all operating, that's for sure. But I would say that our bookings trajectory, our sales execution, our pipeline, quality of pipeline, volume of pipeline, all continue to be very solid. And that is across regions, and it is across sectors. And I think that the phenomenon that I was just describing an answer to Jon's question is an exceptionally horizontal one. People just moving to these new cloud-first hybrid IT architectures and I think seeing the relevance of Equinix in that. And so, are there customer segments or types that are having more challenges? That we could get that question a lot. I do think that we're less exposed to either startups or small company, that's typically not our sweet spot of our business. We're really more on enterprise level, both service provider and enterprise architectures, and how people are rethinking those globally. And so we continue to see a strong level of demand. And so, I think we're less exposed to that, perhaps, and then maybe public cloud providers and others that on small or startup type businesses that might be impacted. In terms of power and Europe, generally, I would say our European business is performing very well. And yes, we do expect that power is going to -- and again, it hasn't yet impacted that. We haven't rolled those through. One, a couple of comments on that. One, our history is that we've rolled pricing through in interconnection. In fact, if you look at the non-financial metrics, we've increased MRR per cab in Europe, $100 over the last four quarters. And that's driven by interconnection pricing, that's driven by mix of business, et cetera, but the European business is performing very well. I do think it will create a pinch for people that they're going to have to pay for more for power. But just put that into context, we think that a lot of our customers are going to see monthly increases that are really modest dependent on how concentrated they are in highly impacted markets. But we think that even in worst cases, where people are in a high impact market, they might be impacted by, call it, 15% to 20% of their monthly bill. And so, for most people, we don't believe that is something that will impact their overall commitment to their digital transformation. But it does create, and we think -- so we think that we're going to -- to be able to continue to sustain the demand levels that we're seeing. And then the last piece on margin. Again, we're kind of what we would expect we were actually slightly ahead in Q3, of where our expectations would have been. And Singapore is actually slightly better than what we expected for the full year. But thankfully that's sort of coming to an end. This is the last quarter where we'll see that. I think we'll be able to now make the adjustments that we needed to make in terms of passing through the appropriate price increases in full, in the markets impacted beginning in 2023. As I said, I think we're going to be able to do that in a way that customers, even though they're certainly not going to applaud those price increases, I think, as they look at it, in a lot of those markets, they're feeling it as consumers and they're feeling at a very acute level. And I think they're going to realize -- they're starting to realize what I think the benefits of our hedging programs are in terms of dampening that volatility for them.
Charles Meyers: Yes, I'll let Mike to -- I mean now let Keith take second part of that, Mike, and then let me talk a little bit about stabilized assets. And you can talk a little bit more on the balance sheet side and rates et cetera. But the -- look, it was a tremendous quarter obviously on stabilized assets. 7% is particularly strong. There is still a little bit of juice in there on the Singapore piece, but it was -- but it's definitely even without that significantly above kind of where we've been trending. And I think it's kind of a combination of all those factors that you're seeing pricing at interconnection, utilization, power density, all of those things probably really playing in. So -- and I think you're starting to now see the beginnings of seeing price actions. You're not seeing the PPIs, the power price increases, because those will roll through in '23. But as we've talked about, we are -- we've already adjusted list pricing on a number of our products. You're starting to see that roll through in renewals, and you're seeing it on other products that are around interconnection, et cetera. And so I think you're starting to see that as you saw, broadly speaking, utilization is trending up nicely. In fact, if you look over the last four quarters, EMEA and APAC are both up 5%. And so Europe is down about 2%, but a lot of capacity added in that region, right? And so I think we're continuing to get more out of the assets that we've deployed, continuing to feel very good about the pricing environment, continuing to dense people up driving good commercial decisions. And I think that's really showing up in the stabilized assets. We also had a couple of retired assets, that in there, they're probably also further ramp. And then the last piece, I would say is churn continue to trend. We haven't talked a lot about that. But boy, I think we've always said, look, the right to -- get the right customer, right application, right asset, that's the way to drive churn down. And I think we've seen that affect over the last -- many quarters, and continue to feel really good about that. We had obviously elevated levels to churn in the Verizon assets, which I think was really impacting our stabilized asset performance for a period of time, and have now really come through the back end of that really nicely. And I think feel really good about -- I candidly, I'm like -- I'm not sure that current level is, that's a little above the range that we've typically guided you guys to, but we will certainly take it and are pleased with the performance.
Charles Meyers: Mike, the -- you guys are pushing a lot of the buttons here. So I want to offer an anecdote that I think is really powerful. And that is kind of when I'm out and talking to customers and with sales teams, it's pretty amazing. Because what I hear from sales teams, their number one concern, not enough capacity. They're like -- we're worried, we're going to run out of capacity we need, are you building more capacity? I'm not hearing, hey, what are you going to do to my quota is next year? We know the answer to that question. I'm not hearing, hey, passing through these power increases is challenging. What I'm hearing is, we need more capacity, we need to continue to invest in the business. When are we going to get more coverage on digital services, I want to cover more markets. We need to respond to our customers' needs. And so, I think it's just a reflection, we’re pushing utilization up, that's starting to create some pinch points. And so, from our perspective, as we look at how the business is performing, continue to invest in organic growth prudently and appropriately. And always in with a keen eye on the macro environment. It's still best and highest and best use for us.
Charles Meyers: Yes, it's a great question. The answer is, yes. I mean, I think you're seeing that. Markets around the world are thinking about how to allocate energy. They're also thinking about the sustainability impacts of data centers in their markets, and how they want to sort of -- how they want to think about providing energy and permitting to support those, et cetera. So obviously, that's a key area of focus for us. I do think that overall, we're in a very good position. I think that not only do we have really well established relationships across those markets, we have a level of commitment. And I think specification on the sustainability side, that people I think feel comfortable that we are going to make the commitments necessary to support digital transformation in their markets, and digital growth in their markets in a way that's responsible. And so I think that's going to continue to be a differentiation for us. But we could -- and the other thing is, is that our market -- or our business and our business model are very different when it comes to power. They need to support, for example, a hyperscale facility that's going to support one or two customers and allocating that power entirely to those is very different than the power situation we find ourselves in. We have a much greater level of flexibility in terms of looking at how we're using power, moving a power around over time. And so I think there's some additional flexibility for us there. But the short answer is, yes, that is a dynamic that I think is not unique to Northern Virginia. We feel very good about where we are in that market, by the way, just in terms of our position there. But it is something that I think is going to be on people's minds. And I think we're -- on the capacity question, we're even seeing that churn -- people who were planning churn are now unplanning it. And because I think they feel like they -- that had an ensuring that they have capacity and sometimes under existing terms, or something that is close to those existing terms is a strategic decision for them. And I think we're continuing to see favorability in churn for those reasons.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Generally, I would say that we feel like that the Chile edition with Entel was our strategic one that sort of fills out the LatAm portfolio in a really powerful way. And so I think we feel good about the level of coverage that we have there. That's not to say there wouldn't be potentially incremental opportunities there. But our businesses in Brazil -- our business in Brazil continues to thrive. Obviously, current -- market currency wise, it can be challenging and has been for years. But the growth there has been really strong, and our differentiated position in that market continues to be very good. So I think that continue to invest in that business. We're happy with the early returns on our business in Mexico. As Keith said, we've made some investments there for land and continue to see that as a -- with additional market opportunity there. Excited about the early returns. And that's one of the things we see on these businesses. We underwrite them to a certain level of performance. And almost always we're seeing that the power of bringing those assets into our channel -- our channel, broadly speaking mean, our direct teams and our partners and giving them access to those, we are hit -- we're really typically hitting bookings velocities that are much better than what we underwrote too. And so, we feel good about that. But yes, I think we feel good about LatAm. I think there's potentially incremental opportunity. But if I were to prioritize where I think we were more likely to make incremental M&A activity, it would be in probably maybe some other parts of the world. And we've talked about those in a variety of places. Southeast Asia, I think is continuing to reshape a bit and is a market that both organically and potentially through M&A, we would find attractive. India is a market that I think we will continue to invest in organically and potentially inorganically. And obviously, we've got a starting point in Africa that we are very excited about. But there's more potentially to do there. So I think that's -- I kind of went a little beyond your question there, but that's a little bit of a frame on the M&A world.
Charles Meyers: No. So, I mean, we really don't see that. I think that we've seen: one, I think the history of our business and this is a pretty empirically validated is that our demand tends to be pretty inelastic. And so I think that's likely to be particularly true relative to the power price increases, which I believe in hope will be at least to some degree, transitory. Now, whether or not we get back to energy level pricing levels that were -- we were at before, I don't know. But I think that -- I don't -- we don't currently see that as a driver for people to say, oh, well, we're going to churn out of our capacity. So I think it increases the level of focus that people have on efficient utilization of the capacity they have deployed. And I think they see that same dynamic a little bit in cloud, right, which is people are saying, hey, we got to tighten up on our cloud bills, we got to -- we're going to reduce usage on non-mission critical workloads. And I think you're seeing some of that impact in that business. Our business is much more on fixed contracts. We're starting -- we have a little bit of usage based revenue in some of our digital services. But I don't foresee us ticking up in churn in any meaningful way as a result of sort of the pricing adjustments. I think that we're going to continue to see people very committed to their digital transformation. I think like -- that will be an element of inflationary forces that our customers are going to deal with, much like we and every other company is dealing with out there. But I think it boils down to kind of how you -- what priorities you place, and we really feel like digital transformation, and the move to hybrid and multi cloud is, as I -- as we said in the script, both a revenue maximizing driver and a cost driver, in many cases, in terms of doing more with less. So we feel like the demand profile is going to continue to be strong. And again, our ability to forecast churn has been very, very good. And so we're not going into that blind. We continue to have confidence there. But we'll have to continue to monitor very, very closely and see how the market responds. But I think our history and an empirical data would indicate that we have a market that's pretty inelastic from a demand perspective.
Charles Meyers: Just to give you a little more transparency on, so -- what some of those are, we're pulling forward some R&M [ph], pulling forward -- just finishing out some projects that we are focused on both on the go-to-market side, and on the product side to -- to really give us that, the momentum going into next year. We gave a little bit more -- little wider berth to the teams on T&E in Q4. Because we really continue to believe that getting our teams reconnected both to our customers and to each other is important. And I think we're really seeing the dividends of that. And so -- but we're -- we definitely have not lost the plot in terms of our focus on operating leverage. In fact, if you look at our SG&A line, it's flat quarter-to-quarter and that's in the face of increasing investment in sales and marketing. And so that implies that we're sort of tightening down on G&A. And, even though, we're adding headcount in very targeted areas to support a very healthy organic performance of our business, we're also really tightening down in areas of the business in recognizing that we continue -- have to continue to have a focus on automation and simplification and efficiency. And we got to get that G&A leverage that we need in the business over time. So, we -- there's -- we're trying to make good balanced decisions on that front. And, again, we'll give you more perspective and cover what that means. But feeling very good about the trajectory of the business as we exit towards the end of the year.
Charles Meyers: We will give -- I mean, obviously, we will get more as those tighten up and as we get -- as we go into the call in February, we will give you a lot more transparency there.
Charles Meyers: Yes, it was around the general trends in extended cycles and are we seeing tighter IT budgets and those kind of things. Look, as I said, what we are seeing is generally a substantial commitment to the digital transformation agenda. And that doesn't mean people aren't seeing the need to tighten their belt on IT in other ways, but typically, we see that they are not -- they are trying very hard not to sort of distract their agenda in terms of the move to hybrid multi cloud as [indiscernible] choice. And I was just reading something from Gartner the other day in terms of just looking at how important is a particular IT project to your sort of digital agenda? And what is it going to do to impact your competitiveness to drive top line growth to save money, et cetera? And we continue to see a vigorous commitment to those kinds of things. And so -- and we have -- generally -- and Keith talked about this, both in terms of our cycles -- sales cycle and our backlog have not seen extensions of either of those things. And so sales execution has continued to be very, very good. Pipeline continues to be strong, pipeline execution and conversion continues to be strong. And so we're not saying it doesn't exist, although we're -- but what we would say is that the demand profile and how it's translating for us in bookings and pipeline is very, very good. And we're continuing to invest in the business accordingly.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Well, definitely, I think, it can be 2x to 3x and more than that -- than its current size, for sure. I think it can be -- so we definitely believe it's a meaningful business going forward for us. I also think we want to see it be more fully integrated. In fact, I think that is feedback we're getting from our customers is we love your individual digital services, but they don't work as effectively as an integrated platform as we would like. And so Scott, who franchise who joined us is sort of out there talking to customers, hearing what's on their mind, that has been a topic. And we're really continuing to align our product and development agenda to ensure that we are addressing the needs that the customers have. And so we do believe that an integrated platform, if you look at network edge, fabric and metal, we think that's a compelling combination of offerings for customers as they look to implement digital transformation strategies in hybrid and multi cloud. And so -- but I think it's important that we really continue to view that as giving them the right sort of portfolio of services to meet their needs. We think that actually public cloud will be a great home for a significant portion of their workloads. We definitely see sometimes repatriation back to either a colo-based solution or a metal type-based solution that allows sort of different level of economic scaling and utilization is something that happens. But we are -- we want to respond to the needs of the customer and have the right solution for them. And so when that's cloud, that's great. Move the workloads to the cloud, we will give you the connectivity you need to connect it to the data and other applications you need to have it perform well, and we will distribute that infrastructure around the world. And so, I think us being able to go in with that trusted adviser status with the customer is really what's driving the business. But we definitely see a big opportunity in metal and I think -- and with the broader digital services portfolio as continued. And as we've said in the past, it's growing at a multiple of the rate of our -- of the broader business.
Keith Taylor: So, Jon, I'll take the first one, I think I'll pass the second one to Charles. It's roughly 13%. Again, it moves around quarter-on-quarter and it's also dependent on,-in some cases, the currency movements. But for this year, you should see the range anywhere sort of from 12% to 13% on a per revenue dollar basis.
Keith Taylor: And, Simon, let me just add a couple of other quick points, if I may in addition to what Charles said. First and foremost, the objective to get to 50% margin targets, as sort of Charles alluded to, we're doing better than we anticipated in the Americas. Singapore is better than anticipated. And overall, we're running the business with a great deal of discipline. And I say that with emphasis. And so number one, we're seeing margin profile that's better than you might have otherwise anticipated. Two, when you sort of look into the fourth quarter, we're making some discretionary decisions to accelerate costs into the fourth quarter. But after that we continue to drive the business with greater efficiency. As it relates to the 50% EBITDA margin target, just I've said this on a number of -- in a number of non-deal roadshows, and one-on-one discussions with investors. We're not shifting our emphasis to 50% EBITDA. We believe that we can get there. In fact, the performance of the business post the Analyst Day, we're actually doing better than we thought than we anticipated at that point in time. But you've got a very volatile and fractious market. And so we got to deal with the consequences there. But if you look at it from a value on a per share basis, we are as good, if not better than we told you we are going to be. And so I think that's really important. And then the last thing I just want to leave you with is to sort of an adjunct to what -- again, what Charles said. The whole dialogue around small customers, in part of the reason that we disclose in our prepared remarks, the amount of transactions we did it to give you a sense of just the volume of activity. And so we did 4,200 transactions, again, with 3,000 customers. As we said in the last quarter, our pipeline is as strong as it's ever been. And in fact, I said it was healthy this quarter. It's actually we -- our pipeline is bigger this quarter than it was last quarter. And so we're really optimistic about the business and where we position ourselves and we can continue to drive value into the overall equation. And again, we're long-term focused, we want to drive value into the investor and we're very much focused on AFFO per share.
Keith Taylor: Yes. So thank you on that. So first and foremost, I think we fancy ourselves as pretty darn good capital allocators. We -- also we want to invest in the highest returning investment we can make as in the organic business, and we're going to continue to focus on that. No surprise, this quarter, we have 46 projects currently underway across 31 markets in 21 countries. So we remain very active and we want to continue to grow and expand the business horizontally. At the same time investing quite openly on the vertical side of the investment, which is digital services. So you're going to see a combination of the two and as we look into 2023 we will give you more guide on that. But suffice it to say that we -- there is an appetite to continue to invest in the business. And we really get to enjoy the cash flows we generate in the business, and low payout ratio to basically self fund that for all intents and purposes. So I feel extremely good about that. As you look forward, then, again, we are trying a little bit excess cash right now. We saw an opportunity in the market, in the quarter, pardon me, to pull down a little bit of our ATM. And so we settled some stuff that we did in Q2 this quarter. And then we also we sold some in the quarter in and of itself at 690 -- I think the average was $697 a share. And so we chose to do that because we knew we're going into periods of volatility. And we wanted to make sure that we could fully effect the use of our cash flow and invest in the long-term growth of business, which is really an expansion capital, while also investing in digital services. So that's what you're going to continue to hear us talk about. And then we're also being very judicious about -- I've spoken quite openly about we want to raise more debt even in the current environment. But the question is, where do we source that debt from? And can we take advantage of different markets around the world based on prevailing cost to borrow? That's all -- you'll hear more about that. But suffice it to say, I think you'll see more debt activity over the coming quarters than otherwise. You'd see with ATM. And then just as it relates to investment and capital, yes, I know the cost of capital is moving up. But we -- the benefit of our model is and for all the reasons you just heard Charles speak about, we get a really good return on our assets, our stabilized assets are getting 29% on them and on a gross PP&E invested. So anytime we increment that, knowing that we're keeping our costs well in check here, that you're going to get a nice incremental return. And so from our perspective, we're not arbitraging over our cost of capital. We're driving real value into the business for our customers and for the future. And as a result, we want to continue to make that investment. And we'll be very wise about what we raise in the form of capital to fund our growth, knowing that you've got a dividend that's growing, and you've got a business that's growing. And as a result, we got to fund not only the business and also the capital redeployment back to the investor. So I think it's a great question you're asking. We spent a lot of energy on it. I've got a fantastic treasury team that work underneath us. And we're looking at all ways to source our capital and fund value on a per share basis to the business. And so stay tuned.
Keith Taylor: Well, yes, as I said in the prepared remarks, there's an element of discretionary spend that we accelerated in the quarter. I think of that in the $20 million to $30 million range, and then you've got a pretty long range in the -- and then -- in the quarterly guide. So I would say, like, look at the underlying performance, you've got some seasonal costs to that, that sort of take place in the fourth quarter that we absorbed. But overall, the business continues to perform better than we anticipated. The margin profile, or the cash generated in the businesses is stronger than we were planning. And as a result, we use that as an opportunity to accelerate costs, and put us in a pretty good spot as we start to think about 2023.
Keith Taylor: Okay. Well, let me maybe just start with the ranges. So first and foremost, we want to have a go-to-market engine, the customer facing teams wanted to have some dialogue with the customers on sort of power increases. And so first of all, it was really everybody is seeing what's going on in the broader market, particularly in Europe. And as a result, making sure that you're sort of advising the customers that there is going to be effective power increase at some point. The second value was effectively, look, depending on where you are, one market is very, very different than other markets. Some are regulated, some are unregulated. This is the sort of the range that you should expect. As both Charles and I have mentioned, we've got a sophisticated hedging program. We basically solidified what we think is a good portion of exposure for next year. And so we have specific information on that. And so we give them a range of what that could be. And again, as market specific, is volume-specific as application specific, again, customers, there's going to be a wide range for these customers depending on where they operate. And the third value will be in the not-too-distant future here is your specific increase. And so part of it is just making sure that the customer is fully understood that we're communicating with them. And we got it with -- and we give them enough time to understand what was going to happen, particularly as they start to think about their -- sorry, 2023 planning cycle. And so that was -- that's the first part. To give you something specific about what -- look, I could tell you, in some markets, if you look at spot, you're talking about multiples of increase, particularly in the U.K. market. That's not where we are as a company. We've done a very good job of buying forward and making sure we have a good position with. And I think our customers, as we said, we think we will be in a better spot relative to our competition. and we will be certainly well below what I think prevailing market rates are. So that's the positive. That is a European discussion. As you look at Asia and Americas, it's a different dialogue. You've got a much more structured increase. And overall, I feel very good about that. I think one of the things that you should walk away though, is understanding that the company is almost wholly hedged for next year. And certainly, Europe is even more hedged than the broader company. And so that's the one thing, I think, is really worth noting here. Because last year, we had some exposure to Singapore. We feel much better where we are going into '23 on Singapore. As we said to Michael, we would go to -- come back to the market and the market would come to us and all indications is the market is coming to us. And as a result, we will pass-through those incremental costs as well. So hopefully, that helps you a little bit, Sami, but I can't give you a specific range. It's very -- it's market and customer-specific.
Keith Taylor: And, Matt, the only other thing I would say is one of the things that, again, you talked about normalized constant currency. And so on a constant currency basis, we're taking roughly relative to where we started the year about $180 million hit to the top line because of currency movement, and about $85 million to the EBITDA line. So it gives you a sense that what we're absorbing. So the performance of the business is doing much better than we had anticipated. And you can see that coming in so many different places, including the Americas business. I think when the -- I think the other thing that's going to certainly aid many of us, particularly those that are U.S. domiciled, as currencies start to move the other direction, which I suspect that they will at some point, that you're also going to get wind at your back from currency. So not only do you have the momentum coming from what Charles alluded to, but I also think that you've got -- you're going to have currency movement when other -- where other sort of central banks move their rates up to the U.S. or the U.S. starts to slow down on their rate increase. And that's going to be, I think, a real benefit to the business. And as I said before, if you just take our top three currencies, you take them back to our traditional parity level, not a deviation higher or lower, I mean you're really talking about a significant increase in revenues just from currency movements. Of course, we hedge ourselves and we do a really good job of currency hedging. But I wanted to leave you with that thought as well. It's not just about the pure execution to the business on how we are operating it, but also there's some currency movement that I think is going to benefit us as well.
