Keith Taylor: Thank you, and welcome to everybody on the call today. Before we get started on the call, I'd like to take a moment to introduce our Investor Relations team, which has now doubled. Joining me today is Katrina Rymill, our new Vice President of Investor Relations, who recently joined us from CyberSource. Also with us today is Jason Starr, our Senior Director of Investor Relations. And with that, I'm going to pass it over to Katrina.
Keith Taylor: I think, first and foremost, when we look in North America as a whole, we'd tell you that pricing remains firm. We're not doing anything specific to get more activity into Switch and Data assets. In fact, the buildings that we're selling into in the Switch and Data are the ones that are quite constrained and it happens to be the markets, like downtown New York, Palo Alto, Boston and Toronto. So it gives you a sense that where we're winning our business tends to be in very strong markets for us. It's fair to say, though, depending on what market you're going to, if you look at the Nashville market, it has a different pricing structure than that of a New York or a Silicon Valley. So there's nothing abnormal about what we're doing from a pricing perspective. And so how that translates into our overall metric? Strictly North America, if you look at organically or if you look at specifically, Switch and Data, the fact that we added a lot of cabinets this quarter, as you can see, organically it's well over 900. And because of that 900, as you can appreciate, like anything, there was a meaningful step-up in what we've seen previously. And because that comes with a lot of installation and it takes time for people to procure power and enter into interconnection activities, it can have a dilutive effect on an overall pricing. I think we've been very clear with the market over the last few quarters that we're happy where our price is, we think it's firm, we get a very good return based on the price points that we're at today. And so there's nothing abnormal about what's going on from a pricing perspective.
Keith Taylor: I mean, absolutely no. I mean, again, I would just tell you pricing is firm. As we've said before, Jonathan, as you can appreciate that each customer negotiation is separate and unique, and we price in a spectrum. And some will be higher than others, but it's not specific to a new customer or what-have-you. It depends on where the customer's deploying and how that factors into our return model.
Keith Taylor: Well, the margin trend is really quite simple. As I mentioned, there's $3.7 million of cost going through the Q4 numbers and $12.5 million for the entire year, but a lot of emphasis in Q4 in Asia and Europe related to expansions. And of course, when you embed the cost and you have no revenue attached to it, it's going to be dilutive for a period of time. But it's fair to say, once those assets become operational and we start to fill them up, we're going to get back to our traditional margin levels. But it's the dilutive effect of growing the business and recognizing this is a big investment that we're making in Asia-Pacific. It's in all four core markets in our Asia-Pacific business. And because of that, it's very sizable and it's our smallest region, as you can appreciate, so it can have a very dilutive effect. As it relates to Europe, there's three primary factors, as I mentioned. There's the expansion drag, clearly. There's the discrete employee benefit matter that we had to attend to in Q4, and I don't want to be more specific than that, but it was roughly $700,000. And we've got that in the quarter. And then we have basically the seasonal rate impact in advance, our utilities. We have a higher pricing structure in the winter months in the European market. And so because of that, it dilutes basically the margins in Q4 and then the first half of Q1. So there's nothing outside of the norm, and our margins will get back to their traditional levels.
Keith Taylor: I think, first and foremost, going through the rigor of conforming our metrics, in particular this one, we did a deep dive, and we looked at all of the different factors that could affect churn. What's probably most importantly, we -- as Steve and I came off our annual review of the 2011 budget exercise in the Asian market and the European market and certainly in North America, the team did a pretty deep dive on what they thought was the explosion points to churn. And based on that, those factors, and looking at what we could accomplish, it became clear to us that we saw more of an anomaly in the 2010 time period. And because of that, we feel comfortable now taking our numbers to the approximate 2% per quarter, or the 8% per year. And so it really was just a comfort around knowing that we're attacking it, we're looking at where we have opportunities to work with our customers, look for ways to mitigate churn and just recognizing that we feel that there is a couple of sizable churns last year that we talked about quite publicly. It's fair to say we don't see anything of similar size like that today in our markets. And I think I mentioned, and Steve was just able to tell me one other thing, we were also looking at the account reviews. We're doing our account-by-account reviews, and we get comfort as a business that can step back and look at how do we create value in working with the customers. I just think today, we're getting smarter and smarter about the type of customer we're bringing in, recognizing as we’ve churned in the past. A lot of that, as we talked about, is bifurcated churn where it takes their last legacy-sensitive stuff, moves it to a different service provider and keep the more critical applications with us. So we've absorbed a lot of that over the last sort of six quarters, and I just think we're in a much better spot today than we were a year ago.
Keith Taylor: I think a very good question, David. I think, first, let me deal with pricing. And we've been pretty clear over the last three quarters. If you looked at price point, whether we do it on a sort of period-end calculation or we give you a new calculation, or that was a new calculation we give you this month on this call or on a weighted-average basis, North American pricing trend between $2,026 and $2,069. And so we're playing in a zip code with a very large base of customers today. We've always been very clear that we think $1,800 to $2,200 per cabinet is a reasonable amount that you should expect based on our selling capacity. There's certainly going to be accounts that will be below that and there will certainly be accounts that are well above that. It is the averages that we're playing with. And so I'm just telling you that this thing's going to bump around for the foreseeable future. But I think the trend is that as long as we're focused as a company on getting the right customers and the right IBXs with the right application, our price point should continue to be firm. Now as I said before, if you look at any specific market, you try to compare a Nashville or a St. Louis to a D.C. or a New York or a Silicon Valley, the price points are going to be different. It's clear that the market price point in those markets will be lower. And so if we sell into a lower-costing market, then that will have a dilutive effect as well. And as long as we are clear with you that pricing remains firm and we're getting what we want, I don't think you should have any concern about the price trends. And we'll continue to be very clear about that, and where we can, we'll identify or isolate things that might affect our prices going up or down over the next few quarters. Second question, just on our trends, Steve and I have been very clear, certainly, when we met people one-on-one or in sort of the larger conferences, that we're making large investment in the organization this year. We're investing very heavily in sales organization, our commissionable sales people, they're going to increase to 30% to 40% this year. And that's not going to have a meaningful effect, if you will, on revenues related to 2011. So what it does do, if we do our job right and we get productive sales people in the seats, our general view is we're going to sell more in 2012 than we did in 2011. And likewise today, I'd tell you that we anticipate selling more in 2011 than we did in 2010. And because of that, you should see a ramping effect through the year. At each quarter, you should see revenues continue to ramp. And we have the cumulative effect of that, where it would get you to a number that we feel very comfortable with. And right now, we are leaving it at greater than $1.5 billion.
Keith Taylor: Let me take the first one, and Steve will take the second one. I think CapEx, simply put, yes, it looks a little bit front-end loaded. But there's a couple of things. As you know, when we report CapEx now, we're doing it on a cash basis. And although -- and so what you're seeing is there's roughly $90 million sitting on our balance sheet that was accrued through 12/31. Of course, we anticipate a fair bit of that is going to liquidate over the first quarter. But probably more importantly, our Asia-Pacific assets, we've been constructing in that market for a period of time. And we've got four relatively large builds going on in Asia-Pacific, and that's more front-end loaded. Our sense is that it is a big number, but we anticipate that a lot of that CapEx will get spent accordingly. And to the extent it doesn't, I'll be quite open. If it doesn't, it's likely it will just move into Q2. But it's our best guess right now on how we think the cash flow is going to move through the quarter.
Keith Taylor: From a margin perspective, 64% growing to 65%. First and foremost, the sales force is going to go in the SG&A line, so it's not going to dilute that line. And part of the reason we think we can get there, we're absorbing a lot of costs as you depreciate all the new leases, all of the new employees. So quite frankly, if you look at that incremental activity, our margins will be improving quite meaningfully as we go throughout the year because we're going to grow our overall margins to 65%, but we're absorbing the cost of these expanding assets. Our confidence is that the majority of our costs, as you can appreciate, are fixed. But the one we have to deal with is really the variable component, which is utilities. And the company's working real hard to look at how that impacts us over the year, recognizing there's some seasonality. Just for me to say that we have confidence on that line, Sam Kapoor, who runs our North American operations and has a global mandate as well, he's very good at managing the cost and managing the operating performance of the assets. And because of that, we're confident we can get to 65% plus.
Keith Taylor: In the end, we think this provides us a little bit more flexibility. We want to get a little bit further down the road, if you will, in 2011 before we give you a refined guidance. But clearly, we have the visibility because we've closed our January books, as I said, or the near-closing of January books. So we have a good idea of what's happening in Q1. So we feel very good about that. And quite frankly, we have very high expectations for the team this year, both from how they're going to spend the dollars and cents and how much revenue we're going to generate. And we just want a little bit more visibility. And we're going to have an earnings call in roughly two months for now, and we can probably give you more visibility that point in time if we feel it's appropriate.
Keith Taylor: As I said and again, I don't want to get too specific because we're not permitted to really talk about the specific customer. But it's fair to say there's a large installation in Germany. As part of that, in the German market, and particularly in Frankfurt, we sometimes do what we call goods for resale. It's at the request of the customer. In this case, you're right that our overall non-recurring went up over $3.3 million, but the specific goods for resale in Germany in Q4 was $2.9 million. And the implications of that in breaking that out is that typically will not -- we always have some goods for resale in some part of our business around the world. But this was a little bit larger. And secondly, the margin is typically only about 10%. It's more facilitation for the customer, it's not something that we really want to spend a lot of our energy in. And because of that, it can be very dilutive on our margin profile if we don't get a break it out. So we felt it was very important in this case to break that out. And so going forward, you'll see a little bit of what we call goods for resale. But again, that's not a big piece of our business. Most of our non-recurring comes from what we call deferred installation costs. It's revenue that we recognize over a period of two to three years, and that's what typically goes through that non-recurring line.
Keith Taylor: So there's a couple of things that are going on. Clearly, as I mentioned, if you just look at the end of period cabinet adds, I think we're getting -- that's basically going to be forward revenue that we're getting, even the one in Germany that I referred to. We're not going to get the full run rate until Q2 of 2011 on that revenue. But they have installed the cabinets, and we're ramping up into it. So that's part of it. You're getting the dilutive impact of adding the cabinets without getting the full benefit of revenue yet. So that's certainly part of it. The other thing that we've absorbed, as you're aware, we had to address the churn impacts that we had in Q2 and Q3. And so we've felt the full impact of that now in our Q4 results and as we're starting into Q1. And then I guess, the third thing that I'll just tell you is that we've got a lot of activity. And so what I call the book-to-bill interval, so the time that we book contracts until we recognize revenue. The trend lines are positive, but there's a fair bit in what I would call our backlog that has yet to be billable. And so for all of those reasons, you sometimes can get anomalies. So I wouldn't overanalyze it at this point. It's a trend that you should pay attention to and we'll be paying attention to. But that's what's really going on.
Keith Taylor: There's two fairly large things going on. There's a large, what I call, installation or that special one-off that we dealt with in Frankfurt. Equally so in Frankfurt, there's the replacement of a large churn, and that's what is ramping up over into Q2 of this year. And so you're getting impacted by two things. You're seeing the investment in the non-recurring and you're seeing the customer install, but there's not a lot of revenue attached to it yet. And then equally, you're ramping up into this other large deployment, which is a large integrator who's got multiple deployments for customers in the German market. And so you'll get the benefit of that going forward in time.
Stephen Smith: Thank you, Katrina. Good afternoon. I'd like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that Equinix delivered strong financial results in the fourth quarter. Revenue was up 42% over the same quarter last year, which includes revenue from our acquisition of Switch and Data, and up 18% organically over the same period. Bookings during the quarter were solid across all three regions and the pipeline remains very healthy as we enter 2011. We also had strong interconnection growth, with a significant pickup in cross-connects, exchange ports and traffic on our switches. Our business has continued to perform extremely well, which clearly demonstrates the strength of the Equinix value proposition to customers across all of our industry vertical. For the year, revenue grew 38% and adjusted EBITDA increased 33%, finishing off another outstanding year of top and bottom line growth. In 2010, we invested approximately $465 million in 29 IBX expansion projects globally. We expanded organic cabinet capacity by 19%, and with the Switch and Data assets, we now have well over 6 million gross square feet of data center space, the largest co-location footprint in the world.  Total traffic in our Equinix exchange offerings surpassed the one terabit per second milestone and continues to grow at a rapid rate as it becomes a key exchange for Internet traffic for our customers. The Equinix operations team has managed our IBXs to over 6 million of availability across a global platform, which was a direct result of the investments we made in operation reliability in 2010. And finally, we've made good progress on Switch and Data cost synergies and are building revenue momentum, with strong bookings in a growing pipeline. We expect this asset to be fully integrated, including all systems work, by Q2 this year.  As we look forward into 2011 and as highlighted on Slide 4, there are several trends that will continue to drive our growth. Mobile usage is skyrocketing, with mobile traffic predicted to double every year through 2014. IP traffic growth is expected to quadruple over the same time period, which is driving the continuation of the great Internet build out. Video and real-time applications are expected to grow five times over this period and are very legacy-sensitive. Additionally, there's a massive shift to virtualization and cloud computing, which is driving public and private cloud nodes into our data centers. We're at the intersection of all of these trends, and mission-critical applications are being deployed at Equinix because of our network density, operation reliability and global footprint. Equinix continues to win in our markets as highly interconnected premium data center space continues to be in high demand around the world. We expect demand to be strong in 2011, and we will invest in the business to capitalize on our long-term opportunity. We are out-investing and out-executing our competitors, and our success is about targeting the right customers and the right applications that favor our value proposition. Now let me turn it over to Keith to walk you through the results for the quarter.
Stephen Smith: Let me start, and Keith can add a little bit here. But the trends, just for the average size deals, really haven't changed at all, Jonathan. We're still aimed because of the ecosystem focus on small- to medium-sized deployments. And that's where the sweet spot is for the company. We're still obviously seeing opportunities for larger deals. And if it's tied to an ecosystem and it's viewed as a magnetic strategic type of deployment, we'll find ourselves competing for that business. But in general, across the footprint, across all regions, we're getting very sharp in going after the ecosystem focus-type accounts. And that's where the energy is for the company. Between existing and new, I think the quarter was fairly standard, 75% on existing. So it came down a bit. We've been bouncing around the high-70s, low-80s. So it came down a little bit, a little bit more new logo focus. And I would tell you that's a little bit from the connection we have with creating market demand. So we've got a lot of activity going on in these verticals, where we know who we have and we know who we still want to go get. So there's pretty good activity going on today for targeting the next network, the next financial electronic trading venue. So we're getting very sharp in determining who we're going to go after. So I would expect the new logos will continue to grow.
Stephen Smith: James, since that point, we -- and I think we've been pretty clear on this. We review fill rates on a cadence here that's pretty steady throughout the year. And after the analyst day, towards the end of the year, as Keith and I and the rest of executives were putting together the 2011 plan, we had another deep-dive review into our fill rates. So the combination of a very strong exit rate in the fourth quarter, a look at the end of the year into fill rates going forward, and we can project fill rates out quite a distance. So we can look beyond a year or we can look into the following year. That's why we're talking about this affecting 2012. And as you guys know, depending whether it's a next phase or a new build, we have to have that kind of headlight on these decisions. But the bottom line is our fill rates, our bookings, our pipeline, the robustness of our pipeline, the demand in those markets and our intelligence of the competitive builds in those markets suggest to us that we have opportunity for more growth. And so you should expect that we'll remain very disciplined on how we do this, on the capital allocation, as well as the return thresholds. There's no change in how we're attacking or making these decisions. Even to the point where we have standing mechanisms now in the regions. And as global and the committee that our board houses that reviews these decisions, we have three sets of filters that to go through before we even make a capital decision. So it's a pretty rigorous process. So you can feel comfortable that we have very good visibility and feel very confident about this decision.
Stephen Smith: Scott, on the second part of the question, as Keith noted, we are going to increase our selling engine capacity here by 30% to 40%. We started the journey at the end of last year. We actually did a couple of things. We hired a specialized search firm to help us find the type of talent that we're looking for, and we've been very, very successful with that. So we're right square in the middle of actually making offers and hiring. And I expect that the majority of that will be done by the end of the first quarter. So we've got a heavy load in front of us the next two months. There'll be some slippage to that. And then the second thing we did is we hired one of the -- we benchmarked the top three training firms in the world and we picked one, and we had them going for four to five months now around the entire globe with sales training tools, methodologies, techniques. And we're just bringing a common look and feel to how we're going to market. But the driver for this, as Keith noted, is with the size of the company today -- and I think most of you, we've been very clear that we've been running with 120 to 125 salespeople around the world. And we're going to increase that by 30%, 40% just to be able to cover the market, be able to better align with global accounts, as I said. And we're organizing them by industry vertical, so we're going to be very ecosystem-focused. We're going to get much sharper on bringing a business and application conversation with our Platform Equinix offering to our customers versus just selling in that market. We're going to be selling the whole global platform. All of these costs are embedded in our guidance. So this is all baked in, has been baked in. And as Keith noted, the size of the gross bookings required, as you look for in '12, '13 and '14, just gets bigger as this thing heads towards $2 billion. And it's a little bit of math, but we're going to cover our accounts much, much stronger. So it'll be a big lever for us. This, we believe, will be one of the prime differentiators of this company going forward. We're going to have one of the best sales engines in our market for sure.
Stephen Smith: Historically, probably eight, nine months. We think we put some things in place that could accelerate that. And Keith and I and the leadership team are hopeful that because of the talent we're hiring, they're coming out of the industry verticals, so they have a Rolodex, they know the game that we're in. I think we can pull that forward to a six-month kind of a window is what we're aiming at.
Stephen Smith: And I think, Colby, on the second question on the fill rates, if I understood the question correctly. Our visibility on the fill rates and the expenditure of this capital is really going to affect us in 2012 and beyond. As Keith and I have said, we're in pretty good shape with capacity in North America and Europe as we look into this year. But the expansion capital that we've outlined today is based on the fill rate analysis that we've seen going forward.
Stephen Smith: At this point, Frank, there is no activity to do that. We're really focused on making all these assets work. It's not to say that at some point, we won't cross that line and plan to divest. But today, I would tell you guys to think about we're going to make these assets work. A lot of these Tier 2 markets are becoming very attractive for us. We have a lot of customers that are deploying in multiple cities, close to their users, close to the edge of the network. So we still have time to play that out. We have all the focus and momentum focused on revenue synergies now. And so we're going to keep pushing hard into those Tier 2 markets.
