Charles J. Meyers: Thanks, Keith. In closing, we delivered a great third quarter with strong flow through into adjusted EBITDA and AFFO and healthy metrics across the board. Today, we're the clear data center market leader and our growth, scale, and innovative product portfolio puts us in a great position to build on a business model that is truly and substantially differentiated from our peers. As we set our sights on 2019, we will focus on the six priorities outlined in my opening remarks, building upon our unparalleled global reach, interconnection and ecosystems, sharpening our focus on driving operating leverage, extending our balance sheet through HIT and enhancing our financial model with accelerated logo capture and new service innovation. These efforts all center on delivering long-term value creation and putting Platform Equinix in the pole position to power digital transformation across the globe. So, let me stop here and open it up for questions.
Charles J. Meyers: Sure. Yeah, I mean there's a number of projects, we've got – I kind of think about HIT as a three-legged stool; they are sort of demand, supply and finance. And the demand side is very strong, very solid pipeline of deals. What you're speaking to is really its supply side. Paris 8 actually is our first HIT facility, I was actually out there last week, walked through the facility, it's in great shape and on track to open, I think in the next few months. So that's tracking well. And there are a number of other projects, we just have not announced them. We have a strong land bank and a number of projects underway in terms of our approvals. They just have not made their way through. And to some degree, we're not waiting on those necessarily to have the joint venture fully underway. So, there are projects underway that we're in the planning phases on, but we just have not announced those as of yet.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. Fair question and one I asked our EMEA team in our operating review. So, we absolutely ought to expect that. And so, when we did the Telecity acquisition, we talked about the fact that there was a delta there and that we believe that the unique value that our cross-connects provide to our customers justify that value. And so there's always a little more complexity than one would hope as you do those integrations and try to get that and put together and obviously some friction in the system in terms of those increases rolling through. But the short answer to your question is, yes, I think that we should continue to see that that rise as we deliver that value to our customers.
Charles J. Meyers: Sure. Lots in there, Colby. So, let me go after one at a time here. As to the priorities and whether what we talked about at our Analyst Day still holds, the answer to that is yes. So, we still are feeling good about those ranges. And then as to what it means for 2019, we're going to come back in February and give you a sense for that. So I think, we still have more work to do in terms of digging through the details of how those priorities will play out and when and how and through what means we'll make the investments in the business and that may all play into our forward year look. But right now, we still feel good about the ranges that we provided at Analyst Day. As to stabilized asset growth, it was like quarter and as we dug into it, there's a number of – and into the underlying drivers, we don't believe that the result reflects any – really an erosion of the business fundamentals. So one, as you talked about and as we said in the script, one is a tough comp that due to again, some of the elevated NRR in Q3 of last year, the churn although it was in line with our expectations, it was a little concentrated in our stabilized assets. And so, I think that impacted – it was in line for what we expected, but it did impact the stabilized asset growth. Now, some of that being Verizon, some of that being organic, but nothing unusual in my mind. There were some specific churns in some stabilized assets associated with multi-tiered architectures coming through. But that's nothing new for us. And so, I don't see anything there that I'm overly concerned about. So normalized for those, that would take us into this sort of 4% neighborhood. That said, 4% is below our historical norms. And I would say that we probably believe that we're going to continue to see a little bit of headwind on that metric due to a couple of factors. First, the 10-gig to 100-gig migrations tend to be concentrated in our interconnection hubs, which are almost all in the stabilized asset pool. And so, as you noticed in the stabilized asset performance, interconnection was down a little bit in that one specifically as well. And so, I think that's part of that. Now we do expect that that's going to taper over the course of 2019. It tends to start with the biggest players because they're the ones with the highest motivation and the wherewithal to do it and then it rolls from there. And so, we do think that will continue through 2019, but taper to some degree through the year. And then secondly, we've got a handful of assets in the stabilized pool, like New York 9, which is 111 8th Avenue in New York, and then Atlanta 2, which is 56 Marietta Street in Atlanta. Both of those are sort of traditional multi-carrier telco hotels, carrier hotels and we're actively migrating customers and trying to actively shift the interconnection density from those sites to our own facilities in those markets whether that'd be Secaucus or our AT1 facility, and we view that as a critical business priority. So, we're stimulating that to happen and when we looked at this site-by-site results in a stabilized asset growth, saw that – and some of that is showing up in that. So, I do think that that's going to be more towards the low-end of kind of where we've been in that sort of 4% neighborhood. And then the last point is the Americas. I think the Americas is an amazing business, $2.5 billion business, approaching 5,000 customers, still growing above the prevailing retail market growth despite having a drag from the Verizon business which is a business about the same size as CoreSite but dead flat. And so we said, we were going to turn that with – as churn mitigates and as we get the new expansions online, and we really feel like Verizon is going to return to growth next year and we think that will provide some lift for the Americas business, but recognizing also that the growth in that business is growing a business that is 23% interconnection and yielding almost $2,400 a cab. So a very attractive business. I think we do have an opportunity over time. One of the priorities you heard me talk about in my six key priorities was continuing to innovate and deliver new services that we believe can have attach rates on top of our cabs (31:46). And that's something – well that's probably not going to impact the number next quarter, the quarter after. We think that's the way we can continue to get juice out of the Americas business over time. So, long question, equally long answer.
Charles J. Meyers: And Jonathan, I think (34:42), but I think your question was a little bit about might that first JV – is that first JV likely to be some sort of – is it going to be comprehensive or regionally focused or what? I would expect it's more likely that we will pick one off that has a particular scope to it and that we will prove that out in terms of a partner in terms that we find acceptable. What I've been telling the team internally here is we've designed the mousetrap, now we got to catch the mouse. And so, I think we'll go catch one in the first quarter that may, in fact, be one that has a more contained scope, and then we would potentially add to that from there. That's certainly a possible scenario in terms of outcomes.
Charles J. Meyers: And then, as to the second question on tethering, very interesting question. And you're right; it's not a new one. But I'm going to go to the end of your question first and simply say that, yes, we believe that continuing to be a neutral party that drive – and an aggregator of traffic continues to be the sort of value creating strategy for the business. Having said that, I also think that it's fair for us to get a return on our investment – our substantial investment that we've made to build the ecosystems at scale inside of our facilities. And so, call it a tax, call it a toll, call it what you will, but as appropriate when people are tethering in to gain access to that value, we'll price our services appropriately to get a return on the investment that we and our shareholders have made. And so, I think that's perfectly appropriate for the business. We will make sure that people can access infrastructure across – from their facilities into ours when that's appropriate, and a lot of our hyperscale customers, for example, do that aggressively and we embrace that and want them to continue to be able to do that. Carrier customers who are delivering value across the ecosystem, we want to embrace that and continue to empower and enable them. But providers who are directly competitive and saying, basically, you can get cheaper services, but the ecosystem value of Equinix, that's something where, again, we want to maintain an open posture, but we also believe that we should be fairly rewarded for the investment and the value we've put into that ecosystem. So, that's kind of our posture relative to that topic.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. Thanks, Simon. So hitting the first one, yeah, if you read the priorities, there are definitely some of those where we use words like expand and invest, and augment, and it takes dollars to do those things. And so, what I think we're going through the process of now, as any company should, is saying, okay, what are our priorities as a company, what resources are available to us, how do we stack rank those, and to the extent we can self-fund those investment priorities, we will seek to do that. At the same time, if we believe there are areas where we need to make investments, we'll look at doing that and figure out what the appropriate means of doing that is. And I think, sometimes, those might be OpEx dollars and sometimes those might be CapEx dollars. And so, we're really sorting through all of that, and I think really won't have, I think, the details on that until we sort of go into the full 2019 plan, and solidify that; and, we'll share that with you in February.
Charles J. Meyers: Sure. So starting with EMEA, and I would say this is true across the board. As we look at Q4 and into next year and one of the things that we've really improved over the last couple of years is our forward visibility on the pipe and used to be that we struggled beyond the next quarter. But I think we've really enhanced that and driven the sales discipline to have better visibility into the pipeline. And I think we have strong pipeline across all three regions. EMEA does have a really strong supply pipeline in terms of capacity and the projects and the investments that we're making there and again that business has performed very well. EMEA has a little bit of a different mix. It has a slightly higher – large footprint mix. It's a bit of a different market in a number of ways, but that business continues to perform very well and deliver solid returns and we expect that that will continue into 2019 and beyond. Relative to the new services, I think there's a variety of things, at the interconnection layer, ECX Fabric will continue to add the inter-regional element to ECX Fabric. That product is growing ahead of its business case, in terms of both circuits, ports, virtual circuits, revenue and so we feel very good about that business. We have talked about other augments to our business in terms of delivering things in the area of network function virtualization and services that we might be able to easily deliver sort of best-in-class virtualized functions to our customers as add-on services to our performance hub type implementations. And so that's something that we are partnering with some very large players to bring forward and we think that we'll not only be able to bring their solutions, which our customers are demanding, but we'll be able to some degree mobilize their channel on our behalf which we're very excited about. And then beyond that, I think there is a set of investments that we in services, in terms of how we can make our platform a more accessible, more easier to use, higher value-added digital transformation platform and that I won't be overly precise here in terms of what exactly that looks like, but simply to say I think there are a number of things we can do to make it easier for service providers, for example, to view platform Equinix as a place where they can deliver their value to end customers. And a place where enterprise customers can consume that value more effectively. So some ways it is going to be about ease of use API, developer toolkits, those kind of things that really make the platform more accessible. So stay tuned and I think that will be an ongoing investment for us over the coming years.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. I won't quantify it specifically other than to say that we have – we probably have way more demand in the pipeline than we would be able to or want to satisfy. And so, as you guys know, our posture relative to the large footprint hyperscaler demand is that, it is something that we want to participate in because we believe is accretive to our premium retail strategy. And so, we'll be selective about participating there. You know in the right assets, we'll put in – once we get the HIT assets, once we get the JV structured and we might have more balance sheet firepower that doesn't create opportunity cost in our retail business, we may step up the level of aggression. But right now, I would say that we're going to be selective about that business and again there's, right now, way more demand that that hyperscale community would like to work with us on than we probably have the ability to do. So, we'll continue to work with them. We'll prioritize projects based on their needs and then based on what fits for us and we'll try to select and build facilities to take the right kinds of business. I would also just highlight that our relationship with hyperscalers go well beyond the large footprint. And as you can recall in my Analyst Day presentation, I showed you that that's a $0.5 billion a year business with hyperscalers today and growing at a highly over-indexed rate relative to the rest of our business. And two-thirds of that is really below the retail – is really retail business and highly interconnected, both on the A side and the Z side. And so, we're going to continue to push that pedal down on that side of the hyperscaler business with every bit of energy and effort that we can. And then, on hyperscale's large footprint side, we'll be selective, and then probably step things up as the JVs come to bear.
Charles J. Meyers: Sure. So development pipeline first, I do think that what we tend to find is things sort of come in waves. And so, I think we saw that we're in the midst of a European sort of capacity wave. I think that if you look at the broader and deeper pipeline, I think that does tend to start to balance out a little bit more. Although, again, as Keith said earlier, when the other two regions are growing at 13% and 14%, respectively, those are probably going to take on more of the development dollars over time. So I think you will see some balancing of that, because there's also meaningful investments that we'll make in the Americas, as we talked about, sort of the Infomart master plan there in Dallas and those kind of things. So I think you'll see some balancing of that. But again, we feel like we've got opportunities across the regions, but the growth is more substantial in EMEA and APAC. As to the pipeline, again, good performance across our verticals, and we continue to see it in virtually every segment. The pipeline is at its high in terms of historically, and so – I would say one thing on the networks. Networks – one, we're seeing both continued sell-to demand, meaning they're – as they sort of reorient their networks towards a cloud world and continue to invest in those, and then also, wireless continues to be a strong segment for us. But network, we're seeing a lot of sell-through business as well to the enterprise. And so, certainly a portion of our network pipeline is actually aimed at the enterprise. And so, we tried to characterize that internally here. And right now, I would say that the enterprise pipeline, when you look at everything that we're selling both through our NSP partners and other partners alongside our strategic alliance partners, and directly with our enterprise selling team, is a really strong market that's over-indexing materially relative to the overall pipe. And again, our motion right now, though, is even our channel motion is largely a sell with motion. And so, it's not yet a really true fully empowered indirect channel that's going to bring those things to market on – bring offers to market on its own. We believe there's a way to change that and simplify it and skew things more effectively into the channel, and that's a priority for us to try to make that happen. And I think we could accelerate things if we can do that. But right now, the channel is working a little bit more as a sell with, but really bringing a strong new logo demand because of their position with the customer decision makers.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, John. I mean, in our prepared remarks, we actually talked about the performance of both Infomart and Metronode and the fact that we're stepping up the revenues. In fact, the performance of Metronode and our ability to integrate these assets more efficiently and at speed than previously anticipated has allowed us to turn it from a deal that was going to be accretive after a period of time to being accretive immediately. And so, we're seeing performance and part of the reason you're seeing the step up in revenue guidance, again we took revenues up $15 million this quarter before the currency dilution. That's because of the acquisitions. So bottom-line is we're delighted, that when we buy these businesses, integrate them into our run rate or platform. And then, as Charles alluded to in the case of Infomart, which is more an asset purchase have started to develop the master plan associated with that acquisition and the available land, that puts us in a very good position relative to where we originally were. Still, a lot of work to do. No surprise, but we're integrating all the assets and we had eight integrations underway this year and we're almost through them all. Does not mean there won't be a little bit of work to do next year, but by and large, we're taking down our integration cost. We're at the tail end of it and we just have to tidy up some things as we go into 2019, but we're in a very good position.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah. So, let me take the first one, Jonathan. As it relates – as Charles said, it's a three legged stool. We absolutely have the demand as it relates to HIT. We also absolutely have the potential financing partners and the opportunity to finance, and so it's making sure we develop the supply on an appropriate basis. That supply is going to come in multiple markets, as you probably can appreciate. And Jim Smith and his leadership team are working hard to continue to develop assets that can be discretely placed off balance sheet versus on balance sheet. As you're aware, Jonathan, we do some of our work, already, on balance sheet. We referred to, last quarter, London 9 and 10 as an example where we've got hybrid facilities and HIT deployments that have moved into those assets. But what we want to make sure as we look forward, we want to have – we want to line up our financing partners with the same type of ideology that we have on how to fund the business. And so, that might mean that we have discrete partners in different markets of the world and, in some cases, we might have a regional partner, a JV partner. Rest assured, Jim, Charles and I as well as others are working hard with our financial partners to identify the opportunities, but recognize that this is something that we'll share more with you as we get further down the road. But suffice it to say there is the opportunity, there is the demand, and there will be the supply, and we feel very, very good about our HIT business as it stands today.
Keith D. Taylor: Simon, just maybe – just adding on to what Charles has said, it's not like we haven't been investing in our go to market and new product initiatives as well. And so, it's a continued expansion of the decisions that we've made previously. And under Charles' leadership, what we're going to do is really focus in and emphasize the areas of investment. And so, I just want you to feel comfortable that a lot of it is in our run rate; does not mean that we will not make sizable investments. That'll be something we'll determine at the time as we size the opportunity in front of us. But the point that we really need to make is we are a different company. We have a point of differentiation and we're going to invest around that as being the global interconnection provider with all the different products and services that get attached to that. Having said that, and going to your second question, which is really important on going back to the ATM, the use of the ATM and our leverage posture, we still as a company have a very balanced view on making sure that we raise both debt and equity as appropriate. As you're also aware we generate a lot of cash flow as reflected in our AFFO metric. So as a business just naturally with our growth we're going to de-lever. I think – not I think, when we talked to you at the Analyst Day we said a few things. Number one, revenue was going to grow 8% to 10%. FFO was going to grow 8% to 12% within those ranges over the period through 2022. And that was reflective of an environment where at times it might be at the lower end of the range and from an AFFO perspective to reflect funding requirements when we do a discrete funding, whether it's debt or equity. And so, our view is that we're going to grow revenue, we're going to grow our EBITDA margin and we're going to fund roughly $10 billion of capital as well as a growing cash dividend. And with that will require us to raise some additional capital. We will always have a balanced view to raising that capital with a posture of we want to get to investment grade and we think we can get there in a reasonable timeframe, under just current course and speed and being mindful about where we raise our capital and how we grow our business. And my belief is that that's something that can happen on a reasonably short time period. Whether you think 12 to 24 months is reasonable, that's what I think is reasonable, getting to investment grade while you're deleveraging the business because of growth. But overall, we are going to bring balance into our capital structure and the impact of AFFO this quarter was roughly $0.05 with the shares that we raised on an AFFO per share basis and about $0.11 for the year. And so we want to continue to make sure we balance that, we think about it in our forward guide with the debt and the equity and we'll continue to update you accordingly as we raise more capital for our future growth opportunities.
Keith D. Taylor: Yeah. Jordan, first and foremost, when you look at the MRR step-up, again we had the highest incremental organic step-up this quarter in Q3. As I look forward to the guide for Q4, we're using a guidance range of roughly $10 million on a revenue basis. If you look at the midpoint taking into consideration the midpoint or if you even take it up more to the higher end of the range, you'll see that there is another meaningful step-up in recurring revenue because we're actually, we're guiding, we're probably going to take $2 million out of the quarter-over-quarter increase in non-recurring revenue. Or said differently, Q4 non-recurring revenue will be that or will be below that of Q3 non-recurring revenue. So we're seeing a meaningful step-up in Q4 recurring revenue as well.
Keith D. Taylor: Well, certainly the Americas as Charles alluded, I think we're having great success in the business and we'll continue to grow. But frankly speaking, you've got 13% and 14% organic growth in the other two regions on a sort of organic, normalized and constant currency basis, so a lot of that growth, more than 50% of our business resides outside the U.S. now and so the majority of the growth will come from outside of the U.S.
Keith D. Taylor: Great. As it relates to utility hedges, one of the things I just want to share with you and probably no surprise to anybody, there's regulated and unregulated markets and the regulated market is very little we can do. As it relates to the unregulated markets, we put hedges in place and we're always looking at buying forward in anticipation of future consumption, not only what we consume today but what we think we will consume tomorrow. And so, just make the underlying assumptions that we're always putting hedges in place appropriately and hedging out roughly 70% of our exposure. Again markets are volatile and so we want to always let something float. As it relates to green initiative, again we've invested heavily in alternative sources of energy. As you're aware, whether it's solar or wind or otherwise, we're making sure that we stick to our commitment of becoming carbon neutral as it relates to our consumption. And frankly, that's costing us money today. And the order of magnitude is roughly $10 million a year and that's an investment we've made this year. It was in our guidance, but it reflects that there is a need to become more green. It's a demand of our customers and a requirement as table stakes I would argue and therefore, we've made an investment. Now, certainly there's dynamics in – what we call our prior purchase arrangements with our service providers. It's going to fluctuate year-over-year depending on market conditions and the prevailing price of power on a kilowatt basis. But, this year, we are making an investment and we will continue to make investments, all else being equal. But, power is a relatively important one. It's a relatively – it's our largest variable component. It represents between sort of 11.5% and about 12.2% of our revenue depending on the quarter and so, of course, it's a meaningful mountain and if you think about a 10 basis point move, that's $5 million a year. So that's something that we pay very close attention to and with rising rates, some of it we can pass through to our customers, some of them unfortunately we consume ourselves. That is a higher cost and we have to find other ways to mitigate the exposure associated with higher utility prices. And so, we're doing that as a business and again, under the leadership of Charles and our team, we're focused very highly in making sure we can offset some of these incremental costs with other ways of running the business more efficiently, including making sure we also have incremental hedges put in place as appropriate.
Keith D. Taylor: So, sorry, (47:00) was just reminding me of the second question which was HIT structures. I think all structures are still on the table quite frankly. We're working with different partners. As Charles alluded back that he met partner last week in Europe, there's partners in Asia, certainly partners all throughout the U.S. and elsewhere, in North America. And so we'll continue to look at sort of the best structure for ourselves and of course our partner to reflect on whatever the best outcome is. But right now, it'd probably look more like a JV structure than anything else. But I think it just depends on the level of supply that we create and over what period of time. And that will determine if there's other ways that we would approach it such as fund – a JV structure versus a fund structure versus something maybe different. And recognizing, one of the first thing that we might do is, we do it on balance sheet. Sometimes we can't get it off balance sheet, there's very discrete reasons or is the hybrid facility. And again, we're going to make sure it's the highest and best use of our capital but we want to move most of this off balance sheet if we can, as we continue to get some momentum here on the billings side. We'll start to break out some of those details for you in the future, but it's not material enough right now in our results to adjust, but certainly as we get into 2019 and certainly 2020, I think it will be more of a discussion that we'll be having on this subject.
Keith D. Taylor: One of the things we said previously that you should expect it to grow at or above our stabilized asset growth, again, it's going to be very specific to the decisions we make. As you know, we sell across the platform. And we think – if you look at the Verizon assets in a very discrete way, that's one way to look at it. We actually don't look at it that way. We look across our entire portfolio. But it's fair to say that we would likely see it growing at a stabilized asset level or better, but we also want to make sure we manage our inventory in a very positive way and push the customers to highest and best use principles in the right IBXs with the right applications. And what I would just say...
Keith D. Taylor: One other thing I'd just say, this quarter we had a slight increase in – if you look at (55:46) which you can't see it anymore, we've fully integrated the business, but the Verizon assets moved up this quarter – sorry – the Verizon revenue increased this quarter over last quarter. Part of it was for – there's some non-recurring activity as well. But we are starting to see the stabilization of the base, again, recognizing that – we acquired the business and we grew it substantially, but originally, when this asset was acquired and the 8-K that we filed when we did the transaction, as you know there was a deterioration in revenue associated with the asset prior to our ownership. We've been able to stabilize it. We're investing in the core assets. We're integrating to our standards and we're investing in both physical assets and human capital assets across the portfolio, and we think we're making a tremendous difference. As we step back, we are absolutely delighted with the acquisition and how it's performing. Clearly, we like revenue to continue to step up and the turn to abate. We think that is realistically going to happen because the gross booking activity inside the portfolio of assets is strong. And so, now that we have a strong portfolio, once we can get the turn to abate and continue to make our investments, I think – it's my belief that you'll see the Verizon assets grow nicely on a go-forward basis.
