Charles Meyers: Thanks, Keith. Our record of strong and consistent operating performance continued in 2022, and I'm proud of how the team delivered value for our customers and our shareholders. In 2023 and beyond, we believe the opportunity for our business remains significant as enterprises and service providers alike look to Platform Equinix as their key digital infrastructure partner to advance their digital transformation agenda. To expand our market leadership, reinforce our competitive advantage and drive sustained value creation, the leadership team and I have outlined a clear set of priorities for the coming year. First, we intend to press our advantage in our interconnected colo franchise, continuing to scale and evolve our best-in-class bookings engine, delivering on key projects to enhance operating leverage, further extending our superior global reach, refining processes and systems to enhance the Equinix experience for our customers and partners, and integrating our sustainability leadership into our services in ways that better help our customers meet their commitments to environmental and social responsibility. Second, we intend to continue to enrich our platform value proposition by accelerating our digital services growth, delivering a more unified set of platform capabilities and by investing in ecosystem enablement, empowering key partners to bring their value to our platform more quickly and easily and allowing us to leverage their significant go-to-market reach. And we will advance these priorities by continuing to cultivate a culture that remains firmly people-first. We're committed to making Equinix a place that attracts, inspires and develops the best talent in our industry, cultivating an in-service-to mindset and creating a place where every person every day can say, "I'm safe, I belong and I matter." In closing, our business remains well positioned. Despite a challenging macroeconomic and sociopolitical environment, digital transformation remains a clear priority across all industries and digital leaders will continue to harness our trusted platform to bring together and interconnect the foundational infrastructure that powers their success. In that vein, we're pleased to welcome Tom Olinger to our Board of Directors. As the longtime CFO at Prologis, Tom has extensive international operating experience spanning real estate and technology, which will benefit our business. I'd also like to thank Budd Lyons for his exceptional service and contributions to the growth and success of the Company over the past 15 years as he rotates off the Board. So let me stop there and open it up for questions.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Thanks, Simon. Yes, both questions, we fully expected would be there. In terms of the overall macro environment, I would say, I think that the discussion has been interesting in terms of the cloud providers talking about customers being a bit more cautious. I think in specifics around customers who have really significantly expanded their investment in cloud and the workloads they're moving to cloud, et cetera, and many of whom I think have said, "Wow, cloud -- our cloud bill has gone crazy on us, and we really need to step back and take a look at that." I do think that we see some of that dynamic. We actually see that dynamic, to some degree, playing in our favor in that customers are actually, one, sort of saying, "Hey, what are -- it's not blindly sort of everything to cloud. It is really what is the appropriate mix of infrastructure requirements and how are we going to use the various clouds and how we're going to do that effectively? And how are we going to have the agility to move things between clouds?" And so, I think we've seen customers really, one, very committed to their digital transformation agenda; two, I do think that they -- even though they have that commitment, it's probably in the context of a sort of a broader belt-tightening environment for overall budgets. And so, I do think they're being appropriately cautious about their investments. I think that they are -- we're seeing that they are -- I heard one CEO characterize it as measure twice, cut once in terms of how customers are thinking about their investments. But we definitely see them leaning in on digital overall. And I would say that we -- even in the cloud space, the amount of adds that are going in and the incremental revenue that the cloud providers are adding is still absolutely staggering. And in terms of overall quantum, it's quite consistent. It's coming down because the growth rates are coming down because you're on a very huge base. But overall, I think people still very committed to hybrid and multi-cloud as their architecture of choice. And I think they're really viewing Equinix as a key partner in figuring out how to appropriately manage and efficiently manage infrastructure costs going forward. So while we are seeing, I think, and people being appropriately cautious in a macro environment that would dictate that, we're still quite optimistic about the overall demand profile in our pipeline. And our conversion rates continue to sort of make us feel confident in that. And then the second one, relative to the power pass-through, we feel very good. We've got -- we've communicated that out to customers. We've had a lot of inquiries. Most of those inquiries are simply about explaining and providing them additional information on the charges. And so to this point, we feel very confident that we're -- continue to feel very confident we're going to get full recovery of that. And we'll continue to update you as we learn more. But right now, all systems go.
Charles Meyers: Sure. Yes. Again, we're very excited. As evident in the guide, we continue to feel very optimistic about the top line of the business. Obviously, it's a bit elevated with the power price pass-through. But even on an adjusted basis, excluding that 9% to 10%, which is above the long-term guide that we had provided at the Analyst Day. So, I think it reflects the overall strength in the business. And we're seeing really across-the-board strength. I think in colo and interconnection, in digital services and really across the regions. And we're seeing a combination of solid volume and very strong pricing. And so, I definitely think pricing is going to continue to contribute, and that is separate and apart from the power price increase. Even if you take that 9% to 10%, I think us increasing list pricing, which I think in sort of an inflationary environment, we have to demonstrate that we can do that. And I think we're having good success with that. So, I think the colo business remains strong, unit volumes on colo interconnection growing at 13%. Again, we saw slightly softer unit adds there, but I think we feel like that will probably normalize through the course of the year. And then digital services, we came off a really strong quarter. 2022 was really, I think, the front end of an inflection point of really, people saying, this is a great way for us to think about how to really use the power of the interconnected edge at Equinix in new ways. And so, I think we're going to see great strength there. The Americas business performed -- '22 is just an amazing year for the Americas business. I think EMEA really demonstrated some strength coming off the back end of the interconnection price increases and continuing to really evolve that portfolio to the retail suite. And then Asia is our fastest-growing region at 17%. So again, I feel very good that we've got pretty comprehensive strength in volume and in price across products and across geographies.
Charles Meyers: Sure, yes. Generally, I think that the book-to-bill, we have not seen any extensions of book-to-bill. I think in terms of quote to book, in other words, what's the sales cycle, I think we're seeing some anecdotal evidence of this sort of measure twice, cut once. But again, the team has -- is seeing strong conversion rates, solid pipeline and continue to feel good overall. So haven't seen any material change, although again, anecdotal evidence that you're seeing a little just caution in terms of customers really making sure that they're buying exactly what they need in the right amounts. And that's not surprising in sort of the macro kind of environment that we have. And then, Keith, I don't know if you have any further comment on book-to-bill and then xScale.
Charles Meyers: Sure, yes. I mean, the power pass-through is a really easy one to think through. It's on the order of $350 million on the revenue line and on the expense line. So -- and it's just -- and that's really what causes the 500 bp increase on the revenue line, obviously, without corresponding flow through to EBITDA. And so that impacts the EBITDA margin. But on a normalized basis, so as reported 45% guide but a normalized or excluding that 48%, which we think continues to look very good. And so -- and in terms of power price increases on the rest of the portfolio, I think we're seeing it -- we're going kind of across the board in space, power as well as in the digital services, making adjustments that we think are appropriate in the market. And part of that is just reflecting the increasing expense environment and some of the costs inside of the business that are going up. But then part of that is also just, I think, a really strong reflection of the value we deliver to the customer. And so, I think you're going to -- you're seeing the growth is certainly partially driven by strong pricing, and that's pretty consistent across the space, power and interconnect.
Charles Meyers: Yes. And Frank, I'd offer that in a sort of -- we've become very adept at sort of managing and optimizing sort of the overall return profile in the business. And as you look at the current environment, which is strong underlying demand signal, high utilization rates in some markets, particularly we have some markets that are quite tight, it really gives us the opportunity as we look at how to optimize to not only sort of in a rising rate environment, look at how to optimize that and upon renewal, either take unutilized capacity and resell it at significantly higher rates or, in some cases, look to do that proactively. And so, I do think that, that works well for us as we continue to demonstrate that we've got a level of pricing power in the business.
Charles Meyers: And of course, the overall quantum in 2023 is much larger, as I described earlier. And so -- but that's -- but I think we're clear on that in terms of how that affects both revenue and margins.
Charles Meyers: Sure. A couple of areas, one is definitely on that ecosystem enablement side. We've got to make it easier for partners to bring their value to the platform. And so I think in terms of how we think about enabling them from the software side with APIs, richer APIs and easier -- an easier experience for customers and partners improving our portal and our software level, programmatic engagement opportunities at the API level, that's clearly going to be an area of investment. And then making the platform easier to use and more consistent. I think we -- that's one of the things we've heard from our channel partners, making it easier for them to quote and order and deliver our services, that's going to be a continued area of investment for us as well.
Charles Meyers: So in terms of the Analyst Day, I mean, I think we'll -- that will actually be progressed well into the year, and I think we'll be able to give you a continued update on momentum in a number of areas. But I think we'll also continue to give you visibility in how we're evolving, driving the evolution to a more comprehensive platform value proposition. We'll really talk about being the infrastructure platform of choice for customers as they implement hybrid and multi-cloud as the architecture of choice. And so, I think updating you on what that means for our sort of traditional interconnected colo business and what that means for expansion of the platform, continued improvement of the customer experience. And then on the digital services side, how we'll continue to evolve the platform in terms of the service offerings with probably a real focus on Metal as a foundational piece of that. And then also on cloud networking. Networking is definitely an area of value add that we have always had for our customers and I think an area that we can continue to evolve the platform in terms of how we make it easier for customers to interconnect a variety of forms of infrastructure in a very cloud-centric world. And so, I think we'll talk you through those evolutions of the strategy and update you on where we're making investments and how we see the long-term outlook playing out as a result.
Charles Meyers: Yes. I mean, we're definitely seeing strong fill rates and that's informing the continued investment in the development pipeline for sure. And I would say that we're -- so that's -- I think that's -- and I think we're seeing -- we're underwriting to return profiles in light of that, that I think are very consistent with what we've seen in the past. I definitely do think, on the second part of your question, that we are -- we've seen a meaningful uptick in cost, and we are expecting and anticipating and managing toward increases in pricing to maintain a consistent return profile. And thus far, I think we're seeing that our ability to have those price increases materialize in the market, in other words, our pricing power remains strong. So I think -- and in terms of whether they're stabilizing, I do think that, as Keith said, the supply chain situation, I think, is a bit more stable, and we were, I think, due to a good strong execution on our part and our scale and some of the capabilities we have, I think we managed it quite effectively. And I think we're continuing to be diligent about that going forward. So, I think we've stabilized a lot of the risks on the supply chain side. Labor is tight still in some markets. And there, like for example, in France, where with the Olympics coming up, it's just finding the ability to advance those projects on the time lines that you want is a challenging task for sure. So, I would say the labor piece is probably the one on the supply chain that is a little bit more an area to watch for us. But overall, I think we feel very good about the underwriting, a lot of it still going into our core campuses that have sort of a really, really well-established track record of fill rate. But we're also seeing some of our newer edge markets continue to perform well ahead of expectations. So yes, big development pipeline, managing it well and I think feeling good about our ability to sort of perform to that underwriting.
Charles Meyers: Yes, great question. Starting on the interaction, look, we feel really good about the interconnection business overall growing at 13%. We're clearly being able to make adjustments to interconnection pricing alongside broader list prices, so the pricing element is strong there. As I said, we did see a little weaker -- Q4 is seasonally a bit weaker, but definitely, this Q4 is weaker than prior Q4s. And I think there is some consolidation. I think it's partially due to just, as I said, the behavior of customers for -- interconnection is probably as close to we have to a usage-based service. It was -- some of our digital services are more usage based. But in the colo environment, that's as close as we have to usage-based services. When people -- things start to get paid, people immediately look at the things they can impact the fastest. And so I think it's pretty common for them to look at the portfolio and say, do I have interconnection I'm not using or that's underutilized that I could consolidate on the higher circuits? And I think that's some of the dynamic that we're seeing. So, I'd expect to -- and then we did see a little bit of, in terms of these virtual BCs to cloud ZNs, a little lighter on gross adds, still very healthy gross adds, by the way, because the cloud -- I think cloud and workload migration continues very full tilt and despite sort of what people are saying about the reducing growth rates of their cloud business, we're still seeing that very. But it is a little bit lower in terms of gross adds than it was. And so -- but I think that we tend to see that -- those kinds of dynamics as something that's a bit of a burst of activity as people go through budget cycles and then they kind of run out of gas on their ability to sort of squeeze more out of that. And so we'll monitor it closely. I continue to feel like the bottom line is that customers really see our interconnection platform as fundamental to how they're thinking about go-forward hybrid and multi-cloud architectures. And so, I think the demand profile for the business for the interconnection over the long term is going to continue to be really strong. And then on the second part around digital services, I definitely think that we're starting to see a realization from customers and the ability of our sales teams to articulate that services like Metal and their ability to deliver more on-demand infrastructure that can help customers be more agile is something we're seeing an inflection point on. We won some very marquee deals in Q4 of last year. I think we're seeing very large service provider and enterprise customers starting to sort of test the waters. I think they see it as an opportunity to reduce their life cycle management of technology obligations and I think to be a lot more agile in how they implement infrastructure. And so, I think we're definitely seeing the front edge of that. I think we're seeing a lot of excitement about things like VMware Cloud on Equinix Metal. And so I think that we'll continue to be quite optimistic about that piece of the business. But we're definitely learning how to effectively sell that and how to sort of get in front of different personas. And I know Karl and the go-to-market teams are really evolving our approach in those areas, but we feel very optimistic about it.
Charles Meyers: I think it helps it in many respects. I think overall, people are looking for a way to advance the digital agenda that they have and do it as efficiently and as effectively and with as much agility as possible. And so again, we've seen strong demand. I think that the -- those services that are more on-demand, more agile, I do think, have an increasing level of appeal to customers.
Keith Taylor: Yes. The only other thing I would say in book-to-bill, last year, there were some supply chain constraints. We don't foresee any meaningful amount of that this year as it relates to the installation of our customers, so continue to be optimistic about that. And as it relates to xScale, I was just saying in the prepared remarks, you can see that there's a tremendous amount of capacity that we're building across our xScale sort of portfolio. And it's exciting. And so as that relates to not only the opportunity, and not counter to Simon's maybe worried bit, we're seeing the -- a lot of volume opportunities sitting inside the xScale business. So that's good. And then from a price point, no surprise, costs have moved up and pricing, therefore, has moved up to recover that cost and get the appropriate returns. So, I feel good from both perspectives. One, there's the volume that's there. There's the activity that we're building to support that volume, and we're getting the price points and the returns that we feel are appropriate for this juncture.
Keith Taylor: And Frank, let me just maybe add on to what Charles said there. As we think about our business, and I said this at the Analyst Day two years ago and we'll certainly update you in the June Analyst Day coming, but when you think about pricing, historically, it was running at about 6% of our bookings. And we've said that price increases are in the range of 3% to 5% and our stabilized revenue -- our stabilized assets are growing at recurring revenue at 6% right now. So, I think you're going to get it from a number of different spots: number one, inflation. You've got the inflationary impact, and of course, that is going to move the pricing up higher than where we historically have been. And Charles was also alluding to the fact we also are moving list pricing. And so, when you look at list pricing, plus you've got the inflationary increases and then you've got the PPIs in addition to adding what we think is great value across our set of products and services, you have a broader influence coming from not just -- you have quantity but you have price. And I think that's something that we'll continue to sort of track and update you on as we come to the June Analyst Day, as I said.
Keith Taylor: Yes, the average is two to three. Again, I don't have any more refined than that. That just gives you an indication of how things will renew. And as a result, one of the things I said at least in my prepared remarks is when you look at price increases relative to price decreases, we always talk about net positive pricing actions and you've heard us mention that quarter after quarter for years. It's a reflection that it's a living and breathing organism. And that there's always going to be movement and you're renegotiating with your customers. And some people, you'll adjust down, but the bias is towards price increases, not only because that's how the model works, but you're really going to see that come through as again, you feel the inflationary impacts, you go through the power price increases, and it manifests itself in our -- on a currency-adjusted MRR per cabinet number across all three regions. And that will continue to be something that we will monitor very, very closely.
Keith Taylor: So Singapore, let me step back first. And when I talk -- when we think about Q4, which obviously is the most current guide, you see that we did slightly better than we guided to despite some of the movements. And as we sort of mentioned in the last call, we normally accelerate some costs into fourth quarter, largely for repairs and maintenance and some outside consulting work. And we expect it, our utility costs, to go up largely because of the seasonal aspect, less about the Singapore PPIs but the seasonal aspect. And part of the reason that we did a little bit better was those utility rates didn't go up as much as we anticipated. And then we've seen some moderation in price. Price and power is still inflated but moderated relative to some of our assumptions. So when you look at the fourth quarter, I would say that it performed exactly as we anticipated with a little bit of benefit attributed to power savings and really with the operating performance and then better revenues. Specifically to Singapore though, when we look at the sort of the net hit for Singapore last year, think of it in the order of magnitude of $50 million to $60 million. The reason I'm giving you a range is there was a substantial increase or a weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Singapore dollar. And so when you look at the net impact, it had a little bit of a knock-on effect on our results because obviously, you're absorbing a cost at a higher exchange rate. And so that would -- that gives you a sense of where we are in Singapore. As you then sort of fast forward to 2023, one of the things that we had mentioned in 2022 for the costs that we do not recover from Singapore in 2022 because we were out of market, market has moved to Equinix and part of the recovery that you're seeing and it's embedded in that $350 million is basically recovering cost that -- the cost increase in Singapore that we didn't recover in 2022. So it gives you a sense, there's think of, again, in the order of magnitude of $50 million to $60 million, is that number that you should be thinking about.
Keith Taylor: Does that answer your question, Mike? I want to make sure that we -- because you're asking about the P&L. I want to make sure that we hit that question for you.
Keith Taylor: No. I mean, it's relatively -- is consistent with what we said. I mean, part of what you're getting is a normalized versus a normalized without power pass-through. And so the difference between those two is we're saying that if -- we would have done a little bit better had we not been exposed to that Singapore exposure.
Keith Taylor: Yes, definitely. Let me give you a little color on that, Mike. So we -- the investments that we were -- and I've talked about this in a few different forums, that we're holding a pretty tight line on G&A. We are definitely investing in the go-to-market engine so that's a clear area of investment. I think we'll be approaching closer to 700 quota-bearing heads. And so we've definitely made that investment. Some of those are -- many of those were already on board at our Connect sales event -- sales kickoff event and are raring to go for the year. But we're still adding some as we speak. Product is really not an area of significant incremental investment, but we are adapting sort of exactly how we're spending our product level investments. Scott Crenshaw has come in on the digital services side, and I think we're evolving our areas of focus. We're going to continue to focus on -- we think Metal continues to have significant opportunity. Network Edge is continuing to see momentum in the market. But I think evolving Metal to be a more foundational platform for the ecosystem to bring value to our platform is something we see a lot of value in. And so, we're excited about the VMC on Equinix that partnership with VMware. And I think that's sort of more of sort of the color of things to come in terms of more investment in the ecosystem. And so, I think that's something you're going to see. And then we're also going to probably make some efficiency and continued efficiency programs that we think are going to drive long-term, either power efficiencies in terms of PUE improvement, and/or labor efficiencies in the business because we do believe that at some point down the road, we're going to have to use margin expansion as a way to drive AFFO per share growth. If you look at the current guide, it's really being driven by top line growth and then flow through, right? And so -- and we're -- but at a very healthy margin. So absent the PPI, we're at about 48% margin, a little bit of an increase, about 10 bps from where we would have been in 2022. We would have been higher than that because we are delivering operating leverage on G&A and other areas of the business. But we've reinvested it into those areas that I just described for you.
Keith Taylor: So let me take the first question, David, and thanks for doing the math. So let me start off at the highest level. We expect to book more in 2023 than we booked on a net basis than we did in 2022. So you can see that the business is going to continue to perform at a nice clip. There's a lot of non-recurring activities that go on in the business, particularly around xScale. But I would say that xScale, in addition, we expect to do more in 2023 than we did in 2022. You've got some currency movements and some relatively meaty movements. But currency is now starting to feel like it's at our back. But as I said, 2023 rates are still below the average rates of 2022, and so you're taking a little bit of a hit. And the order of magnitude of that hit, just to give you a sense on the averages is about $160 million to the top line. So you've got a little bit going on there, but I think if you go back just to the fundamentals, all else being equal, if currencies continue to move as they had been, although we've been a little bit of a blip over the last couple of weeks, another 10% move in currencies is a substantial uplift in our revenues. And so not only would it recapture the averages that we saw in 2022, it would give you more wind at your back for 2023. And so bottom line is there's nothing fundamental. We're obviously giving you a little bit wider range, given the economic environment that we're operating in today. That was very deliberate and it's very early in the year. And so for those reasons, I say, look, that's the guide. It's got a wide range and we're planning to execute against the plan that I just mentioned.
Keith Taylor: And Eric, let me just add maybe to what Charles has said. And again, in our prepared remarks, one of the things that was really important that we wanted to share with our -- the group here is the fact that we're funding the business. So, we not only have the cash on the balance sheet, we're bringing capital -- more capital on the balance sheet to fund 49 major projects that we've at least announced thus far across many metros. And we're going to be in 75 metros in not too far from now. So, you got a sense, one, the capital plan is increasing. We think we've got the supply chain well secured. We have a really good procurement team and strategic sourcing team that makes sure that we have the resources available. And then you've got a global design and construction team, they're doing just an excellent job delivering the capacity as quickly as we can deliver it. And it's tough out there in some markets. But I think it was really important to understand not only the volume there, we've got strategic planning, sourcing in place. We have the capital that we need. And we're setting ourselves up to fund all those things through 2023 and put us in a really good position as we start 2024. And so leverage is not going to shift in any meaningful way so it gives us that enhanced flexibility. And at the same time, we've all effectively prefunded a lot of the costs into the model, and we are now enjoying the benefits of this large expansion or this growth initiative that Charles has alluded to, both on the physical side and on the digital side. And so, it's the combination of all those things that really give us -- make us feel very good about our capital plan, our balance sheet and the liquidity position we're in right now.
