Keith D. Taylor: Gray, I mean, ultimately, you're absolutely right. What we have now done is start to identify the projects we're embedded in, in that cushion. And so our DC11 site and the expansion into DC10 is an example of our Sydney and Singapore. So we fully intend to spend somewhere between $700 million and $800 million this year, and it is fair to say that you should probably shoot for the midpoint of that right now, and then we'll update you as the year progresses. But we fully intend to spend that  capital.
Keith D. Taylor: And so, Chris, what else it does as you sort of start to think about cash that could be deployed tax for that, you think about the capital expenditures, and also sort of attached to that the shareholder-friendly action that we have taken and intend to continue to take. That actually will consume a lot of our cash that when we manage, basically, our net leverage, I think we should -- including liquidating some of the payables for our construction projects that sits on the balance sheet, we should get very close to the range, if not inside the bottom end of that range in 2012. And so it's something we'll continue to watch, as we sort of manage our capital plans and look at how we best take advantage of our capital structure.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, it's more -- it was Americas, and it was more the installation interval that we talked about, so we have good booking activity across all 3 regions. And as you've seen in the past, and it's no different this quarter, sometimes you're going to see ebbs and flows in the amount of cabinets that install, in particular at the end of the quarter. And of course a factor of that is also churn, what happens in churn over a given period of time and whether it's a large installation, low pricing. And Charles alluded to it on the last call, there are certainly some cases where we see positive churn as attached to a number of cabinets. That could leave us an impact to basically our net cabinets add. So overall, I would tell you it's more just a natural outcome of how we booked, our booking activity this quarter, and you will continue to see it ebb and flow, and then how that installs over a period of time. So nothing that we are drawing any concern from.
Keith D. Taylor: Number one point, really, to get to the target of $3 billion or thereabout in 2015, we don't have to do any M&A, if you will. Having said all of that, our intention would be that we would get -- we would invest in some additional markets over that time period. And then putting all that into perspective, as we think about sort of rolling out our plan towards what we call our long-term operating targets, we do expect margins to improve over time. As you know, we're investing very heavily, again, in 2012, both in expansion projects, we're investing heavily in our IT platform, as Steve alluded to, and we're going to continue to verticalize our sales organization. And when you take all that into consideration, we still -- we're still going to deliver, roughly, 46%-plus on EBITDA margin line in 2012. And so we're comfortable that margins will continue to creep up over time, as we could get to scale, and as we leverage off investments we've made over the last few years. And just sort of put that in perspective, as a company with targeted roughly 50% adjusted EBITDA margins. And that's something that we still have our sights set on.
Keith D. Taylor: Thanks for the question. We sort of expected that we're going to get that question from the field here. First and foremost, I think it's very important to note that my responsibility, one of my key responsibilities for 2012 is really to look at this, this possibility of turning or becoming a REIT over some period of time. We have to look at that very seriously in 2012. It's consistent with sort of our prior expectations that if you consume all of your NOLs in the 2013, 2014, or in some cases maybe even 2015 time frame, you have to really back up and figure out when do you start thinking about how to roll that out. So first and foremost, I'd tell you we are thinking about it very seriously. We're also thinking about other tax funding initiatives even as we walk and review this particular issue. And one we referred to not long ago with the Luxembourg HoldCo Structure that we're using for Europe. That all said, though, I think it's important I make a couple of comments. Number one, we're absolutely committed to shareholder return. And recognizing that, that there are some potential benefits attached, and I said potential benefits attached to the REIT, is something we have to look at very, very seriously. But also we are aware there are some structural issues, there are some considerations, and clearly there are some trade-offs. So taking all of that into consideration, we are going to put some energy towards this initiative this year, and will continue to update you on a quarterly basis as we progress through this serious and detailed review.
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. Well, I think to address the first question on AFFO. I think a great surrogate for us is really discretionary free cash flow, and we presented that in our slides today, and certainly it's $9-plus when you look at fiscal year '11. If you look at the last quarter, it's roughly $3 AFFO -- I'm sorry, discretionary free cash flow per share. And as we look forward, we expect to see that grow. And we said we can see it grow upwards of $11, $10 to $11 next year, being 2012. So it's really a number that is sizable and we would expect that it will continue to grow with the success for our business. In many ways it's going to grow with the EBITDA line. The EBITDA is such a great cash surrogate for us from an operating cash flow perspective. When we get into sort of shareholder value topics such as the share repurchase, we saw an opportunity, quite frankly, in Q4. As you know, we announced in mid to late November the approval of the program as supported by our Board. And we went through a very volatile time, and we took that as an opportunity to acquire where we could meaningful amounts of our stock, roughly 870,000 shares. And that sort of takes our sort of year-end sort of stock number down to about 46.7 million shares outstanding. As we look forward, we're going to look at what is the best and highest use of our cash. And certainly, we have the approval to acquire us shares, up to $250 million worth of share repurchase. So we're going to look at the opportunities that present themselves. And as we look forward in time, we will focus on the best and highest use of our cash recognizing that our overall objective as a company, both as I said and as Steve alluded to in his comments, is to drive our shareholder value. And our commitment is to the shareholder. We've also attached it, as you know, to our compensation plan for 2012. So we see that as another way to indicate to the shareholders, we are going to very much focus on value-creation for the shareholders.
Keith D. Taylor: Good. Great question, David. So why don't I take the first part, and then I'm going to pass it to Steve. Certainly when we look at the guidance we've offered both in Q1 and for 2012, we have considered, of course, our exit rates, our run rates and all that. I think it's important to note, number one, when you look into 2012, it's very early in the new year. And because it's early in the new year, we're taking position, we're just going to continue with the greater than story that we've done in the past. It works very well for 2011, and we would expect that to hold true for 2012 as well. That all said, as Steve mentioned, we're absorbing $15 million of FX headwinds. Because of that, we are basically from where we were last quarter to where we are today, the same number, the same results of the local level is greater than $1.885 million. So we are stepping it up. And then as we look at the quarter-over-quarter stuff, again, it's just very early the year. We're coming off a good strong quarter. We want to make sure that we continue to deliver. There's a lot of expectations that have been set for the team. That, in addition to the fact we're absorbing not only some capital cost that Steve alluded to for our high-key program, on the flip side there is a fairly meaningful number of operating expenses that will be attached to that same project. And that number is going to be, roughly, another $10 million-plus. And so when you look at that discrete project and what we're committing plus the FX currency, we feel at this stage of the game we've given you good -- we've given you a fair guidance. Now recognizing, we're only about 9 weeks away from updating our guidance because we will do that on the first quarter call. But right now, we feel very good about the numbers we've delivered. And as we did in 2011 and we have the same expectation for 2012, that we're going to continue to execute well and prove that we can deliver a strong operating performance for the business.
Keith D. Taylor: There's actually -- unfortunately wasn't just a one-off. There are certainly, there are some one-offs, but there is a higher repairs and maintenance that we brought into the quarter into Q4. There was some incremental power cost, and that's why you see the cash gross margin line down a little bit, partly due to settlement agreement that we had with one of the providers there. And then there's just some discrete accruals that we made in the market in that region. Again, it gets impacted a little bit more by the size of the region relative to the other 2 regions. But overall, we expect them to get back to their traditional EBITDA trends, that region I'm referring to.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes. Well, Tim, I think there's always a debate on what are the pros and cons. And clearly we, as a company, are going, as we've said, focus on driving as much shareholder value, irrespective of whether or not we can become a REIT or not, a lot of work to do. The complexity, typically, will revolve around the amount of interconnection services that we provide as a company. And obviously, you've seen with our announcements today the success that we're having in that particular revenue line. And then the other piece, of course, is in the international. And you've got to take all of that into consideration as you develop what one refers to as a taxable REIT subsidiary. So the company's highly focused on it. I think like anything, you got to review it. You've got understand it and appreciate not only the sort of benefits but also the complexity and then just make a decision. But I made a personal commitment to Steve that someday we're going to engage in very thoroughly in 2012, and we're already actually working at looking at the analyses. And we'll continue to update you, and that's the best we can offer right now.
Keith D. Taylor: Again, utilities, typical -- it's what you typically see in Q4 relative to Q3, there are some seasonal impact that comes out of -- particularly in the North American region when you look from Q3 to Q4. So that will be one thing that you tend to pay higher price points per unit in the Americas in the Q3. And then you, of course, you've got the step-down in Q4. So that has, unfortunately, a natural way of representing itself in our financials. And also this quarter we did get the benefit of some utility rebates based on the programs that we have entered into with our local providers. But overall, I would tell you that utility as a sort of a percent -- utility cost, pardon me, as a percent of our revenues, should always -- it's going to ebb and flow. It's typically been in the range of 12% to 14% of our revenue line. And we're going to continue to look at it from that perspective. But the one other comment I would make is that we are making investments, and part of the reason why you saw our ongoing CapEx go up in 2011 is the fact that we're making investments in the data center that will, hopefully, drive greater efficiency into the data center or the IBX. And over time that will enhance our ability to deliver higher returns.
Keith D. Taylor: Good question. I'm going to take the first one, Colby, and then I'm going to pass it off. I think when you look at CapEx, it looks like it's going to be ratable at least by the guidance we've given you. That's probably not going to be the case. I think it's going to be generally more front-end loaded, all else being equal. Something that we'll continue to update you on, on a quarterly basis. But we would expect, certainly, the first 3 quarters of the year to take the majority of the burden. And so because of that, I would say that your -- the last quarter of the year is probably going to be the least significant from a CapEx perspective. But we're obviously looking -- we measure CapEx now, as you know, on a cash basis, and we're going to continue to review it and make sure we're sort of -- we're planning it well, so we can guide you as effectively as we can. And right now, I tell you, the first quarter is more, it's numerical coincidence that it adds a quarter of our total year's guidance.
Keith D. Taylor: Yes, it's going to be -- it's just slightly up above over what we announced in the last quarter. So last quarter was roughly $191 million, so by now we're estimating it's just in and around the $200 million range, Jonathan. Again, it's roughly 50% of the C&I plus the equity, so it will be between $200 million and $210 million at the end of the year, roughly in that range, and that's what we're estimating.
Charles Meyers: Yes, sure. Gray, this is Charles Meyers. Yes, we continue to see a very firm pricing environment, and I think the key to that is continuing to target the value where our segments of our customers really are achieving significant value out of using Platform Equinix. So we've seen very strong progress on our global platform deal, not only in the North America market but exporting business to our other regions as well. So we continue to see a very healthy pricing environment. As we noted and have noted in the past, our sweet spot really is in the sort of mid-sized deals for either network nodes or service aggregation nodes. And consistent with Steve's commentary on the multi-tiered architecture, our focus on the first 2 tiers of that architecture really allow us to deliver superior value, and correspondingly, get better price realization.
Charles Meyers: No, I don't know that I'll be able to put my finger on a specific breakdown in between the public and private. In fact, what we're seeing is that the people are very much going to this hybrid infrastructure which we talked about in the script, which is interconnecting the public cloud services for particular loads that are well served by that. I mean, particularly, those that are highly variable. But over time, as they fill up VMs, it really make sense oftentimes for them to move that into OEM infrastructure. And then they're also extending that into private cloud to access cloud-based services of various sorts. So this sort of evolution towards hybrid cloud infrastructure is aggressively happening. And again, I think serves us, it really serves as well as an enabler, fundamental enabler of cloud computing.
Charles Meyers: Thanks, Jonathan, this is Charles. So yes, we are delivering Phase 1 of DC10 this quarter. We've already presold several deals into that facility, and we're seeing a very strong funnel. So strong, in fact, that as you know, that we already announced -- approved and announced today our Phase 2 build. And I think, overall, what we're seeing is the customer response there really strongly validates our hypothesis behind that investment. And we're seeing strong demand from these customers with the multi-tiered architecture requirement, and customers who really want to maintain a comprehensive relationship with an infrastructure partner like us. And so again, it's not for everybody. I think it's a compliment to what we deliver for our ecosystem-focused customers. And again, those that have that kind of multi-tiered architecture requirement and want the premium service delivery that Equinix provides, it's a great fit for them. We're seeing real strong momentum in the market.
Stephen M. Smith: Let me start, Chris. I think consistent with what we've said in the past, we're very interested in the core, as we referred to in the past, BRIC countries. And as you all are aware, we made a play into Brazil. We're most interested probably in next priorities in China and India, and we have activity in both of those parts of the region, business development-type activity looking for the right opportunity. Our customer demand is very high in both of those parts of the world. I'd say that the fourth element of the BRIC countries is less priority today. And then there's a couple of tier 2 markets that are -- Keith and I have teams looking at. I think I have mentioned in Japan after the difficult times they had, a lot of data center companies in Tokyo are starting to look in Osaka for future builds. So we have a team looking in Osaka also. So we're investigating in that market. And then Australia, we've taken a look at the Melbourne market outside of the Sydney market. So those are the priority areas for the company.
Stephen M. Smith: And David, I'd add a couple other comments just to color sales productivity a little bit because I think it's a very good question with the investment we've made. As you heard in our script, and I think Charles mentioned, we are very, very disciplined in how we're growing the type of customers we're bringing into these IBXs. So we are focused on value propositions and value aware customers. We're deadly focus on ecosystems and interconnection. So the sweet spot of the deals that we're pushing and approving are in this 10 to 30, 40 cabinet-type size, that these first 2 tiers of the architecture that I described today. So we fully expect to get higher-quality bookings, and that will drive firm to stable pricing that we're seeing. And that's where we're focused. And that's what we've asked the sales leadership to drive towards. So from a sales productivity standpoint, we're very happy with where we are. We're completing the verticalization of the sales force around our 5 go-to-market industry verticals. And we're seeing the bookings come in the way we want it. The pipeline is very strong. We're seeing, as we mentioned today, very good strength in network and financial. It's a little bit slower in the enterprise, and we knew that because the enterprise was made up of several other big industry verticals. And so we're learning where to go penetrate there. We're seeing success in a couple of segments, but there's more work to be done there. We have our global account teams all set up across major global networks, big global platform players and our key financial global folks. So we're making -- we're going higher and deeper in the big global accounts. The channel partnerships are starting to step up. We've announced 3 publicly, there'll be more to come as the year unfolds. We have our compliance go-to-market relationship with the company called Carpathia in the government circles and some enterprise customers. We're going to market with Amazon with the AWS Direct Connect. And we're also going to market with Rackspace with the OpenStack and cloud builder offer. So there's quite a bit going on there. Our sales engine is selling the global footprint, so whatever market the salespeople are in, they're selling the global footprint, which is working very good. So productivity, net-net, is up into the right, and it's ramping at the pace that we thought it would, but we're very focused on this, on a certain-sized deals. And as Keith and I said many times to the whole audience, we could grow this company a heck of a lot faster than we are today, but we're aiming this thing at ecosystem, higher-quality bookings, very disciplined in the type of deals that we're allowing into the IBXs. And that's where -- that's where the focus is. So we are achieving the balance we want with the type of bookings.
Stephen M. Smith: Let me just -- we're obviously looking at all of the above. And our cloud business this past year grew to roughly 24% of our revenue for the company, so it's been very high growth for us. And we're seeing private cloud, public cloud, I mentioned we have 300-plus pure-play cloud providers that are operating in our IBXs and re-selling out to the world. There's another 500 IT service, managed service hosting companies that are offering cloud access. So we have a lot of activity going on here. The Direct Connect example you point to is just one example of a alternative method for CIOs to get a higher secure, avoid the Internet-type connection inside of our IBXs. And there are several other players that are also -- that we're talking today about Direct Connect activity. But I don't know if Charles or Jarrett, you have anything to add what you're seeing...
Jarrett Appleby: Yes, this is Jarrett. It's a good question. I think really what you're going to see is, first of all, it started with the content players who are really leveraging the AWS infrastructure. But it is our typical business. They come in to take advantage of public Internet access and then Direct Connect. What's happening now is enterprises are using private networks, particularly Ethernet access into the cloud. So what you'll see is, we're seeing this evolution and it's exactly -- it started with public cloud infrastructure using our Internet exchanges. It then leveraged our Direct Connect offerings, which we're doing in multiple markets around the world. We're seeing natural cloud hubs form in about 12 to 15 markets, and that's growing. And then you're seeing an evolution to private networking, and particularly Ethernet, and that's why we've been talking about Ethernet the last year, that still allow you to directly connect from outside the data centers from an enterprise standpoint. And that opens up the market to the cloud-enabled enterprise as we call it, that community.
Jarrett Appleby: And Colby, this is Jarrett again. I think, really, what we're seeing is an opportunity, one, we've identified a group of partners that really helped the value from platform-enabled services, particularly for the enterprise. A lot of the enterprise want bundled solutions. And we have identified a group of partners with the sales organization to go target, particularly around private, public cloud offerings, a cloud brokering capability, a cloud management capability and a security. So think of them as platform enabled services that are part of our portfolio that we can sell. And we get our traditional cabinets and interconnection business, are also able to start monetizing with them, they're incenting us to sell those kinds of solutions as well. So it is an enhancement of our value prop and a total solution that we're now positioning to the enterprises to make it easier to buy Platform Equinix.
Jarrett Appleby: We actually kicked off at our sales kickoff to educate them and position, not re-sell but sell side by side, more sell with a partner.
