Stephen M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Keith. Let me know cover our 2015 outlook on slide 15. For the second quarter of 2015, we expect revenues to be in the range of $654 million to $658 million, which includes $6 million of negative foreign currency impact compared to average Q1 2015 rates and normalized in constant currency growth of 3% quarter-over-quarter. Cash gross margins are expected to approximate 68% to 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to approximate $144 million to $148 million. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to be between $304 million and $308 million, which include $5 million of negative foreign currency impact compared to average Q1 2015 rates. Capital expenditures are expected to be $210 million to $220 million, which includes approximately $30 million of recurring capital expenditures. For the full year of 2015, we are raising revenues to be greater than $2.635 billion or a 13% year-over-year growth rate on a normalized and constant currency basis. This guidance includes $25 million of negative foreign currency impact compared to prior guidance rates. Excluding this negative impact, the revised revenues is a $30 million increase compared to our prior guidance. Total year cash gross margins are expected to approximate 69%. Cash SG&A expenses are expected to approximate $580 million to $600 million. We are raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance to be greater than $1.23 billion or a 47% adjusted EBITDA margin. This guidance includes $7 million of negative foreign currency impact compared to prior guidance rates. Excluding this negative impact, the revised adjusted EBITDA is a $17 million increase compared to prior guidance. We expect adjusted funds from operations to be greater than $830 million, a 15% constant currency growth year-over-year, effectively a $26 million raise adjusting for currencies. We expect 2015 capital expenditures to range between $740 million and $800 million, which includes $115 million of recurring capital expenditures. So in closing, our strong results this quarter reflect the continued strength and momentum in our business. The global reach of Platform Equinix along with unparalleled network and cloud density and thriving business ecosystems positions us to solve the many challenges faced by today's CIOs. The strength and uniqueness of our global platform is translating into solid operating performance and the importance of our reach is evidenced by the rapid growth of customers deployed across multiple metros and regions. Our disciplined execution of our strategy continues to drive momentum as we strike a balance between revenue growth, margin expansion, yield and attractive returns on our invested capital. So, let me stop here and open it up for questions. So, I'll turn it over to you, Leslie.
Stephen M. Smith: And on the revenue growth and favorable pricing, Mike, I'll just give you a little color, and maybe Keith and Charles might have something to add. But I mentioned in my comments in the beginning that yield across all regions continues to be strong, and actually, our global yields was up $40 or 2% quarter-on-quarter on a constant currency basis. So that was roughly 0.5% in the Americas, 2% in Asia and Europe, so pretty strong pricing in the regions, primarily because of the focus that our sales and marketing teams have on targeting specific workloads and focusing our value propositions around that type of application workload. And as – historically as we've always mentioned, blended in with that, where appropriate we're pursuing larger magnetic footprints that are helping the overall ecosystem value. And you should expect us to continue to compete for those, that'll advance our cloud agenda, but generally speaking we're doing a very good job of qualifying and bringing the right types of workloads into the right locations, and that's served us very well from a churn perspective and that's served us very well from a MRR per cab, and we expect it to remain firm, going forward.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah, sure. Sure. I'll start and maybe Charles, you might – if you have anything to add, please jump in here. Fair to say, guys, that we have our eyes on the same consolidating activity that you're all reading about in our industry. We're still focused, as I mentioned last quarter, on our inorganic strategy to extend our current leadership position around cloud and network density, secondly around scaling our platform, and then third around enhancing our interconnection position. So we're always evaluating options to accomplish those three objectives, and we'll continue to do that. And if there was a transaction that might complement that strategy and create significant shareholder value, you should feel confident that we'll consider it. But in terms of our Europe business, we're continuing to be very pleased with what's going over there. And our results off last quarter and certainly this quarter, as we mentioned in previous calls, our business in Europe grew 21% last year. And on a first quarter year-on-year basis grew 19% in this first quarter. So our European business, because it's connected to a global platform, is growing faster than the broader EU market. And as you also heard we have significant momentum on interconnection in Europe. So all in all, yes, we're watching this stuff and our business in Europe we're very happy with.
Stephen M. Smith: Yeah. Thanks, Charles. Colby, that was very thorough. And I – the only thing I'd add to that to – it was a great question because there's a lot of activity going on. I think, as I said in the comments in the beginning today, our strategy is working, you see the results from the firm yield and the other metrics, interconnection continues to grow, we feel like we're executing on all the right items, so you should expect us to continue this, more of the same.
Keith D. Taylor: I think it's a great question, Amir. I mean so, most fundamentally we're very much committed as a company to driving towards our 50% EBITDA margin target or better and clearly, we showed a little bit of momentum when we issued our guidance at the first part of this year assuming when you adjusted for currency. And then coming out of the first quarter, we're able to moderate that up slightly as well. So very pleased with the direction in which it's going. I'd tell you though as you sort of step back, Q2 – in my comments I said, look, SG&A you should expect it to be relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. So, as a result, what I think you're going to get as you sort of progress through the year absent some of the timing issues that we're going to see in Q2 is a bias towards an upward trend through the latter part of fiscal year 2015. And that positions us very good as we go into 2016. My only comment would then be to continue to look at and assess where we need to make investments and to the extent that we can create value and further the business opportunity we have in front of us, we'll continue to make those investments. So I don't want to pre-commit to where 2016 will be, but suffice it to say the direction is very, very positive as we exit 2015.
Keith D. Taylor: We certainly believe there's an upward bias, but again we want to reserve the right similar to what we did this year. We took some of the money that we were going – that we were in fact saving from the REIT project and we decided to put it back into the business because it made infinite sense to go invest in our go-to-market strategy and all the components around that. Again, as we look into 2016, we'll make that decision as we get closer to time but my message to you would be right now there's an upward bias as we exit the year.
Keith D. Taylor: Good questions, Jonathan, let me take the first one and then I'll perhaps pass it to Steve or Charles for the second. I think first and foremost when you look at our guide for Q2 on a revenue basis, when you adjust for currency, so take out the benefit of the hedge that's sitting in revenues in Q1 and you adjust for basically the forward exchange rate, you're looking at about a 3% quarter-over-quarter increase. And so we're happy with where we sit with Q2. As we look into Q3 and Q4 similar to what – as we came out of last year, we're less comfortable in predicting the amount of non-recurring activity that we have in the latter half of the year. And that's what we experienced this quarter. Part of the reason for the over-performance is we saw – we did more non-recurring activities than originally anticipated. And I'd tell you that we hold that – we're holding that path forward, sort of bypass through for the latter part of the year as well. That coupled with the fact that there is some seasonality in, just in our booking activity. So there's a little bit of churn that we know that's forthcoming and yet I feel very comfortable with the 2% to 2.5% range and probably biased more towards again the lower end of the range, but relative to where we've come from we'll have slightly more elevated churn in the latter part of the year based on what we see. And then the last part is just timing, timing of when we install, and there's a recognition as we roll out our global, our global systems. Like anything, that can create some level of drag and we're just being a little bit conservative right now, until we actually roll those out and start operating it, if you will, with those new systems. Americas is May; Europe is going to be in the July timeframe, and so we're going to go through that implementation cycle.
Keith D. Taylor: Okay. Okay. Generally from our perspective, I think there's a couple of things. Clearly, as you think about our stabilized assets, again those are assets that have been – all phases have been open for more than one year, and effectively that one year for us is January 1 – starting January 1, 2014, looking at that relative to the expansion activity. Our sense is when you think about expansion, because an expansion could be two, three and, in some cases, four more phases, you can appreciate that the net sort of the drag, if you will, perhaps taking on that full obligation whether it's a lease, whether it's the land and other related costs. Until you get more to more fully utilize, you're not going to get the economic return that you're looking for relative to a stabilized asset. So as a result, this is a path, if you will, that's very consistent with our expectation, recognizing there's a relatively large portfolio of assets. There's 31 assets in the expansion bucket. They're going to be at all different levels of delivery, if you will. And so probably leaving it with you, I think you're going to see that number move up and towards the 33% as we continue to pass time and then fully utilize those assets. And the other thing I'd leave you with is the team has done a very good job over the years recognizing stabilized assets are only 84% utilized, the team does a very good job of optimizing the assets. So not only do I continue to expect the expansion to move up, quite openly we also expect the stabilized to move up into the right as well.
Keith D. Taylor: Two very good questions, David. Let me start with the dividend. I think first and foremost, as you know, when we issued our dividend at roughly $1.69 per share on a quarterly basis and we said annualize that at $6.76 per share, or roughly a 3% yield where the stock was trading at the time, and so we're very, very comfortable with that, recognizing this is the transitional year for us as a company, transition in the sense that we're being very mindful of the assets that should be inside the Q and those assets that sit outside in the T, primarily to limit the amount of taxes we pay and certainly at the same time meet the REIT requirements. So what I would like to leave you with at least for 2015 is right now make the assumption at least for next quarter that we're going to hold things stable. As we look forward, as you think a little bit about the assets that sit outside of the Q, so you have Canada, Australia, Singapore, and Hong Kong, which are the big four, that's going to give us the flexibility to change, if you will, the dynamics in what that dividend will be, in addition though to effecting the growth. It's fair to say that a lot of the assets, particularly Europe, which most of Europe sits inside the Q, that's going to continue to grow. And as we said on a currency adjusted basis it grew 19% this quarter over same quarter last year, and all of last year grew at 21% over the prior year. So we're very confident and comfortable that we think that there's going to be good, if you will, growth in the Q, so that that allows us to continue to manage, if you will, the dividend on a go-forward basis. As it relates to balance sheet, you're absolutely right. It's – we sort of anticipated that this question might be forthcoming. Part of the reason I put in disclosure is that a good portion of the cash that sits on the balance sheet, the $1.1 billion, just from what we see today a good portion of that's going to get fully consumed. And that's effectively – we consume almost – for all intents and purposes, that reflects one turn, if you will, of net leverage. And so from our perspective, if we consume that capital, which we – or cash, which we intend to, our leverage is going to get into a much more, it'll get within the guidance range that we have shared with you. And then the last piece I would tell you is to the extent we always – it's fair to say we always think of highest and best use of our capital, and right now given the success that we're seeing in the business, if anything you're going to see more of a bias towards continuing to invest in our future, which means investing more in the capital expenditure side of the equation and less about maybe some of the other alternatives we could use with the cash.
Keith D. Taylor: So let me take the first one, then I'll pass it to Steve and Charles for the second one. As it relates to stabilized assets, right now as I said we're at 84% utilized. I think for all intents and purposes we would target between we think 90% or greater, and realistically somewhere between 90% and 95% is a realistic assumption that we should be able to drive our utilization level to. I think that's an area of comfort, Michael, that over a period of time recognizing some of these assets we're very selective in how we fill them up. And what I mean by that, if it's a network dense asset and we don't have a lot of incremental capacity, we're willing to let that asset sit there for a period of time looking for the right customer with the right application to go into that asset. And so once we get there, I think it's reasonable to assume you're 90%-plus utilized.
Keith D. Taylor: Sure. Yeah, Mike, you're dead on. Just as we look to Q2, so not only do we have the merit increases that took effect in March, so we see that, if you will, the cost associated with that moving into Q2 and beyond, we have all the new head count, so all the – of the new hires. Then we have a higher utility line coming in in Q2 as well. As you know, typically from a seasonal perspective, our highest cost of utility comes in the second quarter and the third quarter in the Americas region. And so we're absorbing roughly another, if my memory serves, it's another $6 million to $8 million of utilities in the second quarter relative to what we were going to spend in Q1. And then there's – we're continuing to progress with our integration of the ALOG investment. And so we spent about $1 million in Q1 on the ALOG integration and so we expect to spend more in Q2 also with the rollout of our eco initiative. All that to say is there's some timing and, therefore, that's why you see – despite that you see some step downs costs that we had in Q1 will be replaced with costs that I just talked about in Q2. And then we think that we can hold our SG&A relatively flat for the rest of the year. As it relates then to just the net interest expense my reference to the fact that there's a certain amount of interest that gets capitalized into our assets and it was roughly a $12 million change from what we previously disclosed. And because of that, although you see an improving AFFO the real value of the AFFO increase at this stage of the game was the improved operating performance. $10 million was really to capitalization and that, of course, that has no meaning. Even though our AFFO payout ratio goes down, there is no fundamental shift that really took place because that capitalized interest it gets treated differently for tax purposes. So that's the primary reason for the interest step down.
Charles J. Meyers: No. I think you hit most of the key ones from my perspective. I would say that one of the things that is not evident; we did make some adjustments to our sales structure and territory alignment and account allocations in the first quarter, which inevitably creates a little bit of drag. And yet, I think we powered through that, delivered strong results. And the objective of that alignment was really to ensure that we continue to capture the momentum that we're seeing in the cloud ecosystem overall, both on the supply side with cloud service providers, and on the demand side, if you will, or the buy side with enterprises. And those two verticals are generating about 60% of our new logos, continued strong momentum in bookings and new wins there, and as Steve said, the key metrics like funnel size, conversion, rep productivity, book-to-bill interval, all looking solid.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, the only color I might add to it, Simon, is that I think there's – if you look at the mix of the stabilized asset group there and the expansion asset group there, there would certainly be no reason to believe that the long-term performance would be meaningfully different since they're likely to have similar mixes. And so it's just a matter in some cases if they're very large, large-scale projects, it may take a longer period because they're multi-phases of investment but would trend towards that endpoint.
Charles J. Meyers: I'll take that, Steve. I think it's a combination of those things. We certainly see strong momentum with I would say the top six to eight cloud providers that I think you would immediately think of. And they are – most of them are deploying now with us in anywhere from 8 to 16-plus markets around the world. And we're seeing significant activity, not only in their deployments but I think more excitingly cross-connect activity and Cloud Exchange activity driving interconnection back to those clouds from within our facilities, which is really the essence of the sort of building the cloud ecosystem. And so – but then we also are really seeing good new logo capture and growth with existing new logos in a bit more of the longer tail around cloud service providers in a variety of forms. And so I think it's both, and I think both are really critically important because I think that what we're seeing is that those big magnets like an Azure or an AWS are often the catalyst for somebody to say, yes, I need high bandwidth secure connectivity into these cloud providers as I begin to move workloads into the cloud. But then they – as they evolve their hybrid cloud they really want access to a much broader range of cloud services as quickly and cost-effectively as possible and the ability to seamlessly and efficiently move workloads across various cloud providers. So both seeing good momentum and both critical to long-term health of the ecosystem.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah, I'll start, Steve, and if you or Keith want to jump in. I would say yes. I think that the business will trend that way over time. I wouldn't say we've reached a tipping point per se in that I think we have a lot – are in the very early innings of enterprise adoption of hybrid cloud. But again, we're seeing good momentum. Our lighthouse accounts are showing very strong land-and-expand type performance with some of our key customers, starting with two to three locations and rapidly expanding in their Performance Hub implementations to 6, 10, even 20 sites. And so what I think we will see is an extremely favorable trend for us, which is average deal size for a new – or average implementation size perhaps trending somewhat down, although balanced in part by the fact that we're going to continue to selectively pursue strategic large footprint type activity where it's really accretive to the strategy. But I think, we will see average implementation size trend down as we really gain some traction in the enterprise, both through our direct force and our channel. But interestingly, I think that the – we'll begin – we'll be able to grow those customers over time and so see the average billing volume for a customer continue to be strong. So I do think we will see that trend. I think it's a very favorable trend potentially for our yield over time. But I think it's still very early days.
Charles J. Meyers: Yeah. I'll jump in, you guys can add color. You're right. Steve's absolutely right. We're seeing all those things at some level, although what I would argue is that continued – we've said over and over again we're focused on getting the right applications, right customers with the right applications into the right assets. And that really centers around this sort of ecosystem-centric strategy. And so I think if we're disciplined in that strategy I think that we see that the dynamics of the – some of the competitive things that you're – that you referenced have a much lesser or more marginal impact on our business. I think that you're right, certainly wholesalers – some of the wholesalers are indicating a desire to – and offer smaller footprints and begin to dabble in the retail space. As I've said on a number of calls before, the requirements to operate a world-class at-scale retail business and the investments necessary to do that are substantial. And I think what we're finding is that customers who really need the application performance, the global reach, the mission critical reliability for these retail-type applications are typically choosing Equinix based on the superior value delivered. And so while I think there's probably some, as I've said, minor overlap between our businesses in terms of workloads that could be pursued by those types of players, if we're consistent and disciplined in our strategy I think we're seeing relatively limited impact. You mentioned Open IX and a broader desire for people to talk about it and try to offer interconnection. I think that's also true, but I think the substance that we see in the market as compared to the hype and the PR, we see a big difference between those things. And I think we feel very confident that we have a – the interconnection portfolio in terms of both offers and reach that really is delivering the value to customers. So again, we see very limited impact there. In fact, the momentum continues in our IX, our Internet Exchange offering. We've sold more ports in the last four quarters than we did in the last several years, and really continuing to see incredible strength in that market. So customers are kind of voting with their wallets. So – and then to the last question about is our need to and our desire to at least be able to in a targeted way pursue large footprint opportunities that we think are strategic control points, does that modify the way we think about our facilities? I would say yes to some degree, but that and a number of other factors have us constantly revisiting whether or not the design of our facilities and our ability to implement a flexible architecture and one where we can match capital spend as quickly and as closely to demand as possible, that's always an objective of the business. And so we definitely have resources. And in fact, have increased the number of resources we've spent looking at that opportunity. And we think we will continue to evolve the offer to be as just-in-time as possible and as flexible as possible to meet the range of requirements that our customers are asking for.
