Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Around the globe, we are starting up a number of large investments that will significantly enhance our long-term results by expanding existing sales, adding product categories and entering new markets. As anticipated this year, we'll have non-reoccurring reduction and operating income of $70 million to $75 million, comprised of $30 million to $35 million from higher startup costs, $40 million from patented expired in 2017. In 2018, incremental depreciation of $75 million will curtail our operating margins until our sales reach a level to fully absorb these investments. Changes in the U.S. tax law will reduce our adjusted tax rate from 26% last year to an estimated 21% this year. Taking all of this into account our EPS guidance for the second quarter is $3.89 to $3.98, excluding any one-time charges. During the balance of 2018, our sales growth should improve as we increase the use of our new production, introduce additional products and complete the acquisition of Godfrey Hirst. We estimate that Godfrey Hirst acquisition will close by the end of May and will increase revenue by $180 million and EPS by $0.25 per share this year. In the third quarter, higher prices, mix and productivity should increase our adjusted operating income above last year, even with the lower margin. In the fourth quarter, our adjusted operating income and margin should exceed 2017, as the impact from startups and patent decline. We are confident that our new investments will create significant opportunities, with potential to have equal or greater profitability than our present businesses. We are adding $500 million of LVT with huge growth potential; $400 million of new product categories or geographies, including countertops, sheet vinyl and carpet tile; and $500 million of new capacity in constrained areas including ceramic outside the United States, laminate with new capabilities and polyester carpet. With the strength of our organization, we can execute additional acquisitions if appropriate risk and return can be achieved. The market is focused on the next two quarters, where we are absorbing material increases, startup and IT expiration. And overlooking the significant impact of our actions, we'll have on our sales and profitability in 2019 and beyond. Our management, cash generation and balance sheet will enable us to continue our aggressive growth strategies. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our product mix declined in the U.S. due to higher sales in home centers and builders, as well as increasing promotions. We had incremental startup cost of $3 million from our new quartz plant. We're introducing higher styled products and reducing our annual fixed cost by $9 million. And sales and margins outside the U.S. are strong.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Your assumptions that they are fading are wrong. The IP continues as a big decline. The startup costs grow in the second quarter. And what else - and the material inflation is getting impacted. And we've hardly - and we haven't got any price increase at all. And we won't start getting price increase till the end of the second quarter and then into the third quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The problem is there are about 20 different activities going on. The activities range from starting up new plants that was never operated before and have no sales which will take long periods of time to get them ramped up. It could be sheet vinyl in Russia or carpet tile in Europe. And those are startup projects from ground up, with no sales and marketing to begin with. And then we have other projects that we have significant sales already that will be added to, those will come up different. And then you have no new plants such as quartz countertops. We haven't manufactured before, but we've assembled experts from around the world. We have LVT product lines that haven't been run before, they're starting up. So I mean trying to get down to a month by month and quarter by quarter doesn't really make any sense.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the remarks, we were trying to say that our expectations for the total of all these should be equal or greater than our business average in the margins and profitability. And they're going to be different from one to the other, as well as what part - where they are within the startup strategy over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think we said the last time that the productivity would approximate 140 and with some of the niche - the new initiatives, we're thinking it's going to be a little higher, but some of the benefits that you don't all get in this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't have that, because the introductions of our different products in different categories, it's difficult to separate it into specific things and the estimates become so large it doesn't make sense to try to separate it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We were trying to get across in the statements that when we put out introductions, we know the margins of those relative to our average. So our - the average into - the introductions are at higher points, which we assume as we push those in the marketplace will help offset part of it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, again, LVT is taking a portion of the market. And what we've done is increased our share of the new home construction and home center business. The biggest impact right now is in the re-modeling business in the retail stores, but it's growing - I don't know - it's growing in all the parts. The good news is that we have huge capacities coming on. We're introducing new products to participate in the LVT. And we'll maintain or grow our shares in the other categories.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't want to - it also goes into all kinds of commercial installations. I mean. LVT in the United States is not like any other part of the world. It's probably approaching almost 15% of the industry. And we haven't seen anything do this since carpet in the 60s.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The comment was from fourth quarter last year compared to first quarter, the rate of growth improved.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I would say also that the first part of the year, when it started, it started off a little slower than we had expected. But we're presently still with the same estimate of 3% to 4% growth for the industry for this year is our best estimate at this time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What you should see is, as you said, the IP changes should be behind us. The startup costs, we haven't put a plan together for next year, so I can't tell you what it's going to be. But the startup costs should be down with $35 million more this year than we were last year, and last year was probably the highest on record. So we would expect it to come down assuming we don't come up with more new projects, but I don't know that yet. The same time this year not in the startup costs, is that once the plant gets turned on and turned over to the operational group. You get 100% of the depreciation even though you're running at limited amount. So as that ramps up, the cost will fall and allow us to expand the margins going forward, and all of those things will start happening next year and we should get a significant jump in all the pieces.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We believe that our business isn't doing really well. We are - our cash flow is significant, and we believe that - you can see this year, we've announced acquisitions, we've announced significant spending on capital. And by the time, we get to the end of the year we hope to find more new projects for the future. There's always companies who want to sell. The question is not if there's companies wanting to sell. The question is can we find the right valuations, and we have the right things, we can do to help it. So we get the returns on it. As we go forward, we still have the capability of our management to execute multiple acquisitions at the same time, and we're always looking. And we don't see any limitations in our ability to continue growing our business and all the categories. And at the same time, you see as this year we're doing more Greenfield operations, and I would consider more of them in the future in addition, if all of things come together and we can find the right investments. At some point, we would be quite comfortable buying our own stock back.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT is really primarily a U.S. business, and it's starting - in Europe, it's probably three, four years behind could be more. Out of that, we have the largest participation in it and we intend to grow the most in it, we believe that our strategy unlike others, of having low-cost, high-volume capacity gives us competitive advantages in both marketplaces and with best position in Europe than anybody.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So - at the moment, it's a U.S. question, because you don't have the same growth in LVT. But to start with, we have over $ 1 billion, we'll get through not long of LVT capacity. And as the market will absorb it, we'll keep growing the capacity further. So we're well positioned and where it's going. In the existing assets and businesses, I think that we have the premium positions in the categories. We have low cost market, but production assets. And whatever the competition is going to be, we're going to get our fair share or more.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, I'd like to have more, is it. There is no constraints on our ability to expand capacity. So it takes - now with where we are, probably it takes a little over a year to execute it. So we'll go for four, five months, and see what happens. And if we see we're going to be able to grow up further, there's nothing that's stopping us from keep going on capacity in the United States.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know that off the top of my head. I don't even know my present North American capacity is off the top of my head with all these businesses. It will be - I would guess it's still going to be less than our market share of everything else of the average. We have much higher market shares in the other pieces, is it. Now, what's happened is we made a conscious decision to hold up going after the marketplace as aggressively. Our sourcing some, but almost everybody else is sourcing almost everything they're buying from China. So we made a decision to put in capacity and we didn't want to spend all the marketing cost and then throw it out six, nine months later. So it's held us up a little bit from being as far along as we would like. But I believe that we're going to be the best position in the marketplace, when we get through, and we'll keep growing it as the market will accept it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're running all of our recycling pieces that capacity, so it's hard to push much more through it. We have announced to put an investment in this year that will be running the end of the year to increase our recycling and extrusion capacity relative to that, we'll be running in, and I don't know if it's the third or fourth quarter, is it. So we're expanding it, but we're utilizing all that we have presented.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The problem is, it's really different based on product and pieces you go through, so I don't really know what the number is off the top of my head.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But it's different by products ceramics higher than others. Carpet is - you go into different distribution channels, they pick it up and we don't have anything to do with it. So everyone is different.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We already do that. We have surcharges on it that we move up and down with the freight costs trying to recover it, as we go through. But it depends on the market conditions and where you are. Sometimes, we recover all, and sometimes, we recover less.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It depends by product category and region. I have to give you different answers. It depends on the competitive situation in each product, in each market of where it's going. But we try to recover all of it back. In some cases, we can get more and in some cases we get less, and we hope it all works out.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I haven't met a customer yet that likes to pay more for anything. What happened to it all, but we're trying to align the raw materials with our cost better and the increases. So we started in the fourth quarter, we saw it coming. But we underestimated dramatically what was going to happen. We announced an increase, the rest of the industry followed. We got into the first quarter and we saw getting worse. We announced another increase, the industry followed. So we're all acting rationally.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We aren't really looking at - we weren't able to compete with sourced products. And - we're using sourced to either give us products that are slightly different from where we are once we get it up or to act as buffers as the business changes, and we need more capacity as we go through. We made a conscious choice, as I said before, we're lagging the industry a little bit, we started from a low base. And we're lagging, because we postponed the aggressive introductions. But starting about last - the end of last year, we're moving into every market and every product category as fast as we can go to use up all this capacity that we're putting in.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know. We're not going to get that granular detail I can just tell you that we can be competitive with whatever we need to be.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm not sure, we're starting out with a preconceived idea. The - typically, commercial is lower run sizes and lower units. But higher margins in the residential is higher volume at lower margins. And then you have with the product category, rigid LVT, which is what the new plan is going to do, is growing at the top end, and it's a limited portion of the commercial business. So we'll just have to manage the assets to whatever the customers want. Our new facilities will make any other product types that customers desire, and we'll just balance it between them as they go forward and we'll optimize - once we– if we ever get - if we get to a point where we're constrained. We hope to either put more in, or we'll manage the mix based on what makes the most sense for our business and operations.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, we improved our growth rate in the quarter as we took more business in new home construction and home centers.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You have to start from that up to now, the category is growing so rapidly, I mean, it's absorbing anything and everything, is it. There's more capacity coming on in China to support it, which is where most of its coming. As you'd expect, as things mature, the prices are getting a little lower in some cases depending upon the product category. And the designing, everybody keeps coming up with different designs to do differently. And in anything that's in this stage you have a lot of innovation going on both in materials, product types, designing across the board, and it's all part of the maturing process. The question is, how big - as the base gets bigger, what rates are going to grow and when is it going to peak out, and I have no idea.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Depending upon what we see over the next three to six months, we could make a decision to put more in.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So the major part of the price increases, we've been talking about is around carpet, which has had the biggest impact. And the carpet price increases, we've announced the increase and they're going up. We hope to have most of them in place in the third quarter to help offsetting - offset it. The price increases in vinyl with the increase in the LVT that's going on and the capacities that are coming in, there's a reduction in price rather than increase going on in pricing in it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If I had to give you my best guess now, which is it has no value, is that I would assume that the capital expenditures would decline next year, because we won't need all this new capacity, unless we can come up with new projects, new greenfield things. And at the same time, when we do acquisitions, when we buy the business, typically we try to figure out ways to make them better than they were before we got them. And it's not unusual to significantly invest in either upgrading the assets or putting them into new product innovations or pieces, so it's not unusual that we buy something. We'll put $50 million in it without even thinking to help it get to the next start. So it all depends on all those things as we go through it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see the best way to try to answer it. Our assets are among the best in the industry in every category. We have low cost high efficient assets. And we're constantly looking to improve them from there to stay at the leading front business. Anything that we can do that makes economic sense, which gives us returns and paybacks, that meet our expectations, we will put on and continue doing, because we have the capital to do it. And it will enhance our performance both short-term and long-term. At the same time, we have a huge organization that can take on a lot of things. And if we can find new products such as quartz countertops in United States, such as sheet vinyl in Russia, such as carpet tile in Europe, I mean we're building new businesses from scratch as you go through. And I know sometimes from the outside it's a little uncomfortable, because you guys would like it predictable by quarter. These things that have our startups, you find things that happen good and bad. And you can't exactly get them. The customers aren't sitting there, waiting on you to show up. And you have to give them reasons and build relationships to do it. Now, in the long-term these things over five years will be much higher returns than anything I can do other than my internal investments that I turn on and start up almost immediately. So to answer the question is we have a huge cash flow that's growing. We have an organization that's creative and executes well. And if we can continue doing these things, these are what is going to allow us to grow our earnings and our share value higher than the market over time. And they all come back to return on investment and risk. And I don't know how to give you specifics. And the answer is, if we can find those opportunities and it makes sense and they have reasonable risks, we're going to use our capital to do them. And they will give you higher returns to me giving the money back to you.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see if I can get close to you. If the industry growth slows down, we have to go take share in the pieces that are growing the most. The builder channel has the most growth in it. And then, we're going to be more aggressive in all the pieces. Now, in - in the typically the specialty channel uses higher value stuff that's more differentiated, that's prettier than the other channels. So if we're selling more into the other channels it affects our product mix as we go through, as if. We manage the business based on utilizing the assets. And at the same time, we have to balance it with our margins, as if. I don't know if you know. When we go into recessions we change strategies and we start selling much lower value products. We go in and start taking in ceramic. I don't know if you know, about 50% or more of the industry is imported. So when things slow down, we go after the things where they make a home in it. And that's just to use the capacity and as we come out, we change the mix again. So we're just in this part where we anticipate it and growing more the whole industry, that LVT is taking it. And we're now readjusting our strategies to get more of what's left.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think what you're asking is, there's two parts. One is that the reason it is hard to talk about capacity is it's a moving target. So if you go back a year ago, I was putting in - a year ago we were ramping up a ceramic plant in the United States. That was in the number a year ago. And now this year that's off the list. The plant is running pretty good and that one has dropped off and something new has come on. So that number happens to be the same as a random event, as if.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If I can tell you. Second from that is, in the growth of the business all of this is - as you were right, all of this isn't going to be incremental. And at all points in time we have businesses increasing sales, business decreasing sales. And you have profits going up and down. So it's - 100% of this isn't going to fall to the bottom line but major parts of it are, as if. I mean, if you take the thing and just take our average EBITDA 20% times 1.5, you got $300 million of EBITDA if it all fell to the bottom. I'm not telling you it's all going to fall to the bottom. But the numbers are so big. I mean, I don't think the group is focusing on the opportunities that we're investing in. And if you look at it, the $1.4 billion - don't hold me to this. I think it might put it, just the incremental in capacity we're adding might be equal to with the top five or six flooring producers in the world.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And so, we don't think as narrow as you guys by month, as if. These things, you start setting them up and putting them in. I mean, it may be two or three months longer or it might be two or three months shorter than our plans. That's just part of the deal.
Frank Boykin: The other thing I would point out to there, remember we got incremental depreciation of $75 million this year spread across all four quarters.
Frank Boykin: I think it will be for the full year a little bit higher than the 140, and then we'll have some projects like Jeff was saying that start this year. And then you get part of the benefit this year and part of the benefit next year.
Frank Boykin: Let's see if I can sort of get you directionally. The chemical costs are the biggest parts in the materials and the ones that use chemicals to go into them would have the highest one, which are carpet and vinyl. Now, it doesn't mean that the other ones aren't there. But those have much higher percentages of chemicals then, let's say laminate, which just the top is affected. And in the freight rates, the United States - it's the freight rates in the United States, there are all kinds of things going on with the transportation, because capacity was tight to begin with. The regulations that they put through reduce the capacity even further, with the regulatory changes. And with that we're also investing more in our own trucking fleet to take a higher percentage of it with all those going on.
Frank Boykin: Listen, we appreciate you guys joining us. We are excited about our opportunities. We believe we're doing the right thing for the long term of the business as well as the short term. And we think in long term, we're going to have a much stronger business. Have a good day.
Christopher Wellborn: Well, we're doing things in all geographies. We're introducing new slip-resistant tiles and large sized commercial projects. We're expanding our builder and commercial distribution. We're increasing our sales in home centers in Mexico and South America. We're ramping up new tile and stone centers. And we will soon begin manufacturing quartz countertops with the opportunity to become a leader in the category.
Christopher Wellborn: The inflation does include transportation. And inflation is a moving target and it's hard to say what the number is going to be as we look down the road. And it's…
Christopher Wellborn: Any kind of estimate we got is - any kind of guess we got that is built into our estimates right now.
Christopher Wellborn: Yeah, what we have is LVT is impacting our business in North America. And we also had the higher freight and startup costs. Our ceramic business grew in all regions. And in North America, we increased our share in that new home construction and home centers. We're launching new products and reducing our costs, which will improve our margins going forward.
Christopher Wellborn: Yeah, I'd also add besides just the impact from LVT that we're doing a lot of new things in the U.S. with this slip resistant products, with the quartz coming on, so we have a lot of areas where we can grow our business.
Christopher Wellborn: The other thing, Michael, I would add is that while LVT is impacting it in the U.S., when you get to markets like Mexico, where we're growing fast, Russia where we're growing fast, and even in Europe we've been able to improve our product mix, so the ceramic sector is a global business with a lot of levers.
Christopher Wellborn: I can answer that. So our ongoing business had good growth with LVT and wood panels performing the best. Our LVT was constrained in the period and the new production will increase sales and add new products. Our investments in laminate, carpet tile, sheet vinyl will further enhance the business. So we have a lot of things that's going to improve it going forward.
Christopher Wellborn: Well, I don't know exactly by quarter. But I can tell you that the capacity we're adding in LVT is coming up, plus later on in the year we'll have these investments in laminate, carpet tile, sheet vinyl, all things that should increase the sales of the business over time.
