Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Mohawk's second quarter sales rose to $3.2 billion, up 6.7% as reported or approximately 11.1% on a constant basis. Sales grew in all our segments, with our top line results benefiting from price increases, enhanced product mix, improvements and commercial and contributions from our small acquisitions. As the quarter progressed, the global economic environment became increasingly challenging, and our organizations implemented additional actions to support our performance.  Our operating income for the quarter was in line with our expectations, even as material, energy and transportation inflation remained a significant headwind and our translated results were impacted by the strengthening US dollar. Over the past 18 months, all of our businesses have faced extraordinary inflation, and we have instituted multiple price increases to pass through these higher costs. We're also taking numerous operational actions, including cost controls, productivity improvements, mix and logistics enhancements. Across our markets, inflation is causing changes in consumers' discretionary spending. US housing sales have been impacted more than our other markets as mortgage rates have risen faster. Unlike past economic cycles, housing demand exceeds the available supply and foreclosures are not an issue. In Europe, interest rates have not risen as much as the US, though consumer discretionary spending is being eroded by energy and other inflation, which is impacting demand. Volatility in natural gas supplies have caused a dramatic spike in near-term prices and supplies and pricing remain uncertain. The European countries are considering strategies for alternative supply, ways to ration gas and subsidies to support those most affected. In most regions, investments in commercial construction and remodeling, remains solid. Both projects that were deferred due to the pandemic and new projects are being initiated in greater numbers as the commercial sector continues to strengthen. As we navigate the near-term market dynamics, Mohawk's strong balance sheet provides many options for investments, including internal expansion, acquisition and stock buybacks. During the second quarter, we announced approximately $440 million in new acquisitions, with the largest being an agreement to acquire Vitromex, a leading ceramic manufacturer in Mexico. In early July, we completed the acquisition of Foss Floors, a leading U.S. needle punch flooring manufacturer. In Europe, we are making excellent progress integrating our 2021 bolt-on insulation and panel acquisition. We're contributing -- which are contributing to our results as expected. We continue to explore additional acquisition opportunities. Our expansion projects remain on schedule, including laminate, LVT, quartz countertops and European porcelain slab. These investments will help us satisfy current and future demand as well as deliver our next generation of product innovation and operational efficiency. Now Jim will review our second quarter financial performance in greater detail.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. During the first half of 2022, we delivered solid results despite the pressure of significant inflation, rising interest rates and geopolitical instability. In the US, rapidly rising interest rates are impacting housing sales, and inflation is causing changes in consumer discretionary spending. Residential remodeling is softening as consumers postpone upgrading their homes. New home and multi-timely flooring channels remain strong, and the commercial sector continues to improve as new and deferred projects are initiated. Though interest rates are lower in Europe, dramatically higher natural gas prices and constrained supply are reducing economic growth. Given these factors, we anticipate softening demand and increased pressure on our margins going forward. We're taking targeted actions across the enterprise to adjust to these changing market conditions. Material and energy costs continue to rise, and we're implementing further price increases in response. We're introducing higher-value products and enhancing our service levels to expand sales. We're reducing expenses and initiating new process improvements. We'll be implementing multiple restructuring projects across the company to reduce our costs. We also expect improvements in material supply and transportation as we go through the remainder of the year. In the US, we anticipate that rising interest rates will strengthen the dollar and reduce our translated results. Given these factors, we anticipate our third quarter adjusted EPS to be $3.33 to $3.43, excluding any restructuring charges. Mohawk has successfully managed through economic cycles many times before. Over the long-term, flooring grows at a faster rate than the overall economy. Around the world, a deficit in housing stock requires additional construction in most regions. In the US, housing demand exceeds supplied by an estimated 5 million units and it will take years to satisfy. In addition, over 20 million homes are between 20 and 40 years old and in need of significant renovation. Our business is well positioned to benefit from the long-term growth in new home construction, residential remodeling and commercial projects. We have a strong balance sheet that supports growing the business through internal investments as well as acquisitions and stock buybacks. We will enhance the performance of our acquisitions, and we'll continue to seek opportunities in new products and geographies. We remain optimistic about Mohawk's future, and the actions we are taking today will improve our results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the order trends. The order trends slowed as we went through the quarter, and we exited with a lower order demand than we saw at the earlier part. When you look forward into Q3, it's normally slower than Q2 historically due to the seasonality. In addition, last year, we ran at higher levels to improve our service. Inflation is impacting discretionary spending and remodeling across the world, and we have assumed it's going to slow the business and demand down. Our view of European demand and cost is much more pessimistic today than it was a quarter ago. We anticipate having lower production in the third quarter, which will raise our costs as we align it with demand. In addition, don't forget the US dollar has really strengthened, especially against the euro since last year and will lower our translated results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think it's possible. We don't have a clear view into all of our customers' inventory levels and it differs by product, by category, by country. But we believe that they reduced them in the second quarter, and we think there could be some more reductions in the third quarter, but our visibility is limited at best. And the second part of it, the restructurings. We are not taking any meat out of the business. We are taking costs out in operations that are -- that we anticipate running less. We are in Europe doing some organizational changes in both our Rest of World business and our ceramic business in order to get them aligned with how we see the future business is going to be in Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. Well, you asked a lot of questions, if I can get to them all. The restructuring plans are still being finalized that we talked about. It's all in order to adapt to the conditions as we see them for the near term. And we talked about the restructuring. The largest is in Flooring North America. But in Europe, we expect a significant change in the environment. We are also changing it so that we're right for it as for the near-term. On the expansion pieces, the current expansion projects are really focused on the areas where we have increasing sales opportunities and/ or capacity constraints. So the areas where we're focused, there's laminate in the United States, which we're shipping all we can make. We have a new production lining in, and it's already all committed for. We have the countertops that we are oversold in the business. We're importing products from around the world to supplement it. The LVT -- we have in Mexico starting up. We believe we have business expansion to use it. And we also have a sourcing, which we can modify if the economy and businesses don't expand as much as we had hoped. And then we have premium ceramic outside where we have a slab business, which is also oversold and we're sourcing from other people. All of these are technologies that we've used in the past. There's no significant changes, which should limit the start-up costs in each one. And then the other lower investments are focused on productivity and product features. And we have postponed some investments until the visibility of everything improves.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is nothing in that that's affecting the commercial business. In the past, we announced that we were going to consolidate one operation in order to improve the productivity of it, and it's well along the way. We continue to invest in salespeople, new products. We believe that the commercial business is going to stay strong. We look at the projects being worked on in the marketplace, looks like there's still a lot coming in. And we see that hospitality and retail have increased, and they're still recovering from the bottom point. There are projects that were delayed that are being reinstated. And in the category, we see hard surface growing faster than carpet tile. And in the whole category, our margins are expanding with improved mix as well as volume.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start out with first. Our ability to project the inflation is really poor. Our current businesses are facing extraordinary inflation, and we're still managing some supply disruptions at this time. We've increased prices during the second quarter, and we've announced additional price increases, which are being implemented in this quarter. We're taking actions to control costs. We're taking actions to improve productivity. The businesses are trying to improve the mix, and we're restructuring in the different businesses that we've talked about where it's appropriate. The energy in Europe remains a problem. The pricing remains unknown and it will pressure our margins, both in the ceramic business as well as in the other businesses as it evolves. And we have a very limited view of how it's going to impact the demand there. We'll have to all see together.
Jeff Lorberbaum: When you go into recessions, you have a significant volume deterioration. Usually, it's difficult to take out costs and be prepared for coming out of it and not have the margins deteriorate, and we would anticipate the same thing would happen now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have any major restructuring plan beyond this as the business -- as we go through a downturn when it happens, we cut back on inventories. We cut back on production. We reduced investments in marketing and staffing. We don't replace people that leave, and we shrink the business without destroying our ability to go back, which is just, I think, about every eight to 10 years, we do this.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And just as another note, going into this thing at this point, it's really different. The housing demand has been exceeding supply. Normally, we've been overbuilt that has to get taken out of the system. The rental markets are really at low vacancy rates and commercial is still expanding, and you have employment at high levels. I mean, this is a really unusual environment.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're trying to do everything with the businesses to maximize the mix and bring out products that customers will pay more. However, in slowing environments that you're in, increasing prices always gets more difficult as demand slows, the different -- all the players in the market are trying to operate their assets. And usually, when you go through this environment, the material costs also start declining. So those would be typical.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to put it in perspective of where they came from, when the industry and us, when our service levels were poor, they were trying to maintain their operation. So they raised their inventories, because they couldn't depend on we, and the rest of the industry to deliver it, on time at the last minute. So through that, they raised inventories. In the last quarter, I can't speak for the industry, but our supply has gotten much better. So they need to happen, but they have to take out, and they don't have to have those investments as they go through. Remember, in our business, flooring is one of the last things you put in, in a home when you build it because you don't want all the people walking through it doing the things they are, scratching it and the owner comes in and doesn't like it. So we're one of the last things that go in, as you go through. So it's a tail of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, you have to start out with, that most of the expansion projects, the big ones, we've been discussing for over a year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the orders for the equipment are just now coming in, and some of it won't even come in for -- to later. So these things take from when you start them to when you end them, most of them take minimum 18 months and could take two years or more, is it? So these are all long-term pieces. There have been some of them that we are in different stages with. We've postponed the investments we're going to make in Brazil in that business at the moment. And we postponed other smaller ones, but the big ones that are three quarters through, you can't stop the baby.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you would suspect, we don't have exact views of our customers. So most of it is intuitive of what's going on rather than fact-based. And we -- and then given the size and variation of the pieces, there's a lot of differences between businesses and channels. The retail business, where there are significant inventories, we believe all those are reducing their inventories as they see a pullback in demand. And then many of them had escalated inventories because of the lower service levels they've had in the last 1.5 years. So we believe those are pulling back. Where they are and how much is there, we don't have an exact view of it. We believe there's some more to take out as we go through. On the rug side, everything you read about the top 10 retailers and countries, those are the customers, and they're all over inventory. They're all cutting back in all the things they can do to reduce their inventories, and they're cutting back in things even that are -- because other inventories are out of line, they're cutting back on a lot of things. So the decline of it was a huge amount. We think most of -- we think a big chunk of that one is out, and we expected moderate improvements in the rugs going forward different than the others.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure there's that much difference between the categories at this point. The carpet industry slowed down more. So it's probably got more impact.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't break it down at that detailed level. The commercial construction remodeling, as you said, is strengthening across all channels. It's led by government, workplace and health care channels. We've seen the hospitality and retail increase, and it hasn't recovered as much. So it's got a lot more to go versus the other channels. We're seeing projects that were delayed being reinstated. And I think we said this earlier, the hard surface businesses continue to grow faster than the carpet tile business. In our business, the commercial has a higher margin than our residential business. So it's improving our mix. And then within the commercial business, as these larger projects go on, they tend to use higher value products, which improves our mix part of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it was more in the flooring category is it. But then -- also, you have to remember that the vacations are coming up, so we tend to build inventories and take out during the vacations. We're planning on having higher -- more downtime this year. Last year, we were trying to minimize all the downtime to build inventories. This year, we will have more downtime as we go through the period in the vacation time frame.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the other thing, if the gas prices stay where they are, that will have a bigger impact in the fourth quarter as the inventory flows through.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Again, thank you for joining us today. We're confident about our future, and we're taking actions to improve our results. Have a good day.
James Brunk: From a segment standpoint, obviously, we're seeing pressure in the ceramic segment, mainly due to energy, but also remember, employing Rest of the raw materials. So the current environment really in Europe is somewhat unpredictable with geopolitical events. We are seeing some decline in consumer spending. All the energy and kind of chemical-based materials are rising and are costly. We continue, though, to push increases in prices. And we do have some advantages in our Flooring Rest of the World segment with investments that we have made in waste energy and wind mills as an advantage. I'd also say that with commercial being strong, that helps the ceramic business in the U.S. and in Europe and also the Flooring North American business as well.
James Brunk: Mohawk has a really strong history, and the management team out in each of the segments is well prepared to monitor their demand and the cost -- and match the cost appropriately. And so this is something that we've gone through before. And I think the teams are well prepared to take a challenge on again.
James Brunk: I'd remind you that the strength of the balance sheet that Mohawk finds itself in with strong liquidity and low leverage certainly gives us a lot of flexibility.
James Brunk: Well, Mike, first of all, as I said, we'll release the Q after the call. So we'll have all the detail. But I would share the fact that. So in Q1, we were about $11 million behind when you look at price mix versus total inflation. We're a little bit better than that in Q2. So we've closed that gap, again, price/mix versus total inflation. As you look forward, as we've said, it's a little bit more unpredictable with the rise of energy in Europe, especially impacting both our consumption of natural gas and our chemicals. So we would expect a little bit spreading of that gap in Q3, and that was all considered in our guidance.
James Brunk: The first part of the question on mix, especially in Europe. So ceramic Europe, again, in the second quarter -- as we anticipated, they did a very good job of really countering the energy piece of inflation in the quarter. In terms of across the board, the different product categories, what you see is with commercial increasing. That helps the margin profile in ceramic and in North America, along with ceramic Europe. And in many cases, what we are doing is trying to push the premium side of the products in the face of the rising inflation.
James Brunk: And I would say the concentration is higher in US ceramic than is in Flooring North America as a percentage of the sales.
James Brunk: Well, in the quarter, as we saw demand lessen and the environment becomes more unpredictable. We did pull back on some production to keep inventory aligned.
James Brunk: First of all, the balance sheet, again, is very strong with liquidity of $1 billion and the leverage finished the quarter about 1.1 times. In terms of cash flow, we're -- it was about flat for the quarter. It's really impacted by the increase in inflation and growth in sales, along with some of the investment in our capital projects. We do anticipate as we go through the year, certainly to have a strong positive cash flow with inventory increasing, mainly due to inflation, improving service and some investment in future projects, which will help our going forward results. And remember, we've committed to two acquisitions at this point for approximately $440 million, and the full year CapEx is now about $785 million.
James Brunk: So as we said, we're completing the plans on that. You should see most of the cost hit between Q3 and Q4 with limited savings at the end of the year, and then it will ramp up to the full amount during 2023.
James Brunk: We purchased very little in the quarter with the announcement that we made of the two acquisitions for over $400 million. But based on the strength of the balance sheet that I talked about previously, additional acquisitions and stock buybacks will continue to be opportunities as we go through Q3 and the end of the year.
Chris Wellborn: Well, natural gas is -- first of all, the energy volatility in Europe is substantial. Natural gas is significantly raising inflation and is affecting demand. It's also impacting the cost of many of our chemicals and materials that we use.
Chris Wellborn: I think because of the cost of gas, some smaller competitors in Italy are shutting down. And so far, we've been able to get gas, but we can't predict it for the future.
Chris Wellborn: Truman, we've reformulated our body composition with alternative materials. The majority of the products will change over in the third quarter and the balance will be changed as we get into end of the year. We're not exactly sure where the rest of the group is, but we've made a lot of progress in changing our material.
Chris Wellborn: But I think the best way to look at that, historically, energy is between 10% and 15% of our ceramic cost, and in Europe now at 35% to 40%. Recently, gas prices have spiked again and we'll just have to see how market evolves. We have -- in that environment we focused on the premium end of the market, where energy is less percent. We've introduced more differentiated products, and I expect we'll lose a little share in the low end of the market.
Chris Wellborn: Well, in the quarter, import pricing increased given energy and transportation costs. Ocean freight availability is improving, but the cost is still elevated. Our domestic manufacturing is well positioned with the premium collections and our commercial demand is improving. We've seen the freight decline a little bit, but it's still elevated.
