Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2011 conference call. Joining me on this call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who'll review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We typically don't get into the exact details of each of the segments in the 4 pieces. I can tell you that for the -- if you look at the full year 2011 growth, we expect those trends to continue going on into 2012. And what happened in '11 though, we had, in the second half, the comparisons were a little easier so they’ll be a little different in '12. But we think that the present trends we're seeing will continue in all the different categories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've done a lot of restructuring in all the businesses. We don't have any planned at this point. But I have to tell you, we're always looking to better position the business, if we identify opportunities to do that that we'll do it. We will take short-term charges and implement those as we go forward. If I left you the impression we're through with cost reductions, I made a big error. It is on top of the list of each of the divisions. It's pushed down through the pieces. We have developed over the last few years really good systems of identifying potential opportunities. They are all aligned by business, by -- all the way down to the department levels. There are monthly reviews of those pieces, and we're driving them hard.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are some conversations going on. As is typical when you're in these points in time, you're sort of at an inflection point where the sellers of businesses believe that they want to get paid for the future improvements, and the buyers want to pay for what the business is presently doing. So in those times, we're in a time where there probably be more acquisitions going on in the marketplace over the next year, but we have to move through those where they profit the line with expectations on both sides.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We'll break out the specific pieces, the -- I think in last year, the commercial carpet grew as an industry somewhere at about 7%. Part of that is driven by a shift to higher-priced tiles, so that's actually growing -- the dollars are growing faster than the units in the whole industry. As we look at the Residential business in our thing, we see the industry as a total, we think, is probably flat to off slightly but improving. Our view going forward in '12 is that the residential piece is going to continue strengthening with the employment and the economy, and we really expect the Renovation and Building businesses to improve, what’s built into our own forecast.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're not seeing a significant change at this point. We believe it's bottomed out. And we're optimistic about it improving with the economy, but I can't say we’ve really seen it yet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have -- in the last years, we've gone through significant inflation in the carpet industry. We have been able to pass it through. What you saw last year was not that we weren't able to pass it through, is that the timing was moved 1 month or 2, which is not exactly the same thing. I see no reason why if the raw materials go up that we won't pass them through because they're such a high percentage of the total cost when they go up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's a lot of moving pieces. So first, you have the price increases that went in. I don't have it in front of me the average pricing went up. But what happened is not only you're having those go up, you have a change in mix from nylon to polyester. So there was a mix change so you bought similar value products out of lower raw materials. There's a dramatic shift going on in that, offsetting some of the price increase that's going on. In addition to that, you have the consumer trading down from our higher-priced products to a lower one, so what you -- the realization to the price in total is different. I don't have that by segment. If you look over the whole business, I would guess that about 4% of the total was price increase across all the various businesses -- of the total dollar increase, about 4% of it is pricing across all the various businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, we do have the information. No, I don't have the information. We track all of the major builders in each of the different relationships we have. The major builders we have multiple ways of getting to them depending upon how they want to do business. Some of the builders have specifications that they specify the products to it. Some have national specifications. Some have regional specifications. Some buy through contractors that they make arrangements for. Some control the purchases that the contractor provides them. Some of the contractor provides them, so we develop relationships with the various contractors within it. And there's -- then you get to the smaller ones, there's then 100 other ways to do business. So there's all types of ways. I think that we have good relationships with most of them. We're doing things to increase the specifications in all of our businesses with them. I think we're well-positioned in the marketplace, and we'll continue to do things to try to maximize our share. When we look at it this year, it's going to improve. We're guessing about 15% or so. So 15% of a relatively low level versus historical, and we hope to participate more than our share of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have those in front of me, but there are charts that show market prices of them that are readily available. What happened in last fall, the polypropylene were high. They took a dip, and then they came back up where they are. The prices going forward, they're anybody's guess. They're driven by oil prices on one side, their chemical capacity on the other and worldwide demand, and they can be going opposite directions. So far my forecasts, I mean, they're not worth the paper they're written on 3 to 6 months from now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have the exact numbers. The raw materials in total across all the different businesses probably went up approaching $200 million across the various businesses. I don't have the exact numbers in front of me. And what happened is that we passed through a lot of it. On the other hand, a lot of the productivity and improvements we made went -- offset that, which is why the margins didn't jump dramatically.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's not enough time past to see the impact of that, and we're still waiting to understand it. And what the erratic part of it is, it's hard to tell what it's going to be a month from now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, you have the same thing that's going on here is that there's been trading down of the quality of the products. So that as you traded down, some of the margins were compressed with the trading down. We've been able, through the expansion of our distribution into the DIY channel, that our product to, we think, do better than the marketplace. And volume -- on the other side, we think our margins are much higher than the rest because we have no commodity business in the -- in that business where there's other participants that have huge commodity businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't speak for all the importers. I can tell you that we're seeing it in Mexico, in China and the U.S. So the raw materials in every market I’ve seen are going up. They have the same suppliers across the world. So all markets are having those. The other part is that you got to keep remembering in Ceramic is that a large part of the costs are moving it to the destination in transportation, and I don't care where you buy it from. It goes up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are looking for places to use the cash in Europe, but you're assuming that I don't have any other options to raise capital, which I don't think is correct.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think the trend's continuing, and it's going to continue. Polyester products are being able to be put in a broader selection of products. The customers are looking how to provide the most value to their consumers. They're trying to offset the price inflation of the raw materials, so we believe that polyester will continue growing, which is one of the reasons we invested almost $100 million in expanding our extrusion capacity to support it and our SmartStrand. The 2 things are different. The SmartStrand is going into higher-value products, and we really believe that we have a huge opportunity in the high end with the new silk products we're introducing. There is -- there are 2 trends in the marketplace. One is cheaper products in polyester, and the other is softness. And our silk products are a dramatic step change for the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, we always try to improve our position in all the pieces. We participate in all the parts in the marketplace. I think that as it shifts -- it's going to shift back because nobody wakes up in the morning and says they want the cheapest thing in their homes. They all aspire to have better. And there's been a compression through the entire channel about the retailer trying to present a value to the customer to get a bigger share and the suppliers trying to meet those needs, so that compression has made it much worse. At some point, it's going to turn, and we think we're positioned to participate in both.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What I said was there was no restructuring at this point and that we're always looking to better position the business. And if we find things we could do, we would do them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining our call. It looked like were well-positioned at the marketplace, and we’re optimistic about 2012. Have a good day.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank H. Boykin: Where to start with that one? The margins in the Unilin segment are depressed as the whole market has gone through a downturn. The market continues to remain difficult, so the margins have been compressed. We see the market remain difficult in the period. As we look forward into next year, we see slowing of the European economy in general. The compression, I guess, relates back to -- in Europe there's more excess capacity in the marketplace as the economy really hasn’t -- in the building segment, things haven't bounced back yet, and there are still customers trading down. What’s happened to ours in the short-term is that our portfolio growth has been more in the non-laminate products, and that growth is that -- and the non-laminate products don't have the same margins as our differentiated laminate products. If you look over the long term, we expect the margins to improve as we come out of this thing going forward. But I think that they'll probably be in the mid-teens rather than we're up in the 18% range -- 16% to 18%, probably be in the 14% to 15% when we come out of this thing.
Frank H. Boykin: In the fourth quarter, there was about $3 million of start-up costs. I don't have it by the quarter. For next year, it's probably going to be an additional $8 million to $10 million with most of it front-end loaded in the first half.
Frank H. Boykin: Most of it is going to be in the Dal-Tile, in Unilin businesses. The Dal-Tile is starting up the Mexican plant and the Unilin putting more investments in the Russian plant getting it off the ground. And then there's a lot of smaller things across all the businesses.
Frank H. Boykin: The capacity put in Mexico, the average selling price of the material is about half of what it is in the U.S. because of the different materials, as well as we don't have the same distribution margin in it as well. The plant, as it's set up, will probably have a capacity for around $50 million of additional sales when it starts up. It can be significantly expanded from that point. It should impact the margins when it gets running sometimes towards the end of the year. We expect the cost to come down. And as we move to production from our either northern plant, which we're actually shipping higher-cost products at lower prices getting prepared for that, and as we bring other products in, it should impact positively the margins in Mexico a few percentage points.
Frank H. Boykin: I don't really know because -- it was probably a little bit, but I don't know for sure because of that -- the mix change was so dramatic.
Frank H. Boykin: In most of the businesses, we don't have specific numbers to get them at this point. The industry numbers aren't available in most of the different pieces. I think that in the Mohawk segment, we turned a corner, and I think that we did slightly better than the industry. We put a lot of things in place to improve our share over the past year through enhancing our sales team, expanding our polyester and SmartStrand offering, improving our commercial offering on those. In the Dal-Tile business, we keep expanding our presence and broadening our product line in the United States. The commercial business has improved in the U.S., and we have a large -- a larger share of the commercial business and the residential business in the Dal-Tile business. I think we're set up to grow faster than the industry as it picks up. The Unilin business has a lot of different parts in it. I think that our laminate business we improved share in, but we're in a lot of businesses in Europe that are highly depressed. And I don't know exactly when they're going to come out.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, at the operating margin level, I think we're looking at the Mohawk division at maybe 15% incremental margin. And then Unilin or rather Dal-Tile at about 25%, and Unilin at about 30%.
Frank H. Boykin: I mean, the price increases for the most part are well being executed already. So it's not like we don't know where they are. They're going through the marketplace and being implemented as we speak. We understand the competitive market at this point, and they're basically in place moving forward.
Frank H. Boykin: But we do believe our current price increase that we've got in place that we're implementing now is going to cover any present raw material cost. And as Jeff said earlier, we'll adjust further as we need.
Frank H. Boykin: And let me just clarify, the money that is outside of the U.S., we can use it anywhere outside of the U.S., not necessarily just in Europe and not have tax consequences.
Frank H. Boykin: The raw material inflation was about $26 million. But -- I'm sorry, $44 million. But we also, as I mentioned, we bought ahead. We make -- we strategically increased our carpet raw material inventories about $26 million to get ahead of some cost increases.
Frank H. Boykin: It's a -- let me just kind of go through that for you. It's -- first, to make it clear, there's no cash impact on us. The accounting rules here require that uneven lease payments be expensed on a straight-line basis. And we were previously estimating the amount. We put in a new lease accounting system that gave us a more precise number, and that's what we're recording now so it's a true-up to get us to a more precise number.
Frank H. Boykin: We're seeing continued trends at the sales level. What we said was that the second half of last year and the fourth quarter in particular had easier comparisons because the prior year, the volume went up in the first half and was under pressure in the second half. From there, we said as we look forward into this year, we think that the overall growth for 2011 will continue into there, noting that the comparisons will be a little more difficult though.
John A. Baugh: I was wondering if we could look at raw materials in calendar '11 in full. And you mentioned, I think, that you estimated 4% pricing for the year. What would raw materials have been? And what I'm trying to get at is, you keep talking about catching up with the prices that you're going to implement now. I'm wondering sort of what the dollar spread was between how much raws went up in 2011 across all of your businesses versus how much your prices went up.
John A. Baugh: So -- but if that were true, I mean, you did, what, $5.16 billion in revenue, and you said 4% of that was maybe pricing.
John A. Baugh: And my final question would be on Unilin. If we were somehow able to separate off just the European Laminate business, Jeff, has the margin there pretty much held up? Have the volumes pretty much held up? I understand all the Board issues and other things, where it sounds like it's pretty depressed.
