Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning to the Mohawk third quarter 2010 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financial results. Frank.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're optimistic about the improvements because they are at very low levels, and we believe that those levels will improve as the economy improves and as people get more comfortable spending money in the remodeling segment which they have been postponing. So we're reasonably optimistic. It's a little early to tell, but it appears that the commercial remodeling businesses, we're seeing some more activity presently and going forward. So we're expecting improvement.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Mexico, historically we've had a limited share of the marketplace; it's been less than 10%. And we focused on using the capacity to support our U.S. business. As the industry slowed down, we started increasing our participation in the marketplace and broadening our customer base. We're making good progress in there. The market place in Mexico is about half the size of the U.S. market in dollars but it's got similar volume because the average price points are difference on the products. We had been focusing originally before on basically high-end products in the marketplace. In the last year, we have started broadening out. So we compete in all price points in the marketplace, preparing to put more capacity in the market. We have a site selected down there, and we think that we can continue to increase our participation in the market. The market different than the U.S. market did not drop as dramatically as the U.S. market did. And this year, the market is actually expected to grow about 3% in the ceramic business which is a good sign. So we think we are prepared well for that marketplace and can improve our position with the new capacity and lower cost product that we are introducing and a plant setup to make those. In China, we have completed the Sanfi joint venture. The marketplace for Ceramic I think is around 75% of the foreign market. The Ceramic is about 60 billion square feet, which is about £25 greater than the U.S. marketplace. The market is fractured; the largest players in it only have 2%, 3%, 4% market shares. There is huge opportunity in growth. The company we've got together with has just built a new facility. They have one facility in South in Foshan that's about completely filled up. We built a new facility, which they were in the process of completing in the North. The capacity of the two things are close to 600 million square feet, which compared to the U.S. would be a huge capacity in the U.S. We think there are huge opportunities to improve the product line which they are focused on, basically polished porcelain. The glazed wall tile is a limited part of the marketplace but it's growing rapidly, glazed tile, unglazed tile. We believe we bring them additional styling and design. Way they are improving the operations of the business, we think we can learn from them. So far we've put in place a lot of discussions that put a new line in, in glazed to high end glazed tile, which is just starting up which we expect to start the season product from. We have started switching some of our polished porcelain purchases to them already. So we think we are well positioned in the marketplace there in the top ten of the companies. So we think we are in good position. We think that the new plant will turn up profit next year as we fill it on up. Just as a note, the first quarter is the low part of their seasonality as they take extended vacations. And the cold weather, especially in Illinois impacts the building and repair and modeling businesses up there, so the first quarter would be lower. But we think we are positioned well to take advantage of the growing marketplace, as well as a consolidation that we think is going to continue going on there. The Russian business, we started two years ago by starting to distribute tile into the Russian marketplace. We've built up a core business. We then put in local inventory to support a broader business. Presently we are expanding our customer base broader. And the plant is expected to start-up in mid next year. And we believe there is a huge opportunity to grow that from a very small business. And we believe the economy in Russian is going to continue growing, and we think we are positioned well for the initial step into that marketplace. I think all of these are good opportunities for us, and some of the will take a year or two before we see the results. So I think we are building a good infrastructure for growth opportunities in the future.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Presently they are relatively small. We feel we had less than 10% of market in Mexico. The joint venture only has about 2% of the market there, even though we're like the eighth largest player in the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the answer is the same for all our businesses. We've spent a lot of time reducing the infrastructure costs across all the businesses. We're expecting volumes improvement in all the businesses. Our plan in all the businesses are for margin expansion next year with volume increases leveraging all the work we've done over the last couple of years. I think the answer is consistent across all of them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you have the right to. I think that the price onus that we had that we lost some share in some of the opening price commodity marketplace is that we reacted a little slower in the marketplace. We lost some position. And I think that is a part of it. The second is that we didn't anticipate the polyester gain quite as fast is it's moved. And we are introducing products to gain the share in that that we expect. We have changed the manufacture equipment to support it. We've put in an additional investment in extrusion and will start in the first quarter. We're introducing products actively, and I think we're well positioned to get back where we want to be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the carpet side, we had the rising raw materials going into the third quarter, and we were trying to read the various marketplaces and what was going to happen. We thought we did the right thing. And add to the fact, we (inaudible) took us a little too long to adjust. In normal cases, you go into these increases and you've to adjust for what's going on in the industry. I think it's just a normal placing in our aggressiveness to try to manage it. Where we thought maybe we were compressing the margins ourselves, we took a little more firmer stand. So I think that's just a normal course of event. The Unilin side, there has been a huge upward move in the wood prices as well as the other raw materials being used in it. And that's compressed the margins as we lag it. We thought that possibly we'd be peaking in the second quarter and it's gone up substantially since then. At this point, it does look like it's flattening out, and we have to get the pricing back in line with it. I don't think why they're going to disrupt the long-term view of the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The average sealing prices are coming down in the marketplace and have been. It was anticipated that that would happen in the marketplace. Within that, we typically are not as impacted as much, because we have a very limited share of the commodity products of the marketplace. Typically, the commodity products are more effective. We tend to drive our business through product differentiation, much more so than the average of the marketplace, and we spend a lot of time on innovation. So they are down a percentile, and we've cut our costs in the manufacturing and infrastructures of the businesses. We have the other segment, board businesses, which are smaller pieces. But as you go through the cyclical downturn, the costs tend to go close to cash costs. You then put back with a rising environment of cost. And over time, we expect them to come back to more normalized levels, but that's typical of where we are in the process. I think we'd continue to invest in increasing our geography. We will continue to invest in broadening the product lines with new products, the niche products, the insulation board business moving into Russia. We are actually looking in Eastern Europe to do more in those marketplaces. And we're continuing to look at other geographies around the world. So I think we're well positioned. The margins long term would be hard to hit the high teen margins like we did at one point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We see that in 2010, we had the new construction business that's still relatively low. Every estimate that we're seeing shows 2011 new construction being better than 2010. We believe that the consumers are getting in better position from a debt basis. We believe that there is a little more optimism in the world. Spending is going up. There is a little more employment. We tend to focus on unemployment. There is a little more employment. So our assumption is that we will see some improvement in the remodeling fees as you go through. If you look at the commercial business, I think there are lot of signs that possibly we're at a bottom and that remodeling is improving. But if you take major pieces of the business, they all look like next year we will be better. The question is how much and when. Is it more difficult? But to see in the crystal ball, it looks like there is very limited view of it going down, and the question is how much will it improve.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the capacity side, we think we have enough capacity in place to manage the increases in volume over the next couple of years with some capital investment. We're planning to invest more next year than we did this year. This year, I think we put in about $180 million of investments. Next year, we're planning to put more in. Those will do two things. They will gives us improved costs in some places as well as where we think we have limitations in capacity. They will take care of those as we go through. When you look at the whole marketplace, we think that there are opportunities to participate in world markets better. You heard the explanation over the three in China, Russia and Mexico. We are looking in other marketplaces in different product categories and various ones going through. We haven't concluded in any of them, but we continue to look at those. And I think we're positioned well with the capital support for whatever we need.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The third quarter were relatively stable, and likely we started to see increases in raw materials at the moment we're watching the oil prices and the chemical prices trying to turn in other long-term impact. At this point, we're still evaluating and then trying to decide what pricing considerations we need to do if any.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The number you had asked for between this year and next year is in the 50 to 60 range for extrusion capacity.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What's happening is each of the different businesses have different materials and different pieces. The comment there was around the Unilin segment. The Unilin segment has a major part of their costs are based on the wood prices. The wood prices in U.S. and Europe has gone up dramatically, and we believe that those prices are at high levels. In the short term, we think that will stay at those levels for the near term. And the question is as you move through next year, if the wood supply would move off the peak levels they're at. There's a possibility that our plans at the moment are that they'll stay at those levels. On the Eastern Europe businesses, they are different ones.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are two separate pieces to the question. One is that in general, the marketplace has pushed more value products to the consumer that they think the consumer is looking forward to. And so all the different levels of the industry are trying to get lower price points to bring customers in to their retail establishments. And so that's impacting the general mix. There is a second mix question. As the raw materials have gone up, the industry is losing from the historical nylon and polypropylene raw materials more to PET, which is a lower cost alternative to making the same thing. So as the industry moves to more PET, that will be a lower value cost product than the equivalent nylon that we're seeing the trends. And that will continue as long as the differentials between the other categories remain where they are.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I am not sure I have that answer right now. They use a lot of the same products going for both categories. And the biggest part of those direct markets is in Thailand. And they like the way it looks. In the U.S. market, there is the same thing. They're at the high end of the marketplace due labor that's in them. So I don't really know the percent here. What we look at in both cases is that the amount of homes are increasing, the size and quality of homes are increasing. So that market still has a lot of potential. And in the commercial business, the infrastructure and new businesses continue to expand. They may be trying to slow it down a little bit now, but it's still going to continue at significant growth rate. And we think flooring will continue to grow at a greater rate in the general economy.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As you heard from the prior pieces, we're fairly confident that volume will improve. The question is how much and when. So the raw material cost, there is tremendous pressure across all commodities today as we've ended up with worldwide markets. And where used to be an island in the raw material and commodity costs to go up and down with the U.S., what we're seeing is that worldwide markets of the U.S., capacities are being exported or being balanced out around the world. And we're going to have to adapt to that in all markets and all product categories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Off setting the lag is going to be difficult. What you've heard is in the wood business, we believe that increased commodity cost is already here, and we're dealing with it as we speak. You had also heard that in the Mohawk segment, we're starting to see some of it, and it's a little too early to tell what's going to happen to it, because it's been volatile. And so we're evaluating, as we speak. In the ceramic side, we talked about a large part of our products are FOB destination. So those raw materials, the gas to manufacture it which is still relatively at reasonable prices, and then you have the transportation costs where we deliver locally. And you heard us saying we've announced prices to push through the transportation costs. So I think that there's potential that have raw material inflation in the Mohawk's segment. But it's a little early to tell where it's going to end up or not. And the other ones we are having it and we are acting upon it as we speak.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our approach as we move into different marketplace has been to find local management. I think it's probably the most important thing that we have to find, is the right management group that understands it. And I think that we believed that taking the same decision-making processes and overlaying them in different cultures and different environments is a mistake. And what we try to do is allowing ourselves with management that understand those and then take the philosophies we have that we think are good, and review those with philosophies they think are good. Because many times they have many ideas also we haven't considered. And we try to combine those rather than take a formula and overlay it over the top of anything. And if you look at our European business I think that it shows there how we operate the business and what we do. And I think it's the right approach.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We'll continue to manage the business and take the actions we think are appropriate for the long-term viability of the business. We continue investing in both the U.S. market as well as internationally, and we think we have lot of opportunities going forward. Thank you very much.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. Jeff.
Frank Boykin: Well, I think that we were a little aggressive in some of our price increases relative to competition in the marketplace, and so we've made adjustments for those. The raw material prices in all the different categories, as those go up they have to be passed through to the customers across the marketplace and that's our intention where it's required. In our Unilin business, we've announced multiple increases already. And in each of the businesses, we're looking over where they are and making terminations where they have to be done.
Frank Boykin: Not at this point, but it is basically a small but growing opportunity for us David in all three of those markets.
Frank Boykin: It's probably going to be in the $29 million to $30 million fourth quarter range, somewhere around there.
Frank Boykin: More of an operating margin and the contribution margin. It's seasonality, Thanksgiving, Christmas time, that's going impact both the sales impact and the margin impact.
Frank Boykin: The investment like Jeff said, Susan, next year is going to be higher than it is this year. We've not been into budgeting yet. So we don't have a number or an exact number to give you. But as we said, we do have the tile plant that has been started or rather they had found a site and they're going to start on that next year. And so that's probably going to be $65 million to $70 million to build that. And we are starting, as Jeff had mentioned, the Russian laminate plant and that's probably about $30 million investment in total, with a portion of that in this year and then a portion of it in next year. And then we've got some other projects that we're looking at too. We just need to add them all up in the cycle, we want to go through with or not.
Frank Boykin: Like I said earlier, with the holiday season at the end of the fourth quarter now and we had just such a difficult time with sales trailing off. I think like we said before 4% to 5%, 5% to 6% less than what it would have been otherwise with the fewer days. And in the margins, they're going to be lower in the second half of the quarter than they are in the first half of the quarter.
Frank Boykin: Yes, a normal mix of international-domestic strategy we have in place assuming that none of the tax laws that changed here are overseas, I mean kind of the low-to-mid 20% range.
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure I've got it broken down Dennis right here in front of me in that level of detail for those different time periods, but we can talk afterwards and I can go through it with you.
Frank Boykin: We have started to see improvements in the various channels. You have to understand that the ceramic business versus the carpet business, for instance, there is a significantly greater part of it in new construction. Remember that lags coming in, the ceramic business held up better coming into it and it tends to lag a little more coming out. We are seeing across broad channels more things going on with people starting putting projects back in and starting to upgrade them. It's just sort of across the board. And that's something that we're seeing in the institutional piece and the educational pieces and we're still seeing other parts of the business improve. So how that translates completely and keeps going, that's anybody's guess.
Frank Boykin: There's really in each one of the different marketplace, the Triexta is basically positioned versus nylon rather being positioned versus the PTT. And so the PTT is a separate market that I think we were surprised that the rapidness of its growth we participate in it. And we need to participate in more of the asset that we putting in for exclusion are flexible. And they can make any of the various raw materials required. So as the market shifts, we can shift between them.
Frank Boykin: The goal is to recover the cost and make sure we positioned well. You have to break the different markets down. And as you go through the different value propositions, the more commoditized the market, the more defines the market is. And so in the lower end of the marketplace, if you want to compete in it, you have to be competitive with the alternatives in the marketplace and we intend to be so. In the other product categories, it depends on what value you bring in to the marketplace, its style, design, service quality et cetera. And we are supposed to have the prices of the products to reflect the value we're putting in.
