James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2024. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff. 
James Brunk: Thank you, Jeff. Again, sales were just under $2.7 billion. That's a 4.5% decrease as reported and 5.5% on a constant basis due to year-over-year price and mix pressures continuing due to a combination of tight demand, the pass-through of lower input costs and the consumer trading down. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment was impacted the most by the price and mix issue in the quarter.   Gross margin was 24.2% as reported or 24.4% on an adjusted basis versus 24.1% in the prior year, primarily due to lower cost material and energy of $147 million substantially offsetting the negative impact of price and mix of $152 million, in addition to the benefit of our productivity and restructuring actions of $35 million. SG&A expense was 18.8% as reported an 18.4% on an adjusted basis, basically in line with the prior year.   That gave us an operating margin of 5.5% as reported. Nonrecurring charges were $17 million in the quarter, giving us an adjusted operating margin of 6.1%. That's a slight improvement over prior year, driven by the lower input cost of approximately $136 million and increased productivity of $47 million, offsetting the negative impact of weaker price and mix of $153 million and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of $12 million and temporary manufacturing shutdowns of $10 million.   Interest expense for the quarter was $15 million at slightly favorable versus prior year. Our non-GAAP tax rate is 21.8% versus 22.6% in the prior year. We expect Q2's tax rate to be between 20% and 21%, and the full year rate to be between 19% and 21%. That gave us an earnings per share as reported of $1.64 and on an adjusted basis of $1.86 an increase of 6% versus the prior year.   Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of just over $1 billion. That's a 1.4% decrease as reported and 5% on a legacy and constant basis due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix and lower volume as the industry demand remains compressed. Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 5%. That's a decrease of approximately 130 basis points due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $40 million reflecting the continued difficult market conditions and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of approximately $11 million, partially offset by lower input costs of $32 million and productivity gains of $14 million. In Flooring North America, we had sales of $900 million. That's a 5.6% decrease as reported due to lower remodeling activity impacting volume as well as pressuring price and mix across our product lines. The business improved through the quarter, and we are introducing new residential collections with unique features to enhance our carpet, laminate and resilient sales.   Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 5.3%. That's a significant improvement versus prior year with favorable impact of lower input costs of $57 million and productivity gains of $23 million, as we benefit from our cost optimization and restructuring initiatives. This was partially offset by unfavorable impact of price and product mix of $20 million. And finally, Flooring Rest of the World had sales of just over $730 million. That's a 7.4% decrease as reported or 5.9% on a constant basis due to the unfavorable impact of price and product mix, partially offset by an increase in our unit volume, even in a generally weak environment across Europe.   Operating margin on an adjusted basis was 10.1%. That's a decrease of 250 basis points driven by the unfavorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $92 million primarily in our panels business, which has declined substantially compared to the high prior year comps when the industry was running near capacity. These were partially offset by lower input costs of $48 million stronger unit volume of $11 million and productivity gains of $10 million.   Corporate and eliminations was $11 million for the quarter, in line with prior year and our full year forecast is for $45 million. Looking at the balance sheet. Cash and cash equivalents were just over $650 million with free cash flow in the quarter of $97 million. Inventories were just over $2.5 billion, with the year-over-year inventory decrease of about $200 million, primarily due to a reduction in costs.   Our inventory days were reduced to 125 days versus the year-end level of 130. Property, plant and equipment were just shy of $4.9 billion. Our CapEx for the quarter was $87 million, with depreciation and amortization of $154 million. The company plans to invest approximately $480 million to $500 million in 2024 with D&A for the full year forecasted to be approximately $600 million.   Overall, the balance sheet and cash flow remained very strong with gross debt of just over $2.6 billion and leverage at 1.4x. At this point, I will turn it over to Chris to review our Q1 operational performance. 
James Brunk: Well, first of all, just to remind you, our forecast this year is somewhere between $480 million and $500 million. That's below D&A of about $600 million about 45% of that is really focused on cost reductions and product innovation. 15% is relatively to complete those growth investments that you just mentioned. And the remaining 40% or so is on the maintenance of the business. Going forward into next year, given the completion of the capacity projects.   The focus will be on cost reductions, product innovation and the maintenance of the business, unless of course, we come up with new ideas from a capacity standpoint. In terms of other cash priorities, again, we'll focus on broadening our product offering and innovations around products identifying acquisitions, whether they be bolt-on or acquisitions that would help us get into new markets. And then share buybacks are still being considered as part of that allocation. 
James Brunk: Let me start with some of the assumptions around Q2, that give us a baseline. As we enter Q2, we are seeing some signs of increasing volume, but are seeing continued price and mix pressure we expect seasonality to be more aligned with historical levels. We continue to invest in innovative products, process improvements and cost reduction to try to control our costs still anticipate that FX will continue to be a headwind as well. In terms of material costs in Q2 we would anticipate the benefits from lower costs from a year-over-year perspective to be offset by that price and mix pressure with the Flooring Rest of the world continuing to be under the most pressure. 
James Brunk: Well, first of all, in the first quarter, as I said, if I just look at materials and energy, it's about $147 million favorable in terms of lower cost compared to the $153 million unfavorable price and mix. The most pressure was seen, as we said, in the Flooring Rest of the World category and that is the one place where materials and Energy did not offset the negative price mix.  I would think in the second quarter, I would anticipate that trend continuing where the pressure is the highest in Flooring Rest of the world. 
James Brunk: Yes, John, it is the right way to think about it. What I would anticipate, as you start to lap the prior year price/mix will become less of a headwind. Again, we're speaking about year-over-year. But you're also right, I'm going to start to also lap the lower cost. And so that will become less impactful as well. Really what it's going to turn into is, as we anticipate volume getting a little bit stronger, you'll get a pickup in volume, but you also get a benefit and less shutdown costs as well. And so that will be the focus as we go into the second half of the year. 
James Brunk: And overall, the commercial makes up roughly about 20%, 25% of the overall Mohawk business with it being the highest in the ceramic segment. 
James Brunk: At this point, no, in the first quarter, volumes were still lower in both the Florida North America and Global Ceramic segments, we did see, as we noted, some volume improvement in the rest of the world segment. 
James Brunk: Given right now, the low housing sales industry volumes are still down significantly, we think price/mix remains under pressure especially given the high fixed cost of operations. The industry will start to rebound as you start to see consumer confidence and housing activity certainly increase. But we do believe we should start to get towards the bottom of the cycle, but I would anticipate price/mix being that headwind for the balance of the year. 
James Brunk: That is the right way to think about it, it's more specified in nature and tends to be a richer blend of product and margin. 
James Brunk: Let me frame a little bit better for you, Mike, in terms of the restructuring actions. We continue to execute the actions that we have previously identified we've realized about $90 million of the savings of about $150 million goal through the first quarter. So that's last year through the first quarter of this year. So we have another $60 million of benefit that is going to flow through the P&L. Most of the -- much of the restructuring has been executed, including the closure of high-cost assets, the restructuring of LVT operations, discontinuing low-margin products and reducing administrative structure. And all the businesses are continuing cost reductions and SG&A operations and logistics. In the first quarter, that certainly was a part of the benefit of the $47 million that I noted in our productivity and that will help as we go through the balance of the year. 
James Brunk: So from -- let me start with your comment on the sequential on price/mix. From Flooring North America and Global Ceramic. From Q4 to Q1, it was relatively flat. But from Q1 to Q2, I would anticipate that you'll see more pressure in Flooring North America. Again, that's sequentially Q1 to Q2. Some of that is around seasonality. Some of that is in the price mix pressures in that segment.  But from an overall company standpoint, I still would say that Flooring Rest of the World remains under probably the most pressure because of what we've talked about in the panels area. 
James Brunk: So if you're looking -- it's a little early to tell that while it depends on the rebound. And if we start to see that volume increase, like we talked about earlier. But the real point was that Europe tends to peak in the second quarter from a historic standpoint. 
James Brunk: As we said on CapEx, really, our focus is more on the cost reduction and product innovation as we just complete the growth investments that we had talked about before. 
James Brunk: Yes. Stephen, the numbers that you're talking about are not unusual as you come out of a downturn, even if you go back to the last one, that first year, you get in kind of accelerated top in the sales as remodeling starts to come back, new home construction is stronger. So it's not unusual to get a multiyear benefit from the rebound before you get more back into a normal growth, which in flooring could be GDP plus type numbers. 
James Brunk: No. The commercial channel, again, keeps outperforming residential at this point. But as Jeff said, probably the biggest gains for the quarter were around the productivity that the segments through us. 
James Brunk: Yes. And we'll continue to watch certain signs. We look at indicators like consumer confidence. Obviously, we've talked about interest rates, but also discretionary spending and continued monitoring the housing starts as well as new build has been stronger through this cycle along with commercial. Most people are anticipating the remodeling business coming off the bottom.  It's been so low with people postponing it, and we're assuming we're going to see some benefits from that also. So we anticipate volumes really across the business to start to pick up at least in the low single-digit area. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Though economic headwinds are impacting our industry, our results reflect positive effects of the actions we're taking to enhance our performance. Our net sales for the first quarter were $2.7 billion, down 4.5% compared to last year. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.86, up 6% versus 2023 as a result of restructuring productivity initiatives and benefits from lower cost of materials and energy, partially offset by weaker pricing and mix.   Currency exchange rates continue to affect our operating income with a negative impact in the quarter of approximately $12 million or $0.15 on EPS. Across our regions, market conditions remained similar to the prior quarter with significant pricing and mix pressure through the industry competition for volume. Though slowing the commercial channel continues to outperform residential. Residential remodeling remained soft due to low housing sales and the impact of inflation on discretionary spending.   Retailers have reported that consumers are reluctant to initiate higher ticket projects with flooring facing greater pressure since most replacements can be readily deferred. Our teams remain focused on managing through the near-term environment. Realizing sales opportunities, reducing controllable costs and completing restructuring initiatives. We continue to manage our production levels to align inventories with market demand.   To stimulate sales, we're investing in new product introductions with enhanced features that convey the value of our collections. Given inflationary pressures and labor benefits and other items, we continue to take additional actions to reduce our cost structure and improve productivity. Globally, there is optimism about consumer confidence, improving interest rates declining and a rebound in the housing market.   The timing of this inflection in each market depends on inflation levels and actions by their central banks. Latin America aggressively raised interest rates to combat inflation, and now the region is among the first to implement rate reductions. Brazil Central Bank initiated several rate cuts and Mexico recently lowered rates for the first time since 2021. In the U.S. and Europe, Central banks are maintaining interest rates as they focus on achieving their targeted inflation levels.   The present forecast for U.S. new home starts and existing home sales is for a slight increase in 2024 with greater improvement in the second half of the year. In some countries, governments are subsidizing housing investments by reducing mortgage rates. In the U.S., builders are stimulating purchases of their properties by buying down interest rates for consumers. The U.S. Realtors Association recently noted that life events eventually require buyers and sellers to make moves regardless of interest rates.   The desire for homeownership remains strong and people will find a way to realize that goal. Since our last call, Newsweek named Mohawk, one of America's greatest workplaces for women and Green Builder selected our PureTech PVC-free resilient flooring as one of their top products of the year. We're pleased to be recognized for both our commitment to our people and our product innovation.   Now, Jim will provide a review of our financial performance for the quarter. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. The Flooring industry appears to be at the bottom of this cycle, and we are managing controllable aspects of our business to improve our results. We continue to reduce our fixed and variable costs through ongoing restructuring and additional productivity initiatives. We're aligning production with market demand to control working capital, which increases our unabsorbed overhead to enhance sales and margins, we're upgrading our product offering with unique features and investing in new merchandising.   This year, we're completing our LVT quartz countertop and premium laminate expansion projects to support our products with the greatest growth potential when the market recovers. Our other capital investments are focused on reducing costs, delivering product innovation or maintaining the business. Due to European vacation schedules, our second quarter sales are seasonally higher than the third quarter. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.68 and $2.78, excluding any restructuring or onetime charges.   Residential flooring sales should lead to recovery as consumer confidence improves, the housing market strengthens and postponed remodeling projects are initiated. Existing home sales will normalize and our meaningful catalyst for flooring since homeowners replace it more often before listing a property or soon after completing a purchase. Across our geographies, housing has not kept pace with household formations and substantial home construction will be required for many years to satisfy those needs.   Additionally, as homes age, increased remodeling investments are required to maintain property values. As the world's largest flooring manufacturer, we expect to significantly benefit from our brand leadership, investments in new capabilities and recent acquisitions as the flooring market recovers. We have the products to inspire consumers the infrastructure to deliver superior service and the balance sheet to invest in opportunities for the business. We'll now be glad to take your questions. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: The recent comments by the Fed that interest rates will stay higher could somewhat impact housing sales and the flooring industry improvement as we go through the year. The industry has been running at extremely low levels and eventually buyers and sellers have to do transactions. People who are not moving should increase remodeling over time and housing sales are expected to increase from their very low levels. At the same time, we anticipated commercial would slow significantly. It's possible it could be better than we expected given the stronger economies at this time. We still anticipate improvement in the second half and exceed the results this year. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start out with the general view by different channels. In the residential flooring sales always rebound from the low level that they're at Consumer confidence improves, housing improves. You have to postpone remodeling that hasn't been done in the last couple of years as they were pressured by inflation.   So that comes back, we expect, as you said, the mix and average selling prices as the market improves, it actually changes because there's more higher-value retail replacement business, and it helps the margins. We'll benefit from all the different activities on a continuous basis that the cost reduction, the product investments, the growth initiatives, the different acquisitions that we've made over the past 1.5 years, we expect them to benefit our results significantly as the thing improves.   This will increase the margins with higher volumes, and we'll get leverage in the SG&A and the other overhead costs as well as the increased productivity. So coming out of the cycle, we're at a low level, which happened in the last big downturn. The first expectation is that we get back to 10% operating income and then continue to expand it further. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: When we start out with the -- we think we're going to have the normal seasonality, which means typically in the U.S., the peak of the year tends to be the end of the second quarter into the third quarter, and we think it's going to be more normalized. At the moment, which we've said the demand still is weak with continued pressure on pricing. So until the volume gets back, we think there'll still be the pressure there, along with the mix.  What else is different. Again, we're just assuming that the replacement business, which has been really low, at some point, they have to start if they're going to stay in their houses, they're going to have to start improving them. And then some of the people are going to have to move just because of their lifestyles so it can't stay at the bottom forever. So we're assuming that even if interest rates don't change a lot, that we'll start seeing some of this improvement there. And as you look in the other countries around the world, they look like they're going to start lowering interest rates sooner and faster.  And the same thing should occur in those countries with consumer confidence and moving forward and doing more remodeling, which is the first thing that picks up. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was that the commercial business is holding up better than we had anticipated. We thought that it would fall off faster than it has, and it is we're performing better than we thought. We still think it's going to continue slowing through the year as new projects haven't been initiated in the last year. So we're still anticipating it slowing. And commercially, you also have pricings more resilient since the products are more unique, so you don't have as much price pressure.  And presently, the hospitality retail government channels are outperforming. And just as a comment on the back side, when we start getting better, it's going to take longer for the commercial to improve because it takes a longer time to get the planning approvals and construction to begin in the business. Anything else you want to give a... 
Jeff Lorberbaum: They tend to be more focused in the low to mid-end of the marketplace to answer that part of the question. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's still going to be additional productivity and cost reductions to help offset that. And as you look forward with it, we think we're coming the raw materials and input costs coming into the year were the low. We have seen some movements in the first quarter, and we expect limited increases given the present environment that we're in. We think that as business improves in the future, at some point, we would expect the suppliers to raise prices and we'll have to follow with increases to pass them through.  And then it's also possible, given all the economic events and/or regional conflicts that they could change our view on it overnight. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We were trying to remind everybody that the European business is on a different cycle as well as we have some South American businesses here in the middle of their winter is that -- so everybody doesn't always consider the non-U.S. businesses. And we just -- as you're putting through the models, we just wanted to remind you. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: There hasn't been any announced actions against dumping on LVT at this point. That's the answer to the other question. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're calling on the designers, the architects, the building owners and the contractors all at the same time. We are participating in the planning of the different projects and we've been able to position ourselves well in the marketplace. And our comment, I guess, are agreeing with you that it's holding up a little stronger than we anticipated but we still think it's going to continue to slow, and we're being aggressive in our calling on and offerings to the marketplace. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: The restructuring initiatives we've done, we're still in a 75%, 80% range. it should -- it also depends which period and quarter you're in. So as you go through the year, though, I think it's going to -- it should move up. And the question really is, when does the market get back and really change the dynamics. We tend to try to flatten our production out over the year to even it out to level it out as best we can. We haven't done anything that's going to dramatically change it the capacity utilization without the marketplace improvement. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I have the number to give you. We have our models out for the next 3 years and we see ourselves reaching that with the different models we've done, and I don't recall the volume changes that are built into it. The timing, like you know, it's impossible to define the moment in time it changes, we think we're going to see some of it this fall, and we should see significantly more next year as we come out of this. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, in Europe, you're correct. When you come out of the you tend to ship a little more going into the third quarter because of the vacations, both us and our customers, the vacations last 2, 3 weeks, which, in many cases, we shut down the entire factories then you hit the fourth quarter, which you have the Christmas vacations in addition to which. So both of those things caused the second quarter to be a peak. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: In general, the retail business is under a lot of pressure. You have the home centers that, in general, have a lower income level buying on average from our specialty retailers. So they've been impacted more than the other channel at this point. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: And we're seeing the normal seasonality improvements through the first quarter and going into the second that we would expect. And we don't have any definitive information that you don't have. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Long term, the category will rebound from the downturn as it always has. We're well positioned on our products and markets to enhance our results. We appreciate you for taking the time and joining us. Have a good day. Thank you. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, the prices of imports have been declining with excess capacity, energy and freight costs. And of course, India has been growing. The Tile Council of North America expects those tariffs to be between 400% and 800%. And that should help our volume and increase market pricing since it's been pushed down so low. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, generally, the commercial business in ceramic, I would say, it's been flat. It hasn't decreased as much as we thought it would. But as Jeff said, we expect that to soften as we go through the year. 
William Christopher Wellborn: I mean one thing that should help us in the future as remodeling comes back, the margins in that, at least on ceramic, tend to be higher. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, you asked about LVT in general. So LVT sales have slowed as in other foreign categories. Pricing has declined with lower raw materials, import cost and transportation in the U.S., our West Coast facility is increasing our production and our Georgia restructuring is being completed. And in Europe, we completed the restructuring of our LVT operations. We've implemented the change in our residential LVT to rigid and where sales are expanding, and we're improving our product mix and reducing cost to increase our profitability as we go through the year. That's specific to LVT. 
William Christopher Wellborn: I mean it's a very competitive environment, but the products that we are putting in the market tend to be at the higher end and are actually doing pretty well. 
William Christopher Wellborn: Well, I can just answer one thing on that, that in our carpet commercial and our ceramic commercial, we've got a lot of people that are calling on these commercial projects together and are sharing resources, and it works out really well and gives us an advantage. 
William Christopher Wellborn: And Stephen, given how underutilized we are, as that volume moves up, we get a substantial benefit as it moves. 
William Christopher Wellborn: And I would say, overall, like particularly in ceramic, the one that's been off the most has been the remodeling, which not only affects the home centers like Jeff said, but it -- it's also one of our higher-margin businesses that's been under pressure. 
William Christopher Wellborn: I think we had a really good show. And if you just talk about U.S. ceramic, the new construction and commercial improved as we expanded our distribution. Our price and mix have been negatively impacted, but we've done a lot on new innovative and higher-margin products that are gaining traction and partially offsetting these price declines.  So there's been a lot of work in our ceramic business in the U.S., particularly to improve our product mix, and I think it's paid off. And we've taken some market share from the high-end European with a cost higher and we've also been able to expand in some of the builder channels as our service levels were better than the imported products coming in. 
