Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning and thank you for joining our Fourth Quarter 2010 Conference Call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financials.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been working continuously on improving the bottom line of all the businesses. We've been reducing our cost structures. We've been introducing new products to help the sales. We have been enhancing the productivity of all the different parts of the businesses. And in the fourth quarter, you're seeing some of the results of that. In all of the businesses, including Mohawk, our goal is that the earnings will continue to increase as we go through this year. We believe we'll continue to get benefits from all the pieces we put in place. And I don't think it's any one specific thing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to make sure to look at the yearly numbers quarter-to-quarter that swing a little, but we expect the yearly numbers to improve.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The product mix has declined as we've gone through the downturn. Almost every one of the businesses has a lower product mix than they had before, as customers were trying to minimize their investments. Typically, as you come out of recessions and people's confidence go over, nobody strives to have low-quality merch parts in their home. So typically as you go through, and the confidence rises, the mix also increases as you go through. We anticipate that occurring over the next year or so also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's both. The remodeling part of the commercial markets are showing improvement in all the different businesses. On the commercial side, people postponed it; as their businesses are improving, they're trying to invest in those. I think that we're having some share gain in certain of the other markets. Our Mexican business is improving. So as we look forward in all the businesses, and that one is no different, we're anticipating that the flooring industry, which is a very low point, that we'll have growth this year. And the question is will it be a little or a lot more, is the question we're going to ask. It depends on the timing of when things kick in this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Mohawk increases are just being executed in the market place. Nobody likes increases. We don't like them, and our customers don't like them. I think that the marketplace understands that there's a dramatic increase in raw materials across all categories. So they're moving through the marketplace, and it takes a period of time to get them all implemented and executed. But they're going in. The Dal-Tile products are really only increasing 1% or 2%, and most of those increases have been for, we sell products in Dal-Tile FOB local destinations. So we do, as the freight rates change, we have to change the pricing to cover the freight.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. The plan is, when we put the price increases in, is that they will basically cover the cost increases, the price increase that we actually realize. We generally realize a little bit less than what we actually announce.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, most of the business that's going through the downturns in the industry have had very depressed margins, us included. So the industry, as the raw materials have come through, we can't absorb those pricing increases, and we and competition have announced price increases to try to recover those raw material changes. In addition, in the board businesses, there are capacity that has been shut down, and we anticipate additional capacity to reduce the excess production in some of the different product categories over the near term, all of which should help. Again, when you come through downturns where the margins have been compressed, there's no way to absorb the raw material increases which are occurring.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The products we're importing from China are high-end commercial products that tend to have a lot more labor in them. And so it's a very specific market that those things make a lot of sense in. It's not in the major parts of our business. The joint venture in China, we really believe the big benefit is going to be maximizing our participation in the Chinese market. The Chinese market, on a unit basis, is about 25x to 30x larger than the U.S. marketplace, and the exports around the world presently are around 20% of their capacity and our goal is to expand our local participation and where it makes sense to import stuff for the Mohawk sales.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Also, we have a large list of additional opportunities. So some of them haven't annualized yet, so you'll have to get benefit from there and then there's a significant list of new opportunities this year that each organization has defined, measured and is aggressively pursuing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the Mexican ceramic. In Mexico, the plant in Mexico makes higher value porcelain products that we have today. So we participate in the high-end portion of the market only, which is a relative small part of the total Mexican marketplace. The new plant, which is located near Mexico City, which is where the populations are, to reduce freight costs, as well as it's located near different body materials, will allow us to produce moderately-priced tile and compete in the top of the bell curve of the marketplace. So in Mexico, we have less than a 10% market share, and we believe we can start participating as a full line supplier across the business. We are adding salespeople, we are adding product lines in order for us to participate in that. The Mexican marketplace this year grew 3%, it's anticipated to grow about 6% next year. So we believe it's a good market to be in. We have management talent there that understands how to operate the plants, and understands the customer base. And we will invest this year, broadening our distribution, and in some cases, selling the products that we have into the marketplace and they'll be replaced by new ones when the plant – or converted to the new plant when it comes up. In the Russian market, we've been importing ceramic laminate from our European plants. A year ago, we put in a distribution center in order that we could improve the service level and get prepared for putting a plant in it. We have spent the last year broadening our sales, using that local distribution center to increase the sales, to get to a different customer base. All that will continue this year, and that will allow us to participate in Russia. And also, by importing the difficulties in getting things across the Russian border, it impacts service, as well as costs. And so that will allow us to participate in a greater basis there. In the Russian marketplace, we will be aimed at, similar as we do in Europe, in competing in the mid- to high-end with differentiated products in it. In the Chinese market, with our joint venture, and it's a huge market, estimate about 60 billion square feet. The largest company has, I believe, no more than 3%, 4% market share in it. It is usually fractured. The business, we've put in significant investment. At the time we purchased our share in the joint venture, had just put a new plant in the North, in Mongolia. It's far enough away that the transportation costs, you can't compete from one to the other, puts us in a totally new market. We've put significant capacity in that marketplace. We are developing the customers, broadening our distribution. We are, in China, we brought together glazed floor tile technology, which the first line has already been started up in China. We're helping them develop products. We're helping them improve their merchandising and marketing, and the combination of those pieces, we believe that we can grow our share, both from an internal standpoint. And then longer-term, it would give us the base to possibly start consolidating the market over time and put us in a position to significantly participate in the market over time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was that we thought our position had stabilized, that we'd been losing some share, that the marketplace had moved in the product-to-polyester faster than we anticipated. As the prices went up, the market moved to lower cost raw materials faster and that we needed to increase our polyester introductions. We started doing that in the third quarter and those introductions are gaining traction. At the same time, the other area that's growing is the commercial carpet tile. We've also increased the number of the commercial carpet tile introductions. We've increased the capacity of our carpet tile, and it's growing significantly. And we think both of those will continue and help get us where we want to be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We appreciate everyone joining us. We believe that this year that the industry will see improvement and that we're well-prepared to participate in it. We're taking the actions we need to cover the raw material increases, and we'll keep reacting to them as the circumstances change. Thank you very much for joining us.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank Boykin: Yes, it's kind of, it's spread across the business from manufacturing improvements that we've made, quality improvements that we've made, efficiencies we've put in place, cuts we made through SG&A, lower claims. And sometimes, all the stars just align, and that's really, we've worked real hard to get where we are and everything worked out just right this quarter.
Frank Boykin: Out of the $280 million, approximately $120 million is on the three large projects, being fiber extrusion, Mexican ceramic and Russian laminate are the three pieces of the $120 million. Roughly about $100 million, or a little less, is maintenance. And the difference is on a whole host of smaller projects, all of which are going to either reduce costs or give us revenue opportunities.
Frank Boykin: Well, we're investing in new products and introductions and earlier shipments, and we generally have higher marketing costs in the first quarter than we do in the other quarters.
Frank Boykin: I think that we probably start out with anticipation that the volume would be a little stronger than we had in most of the business. I think that we tend to try to reduce inventory when we shut down, and some of it hits in the end of the fourth quarter, and some of it hits in the first quarter, just to do the vacation schedules. So some of it's just a timing issue of how it hits and when the holidays hit.
Frank Boykin: Well, on the carpet side, we put in a 7% to 10% increase to cover those. The Unilin side in Europe, which is where most of the pressure is because of the wood prices in Europe have escalated dramatically and continued to do so throughout the year, I mean we're putting through 10% to 15% increases in the board businesses, which are fairly low-cost products. And then we're putting in a 4% to 6%, 7% increase in our Laminate products, all that we think will take to cover the raw material increases.
Frank Boykin: We're going to try to improve -- the margin will improve from where it is right now, but we're not going to give out specific guidance on margins for this year.
Frank Boykin: Again, we're not prepared to give out information at that level of detail. But it's going to depress earnings from where we were with China, from where we were in the fourth quarter.
Frank Boykin: We generally put that out in the 10-K, Dennis, and I'm not sure I have the exact numbers. But we had significant improvement in the quarter as a result of the restructuring activities, the benefits from the restructuring activities and the SG&A cost cuts that we did. And raw materials, that more than offset obviously, the headwinds that we had from raw materials net price.
Frank Boykin: Well, we had year-over-year raw material inflation in Q4 and offset a portion, but not all of that, with price in Q4. But we're going to have higher raw material inflation in Q1 running through our P&L and then into Q2.
Frank Boykin: So the largest impact, like you said, John, on startup costs this year should be from the Russian laminate plant.
Frank Boykin: It's kind of a mix. I mean if you looked at our total international business revenues, I think it's in the kind of high-teens. Remember that the Chinese joint venture is one line in our P&L, so the sales aren't consolidated there. So it becomes a little bit difficult to answer your question, as you're posing it. But what we're doing is we're growing significantly from a small base in these emerging markets, Russia, China and Mexico.
Frank Boykin: I think what we've tried to do in the past there, is to give you an idea of fixed cost in the different segments. And if you look at fixed cost in the Cost of Goods Sold section of the P&L for the Mohawk segment, fixed costs are in the, I'd say, mid-teens level. And then in the Dal-Tile segment, they'd be close to 20% and higher, maybe 25% in the Unilin segment. And then across all the businesses, SG&A is probably 50% fixed.
Frank Boykin: If you look at the increase, about almost 40% came from inflation and pre-buy, where we're trying to get out ahead of the cost increases. And then the balance of it was just increased volume in quantities. Both of which were, as we said earlier, planning to reduce the inventory levels and improve the turns back to more normalized historical levels by the end of the first quarter.
