Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.577 billion, growing 5% as reported with our legacy business up 3% on a constant basis. We had growth in all three segments, but Flooring Rest of the World results showed the best improvement. Our gross margin as reported was 29.7% of sales, or 30.2% excluding charges, and was down from 32.7% last year. Higher inflation and startup cost with lower year-over-year productivity and volume were the most significant headwinds this period. Price increases and expansion of sales across many of our channels will improve our results going forward. SG&A as reported was 17.1% of sales, or 16.9% excluding charges. This improved 20 basis points over last year. Unusual charges were $16 million for the quarter and primarily related to plant consolidation and integration of acquisitions across all three segments. Our operating margin excluding charges was 13.3%, down from 15.5% last year as $23 million of price/mix did not offset $62 million of inflation. We also had higher startup cost of $8 million over last year and incremental productivity of $12 million, which was lower than first quarter. Our income tax rate improved to 20.7% from 24.5% as U.S. tax reform drove the overall rate down. We estimate a third quarter and full year rate of 20% to 21%. We recorded a $55 million one-time charge in the second quarter related to future payments of tax on past unrepatriated foreign earnings as required under the new tax law. Earnings per share excluding charges was $3.51, a decrease of 6% compared to last year. Turning to the segments. In the Global Ceramic Segment, sales were $929 million, up 3% as reported, with our legacy business up about 1.5% on a constant basis. Our operating income excluding charges was $140 million with a margin of 15.1%, down from 18.1% last year. Negative price/mix of $6 million and inflation of $25 million offset $9 million of incremental productivity. In the Flooring North America Segment, sales were $1.058 billion, up 2% over last year. We had the strongest growth in LVT and residential carpet, even though LVT was less due to sourcing delays. Operating income excluding charges was $110 million, with a 10.4% margin compared to 13.4% last year. $7 million of price/mix did not cover incremental inflation of $30 million. We also had negative productivity of $3 million with a lower production rate, new product inefficiencies and a tighter labor market. In the Flooring Rest of the World Segment, sales were $590 million, a 16% improvement as reported, with the business up 8% on a constant basis. Our operating margin excluding charges was 17.2%, which was about flat to a 17.3% margin last year, even with startup and expiring patents. Incremental price/mix of $22 million offset inflation of $8 million. We had incremental productivity of $6 million and startup costs of $5 million. In the corporate and eliminations segment, our operating loss excluding charges was $9 million. We expect the corporate expense to range from $35 million to $45 million for the full year. Turning to the balance sheet, our receivables ended the quarter at $1.738 billion. This included days sales outstanding of 56 days in the second quarter, which was flat compared to the first quarter. Our inventories ended the quarter at $2.061 billion. Inventory days were at 112 days, which was an improvement over the first quarter at 116. Inflation negatively impacted the calculation. Property, plant and equipment ended the quarter at $4.421 billion. In the second quarter, we had capital expenditures of $247 million with depreciation and amortization of $127 million. We are estimating capital expenditures for 2018 of approximately $780 million with FX impacting us $20 million from our budgeted rate that we used at the beginning of the year, plus we've added some smaller investments. Depreciation and amortization is estimated at approximately $520 million for the year. Long-term debt was $3 billion with leverage at 1.3 times debt-to-EBITDA. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Frank H. Boykin: I think the productivity is going to improve in the third quarter, Keith. We also had some – the manufacturing shutdowns we talked about, that was in there. We had some labor inefficiencies from the tight labor markets, that would have been in there. And we had some material yield issues with new products that we're putting in, that was in there. So, that's some color on what's in there.
Frank H. Boykin: And Mike, just to clarify, the freight issue is more U.S. than Europe. Our overall freight runs about – freight out runs about 5% of sales. But again, it's going to be split between U.S. and Europe. It's going to be higher – it'll be higher in some...
Frank H. Boykin: And just looking, Justin, into next year, you're going to see like we mentioned lower startup costs. This year we're estimating startup cost around $65 million to $70 million and next year the total startup costs should be a good amount below that. We've also talked about the fact that we're going to have the IP headwind behind us that we had to deal with this year. And then, finally, with all the capital that we are putting into the business, we talked about an incremental depreciation of $75 million this year, which incremental depreciation next year is going to be significantly less than that. Those will all be helped as we move into 2019.
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah, Mike. The margin decline year-over-year in the third quarter will be larger than the margin decline year-over-year in the second quarter. And it's going to be a lot of the things that we've talked about in the second quarter; continuing inflation and how that's going to impact us, the delay of the price increases and such as that.
Frank H. Boykin: I don't think we've looked at the total global LVT. It's probably a little bit less than a double-digit number.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We're taking a comprehensive approach to improve our performance and profitability in the United States. Our initiatives to improve pricing, increase sales and growing channels and reduce costs will benefit the remainder of the year. Given the impact on inflation, timing of price increases and other challenges, we do not anticipate our actions in the United States will offset the pressures that we're facing before next year. We expect continued strength in Europe and Russia, where inflation and shifting product preferences are less intense than in the United States. Having closed Godfrey Hirst, we are already enhancing the largest flooring provider in Australia and New Zealand. In the recently announced Chinese tariffs – if the recently announced Chinese tariffs are implemented, they will enhance our U.S. market position and results. Around the globe, we're entering new product categories and geographies as well as expanding constrained categories. In the U.S., we're investing in growing categories such as LVT and quartz countertops. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $3.54 to $3.64, excluding any one-time charges. We are taking actions to offset inflation, raise transportation, reduce costs and expand LVT. In the fourth quarter, we expect operating income to approach last year, though inflation and exchange rate changes could impact. Next year, pricing should be more aligned, startup costs lower and we should benefit from our investments to improve our results. We'll now be glad to answer your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let me just give an overview. Productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing, new product inefficiencies and employee turnover costs. Improvements have come from cost cuts, product improvements, higher yields and lower inventory reductions in total.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the second quarter, we had a stronger dollar and a delay of Godfrey Hirst closing, which impacted results by $0.10 a share. The results were also impacted by lower sales than we anticipated, input inflation, transportation costs, lower LVT supply and a tight labor market, which increased our costs. In addition, we had a lower product mix than we anticipated and we reduced our production volumes more than we had thought to begin with. We also had the timing of the price increases were later than we had anticipated. Offsetting some of this, we're raising prices, as we said, in transportation. We're ramping up the expansions. We're expanding in growing channels. We're sourcing more LVT and cutting costs.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The freight is different across different parts of the business. We run our own freight and trucking systems for a significant part of it. So, we have the same gas and capacity pieces in that one. In addition, we contract freight on a as-needed basis on a significant part, more in the ceramic side than the other, and it's going up with the freight rates across the country as is everything else, is it. We are also expanding our freight system and we're putting more trucks in and using more of it to have more control over the costs given the expansion of the margins that are going on in the freight charges.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We expect the income to improve based on what we know today. We expect the expansions to help our top line more. The margins, I'm not sure at this point. We haven't got the budget set out that we're ready to put out yet, but you have the ramping up of these lines that at some point they're going to add operating income, but the margins are going to be below because they're not optimized. And so, the margin percent is going to be different than the others as we're absorbing a lower-margin percentage as these plants are not – there's not enough throughput and they're not optimized completely as they start, but we won't be able to give you more detail till later.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, it's built into that – we gave you the results of what we gave you a fairly good direction for the next two quarters in our results. That's all we're prepared to give you at this point.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: They got to be different by product categories and pieces. I'm going to have a hard time averaging them all out for you. The ceramic business, we are participating in lower areas, which is reducing part of the mix. On the other hand, the ceramic business has a much – the majority of it is sold FOB local destination, so the freight charges are embedded in the pieces. So, you have both things happening at the same time is impacting margins. They will improve as we have raised the prices of the higher-value raw materials, but we're still – the mix is going down as we're increasing our share in lower areas as we go through it. On the carpet side, we are chasing the raw materials up as you described and the price increases were later than we expected in implementation. And the amount of increases is increasing more. Part of the piece about the future is we're not sure where the raw materials are going to – they may have peaked already or they may not have. And we're having to watch it as we go, so that's impacting it. We're passing through the raw materials and prices. That will recover as we go through the year and it'll put us in a better position when we go into next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, the third quarter is still being impacted by the input cost flow-through and we're still chasing it. We still are not going to have the pricing alignment anywhere near where we need it. There's going to actually be greater startup costs in the third quarter than there was and we're anticipating a more significant FX impact as we go – in the third quarter and we're not sure what it's going to be going through, pieces we go through as we go through with it. In the fourth quarter, we believe the price increases will be getting more aligned. They won't be perfect yet, but they'll be getting more aligned with the inflation as we go through. The startup costs, we're expecting to be a little lower. And with those things – and we should start getting some positive impact from some of the expansions we're doing, though, they'll be a long way from where we want them to be, is it. And with that – that's how we got to where we are.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As we get the pricing in line, the margins are going to increase because we're absorbing the raw material pieces without the benefit of the pricing, both with the raw materials and the energy and the transportation. So as those things align, the margin should expand in the categories. And then, this year, we had thought the business was going to be greater than we think it's going to be at this point, so we're also running the factories at less rates than the sales are coming in, which next year should also be aligned. And we should be at least making what's coming in, where right now we're making less than what's coming in. So, all those things will help the present business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And Justin, as the new expansion start up, the margins will be lower. But at some point, they'll turn from losses into incremental improvement. And as they keep improving, the margins are going to go up.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's multiple issues at the same time. So one is our anticipation at the time we start putting the increase in, and the other is the actual way it flows through. And we make assumptions in a given point in time and they evolve with the market. So, part of what we said was in the second quarter, our assumptions, the actual flow-through was later than our initial assumption. The second is that we talk about that it happens on a given day. It happens over time as things work and it doesn't just turn on and off like a light switch. And so we're estimating those different flow-throughs at different points and when they're going to happen. And again, we have to act relative to market as they're going on in different pieces. So, those were happening. In addition, you talk about pieces. It's not just the carpet piece and the ceramic piece. The freight, which is probably 10%, is a huge part of it and the pass-through of the freight in many cases in ceramic is not a freight charge, but embedded in the product charges. And so, we took actions to improve it. They're going in now, but we've been absorbing it through the period and we're trying to recover in – in the ceramic business, we get it in multiple ways. We get it in raising product prices. There are energy surcharges and there are delivery charges for some portion of the freight. And so, it's a combination of all three. And then, the flow-through of one, so then you have multiple increases going on, which is really hard to manage from one to the second to the third and estimating how one is going to impact the next and how they overlap. It just makes the estimation hard. It doesn't change our implementation, but it makes our estimation. The more we have of it, the further off our estimates get.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First, you have to start at the – the builder channel has been doing better than the other channels with new home construction growth. And it tends to be, in most cases, put in by a third-party, who was interested in getting the price per square foot more than the best quality. So as it grows more – as the growth in it is higher than the others, is that you have the similar things in the multi-family business, is also a lower-quality product of things that are going on. And then the mix between all that decreased. We expected it to decrease some. It decreased more than we had anticipated.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: A large part of it's that, but I don't want to leave you. There is some deterioration even within the higher-value remodeling channel, as you have – again, in carpets, you have this polyester is increasing its share. And polyester is a lower-cost product than everything else, but we know that's going on and that's in our piece. It just grew more than we had thought.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the carpet industry and others, on the retail floors, people advertise price points. So as we raise prices on individual products, they will actually change the focus of their advertising because they want to maintain price points and they will swap a higher-value product for something that's less in order to maintain the price point is also going on. It's not new. It happens all the time, which is why if you look at the industry prices, the industry prices don't raise as much as the inflation over time, because the retailers trade the customers down, because they are focused on price points. It always occurs in every – all the time.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the low end, we're just passing through the freight. In the high end, we're passing through the freight and additional costs on top of that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we said was that we had – our suppliers had problems in getting us product in the second quarter. They have overcome those problems and the production and shipments to us are higher, in line with what we would like to have, but it didn't just start overnight, so it's going to occur during the third quarter. What we said also was that we anticipated both our European and U.S. LVT lines increasing their manufacturing as they come up and that production will give us more capacity to sell during the period. We're also introducing more rigid products off both lines as well as importing products as we go through, and we expect our LVT business to improve significantly with all these things. In Europe, which is ahead, they focused on manufacturing flexible, which they had been limited in their capacity. So instead of starting it up trying to make LVT, which is why their sales were much higher, we've been producing flexible LVT for most of the time and then doing new product work with it. They are operating three shifts today and working towards adding a fourth one, where the U.S. is operating two shifts and working towards adding a third one is the way they're working out.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let me sort of – we all talk about LVT in the industry. Let me see if I can frame it in a way that it has – as well as sort of frame it as we go. The LVT, if you think about – let's back up. In 2017, there's broad estimates of it. So, we believe the range is somewhere from $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion. The best estimate we have of the increase in the category is about $500 million to $600 million. Now, if we assume that the LVT is going to continue growing at about that amount and the flooring industry is going to grow about 3% to 4%, the balance growth in everything else is going to be about 1% to 2% annually until the LVT matures and it will mature at some point in the not-too-distant future. And then, the growth will normalize across the categories. So, you have this mix that's going on. It's not the first time the industry has been through this. It happens a lot and you have to constantly adjust relative to these things. You can go back with things like categories. Laminate, at some point, started and grew. You had carpet tile, started and grew. You had polyester carpet taking over pieces. So, these shifts are normal. It's just the size of this one is bigger. And over a period of time, it will mature and then the industry will go back to more normalized growth. And if it grows somewhat like we're thinking, it's not like everything else is going to go to zero. It's just not going to grow as fast, while it's maturing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it probably will be sometime in the first quarter will be close. But your assumption on inflation freight, raw materials, I don't know if it's right to assume it's over or we have more to come. It could be either, which is why you hear us hesitating. We don't know exactly where it's going to be.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We think that we can compete with the Chinese without any tariffs. Now, what's happening is we have to get the plants up, the new ones up and operating with enough throughput in order to get the costs and margins down where we like them to be. The tariffs, I think, are a broader piece which says that on the list is almost every product we make, and we're about 95% of what we make is made in the United States or is made locally. So, anything that raises the competitive alternatives will help all of our different product categories in the United States that we have, which is practically our entire business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the United – so let me – in Europe, we manufacture all of it today. In the U.S., we manufacture a much smaller amount than we import and source today. But what was happening is we're putting in approximately another $250 million of capacity with the new plant that's coming up, and we've been hesitating and sourcing more, because we thought we'd have to use a majority of our efforts to sell up the ramp-up of the other one. We've changed our view given the growth of the industry and we think that we can sell up the ramp-up as it's coming up and more sourced, so we're doing both. The longer-term view is it takes us about 12 to 18 months to add new capacity and we'll make decisions on an incremental basis and we'll continue sourcing more and balance the two, and we really don't have to have a final decision. We just have to decide when we're going to increase more LVT and what rate we're going to put it in, and then adjust the sourcing strategy to go with it as we go through.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't normally think about the way you're approaching it, so I don't have it. I normally think of it on an incremental basis as the business is changing. And once we make the decision, then it's a matter of balancing the sales that we can grow with it. And we're trying going forward not to limit the sales, but just to balance the opportunities between the two pieces. I don't know how to give you a more defined proposition than that. If we find that we want to source more, we just slow down the piece. If we want to add more, we can add two machines at the same time instead of one, so we haven't finalized the optimum solution at this point.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think the piece is we're going to have a significant sourced portion no matter what. The question is, is it going to be 40% or 60%. I don't think it really – it doesn't change my strategy.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There are some discussions about how they can prepare for it not knowing where it's going to be. They are taking multiple approaches. Some are talking to us. They're also looking for other alternatives in other countries. So, there's all kinds of preparation going on, not knowing what the end result's going to be.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, I'll give you an example. A piece of property came up available adjacent to a large Belgian facility that's landlocked. And so, we bought a large chunk of the land to enable us flexibility in the future. For instance, there are other small things. So, I mean they're not significant to the piece. But it's those kinds of things. A big part of it came because of our assumptions on FX and what the purchases would be, both in translation and in the U.S., in both cases. So part of that, we had a lower – a different assumption for how it would – what would happen, so that was, I think Frank said, a $20 million part of the adjustment. Going forward, we're going through right now our annual strategy plan of capital and investments for next year. So, the businesses are going through a process of deciding where they think the opportunities are, what the values are and where they are. My belief is that the number's going to be significantly less because of all the capacity and new pieces we have in it to go through it. The opportunities are going to be do we decide to go and expand in some places that I don't know at this moment. So, we haven't gone through it, which is why I can't give you direction for it. And then, we also have to put in how we see the risk of whatever utilizing them as we go through. Just as a comment, maybe on some of the old stuff, there seems to be some confusion over our ability to use it. So, let me see if I can clarify that with you while you bring up the subject. The majority of our new investments, which I went through them in the leading remarks, are outside the United States either to relieve constraints or to enter new markets. And at a high level, if you just look at the additional sales, LVT is about $500 million of the total with the two lines we have going in. We have about $400 million where we're going into new products which we mentioned like sheet vinyl in Russia or like quartz countertops in here, and other ones that's going into new products or to the same products we have in new geographies is about $400 million. So, the existing products make up about $400 million of what I would call expansion, again, which a large chunk of that's outside the United States. If you look at inside the United States, everybody is worried about us running it. The big investments in the United States are LVT, which the question is are we putting in enough; and quartz countertops, which is a $1.2 billion industry growing at least 10% a year, and there's huge opportunities in that one. So, I mean, we think we have the investments in the right area. And I know you like me to tell you about our next year. I mean, they could be zero for all I know right now. But I doubt it. I think we're putting the investments in the right areas that are going to help our growth and maximize our business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have enough detail to answer that. So, I don't know. I would assume that other people had some of the same issues, but I don't have news (1:11:49) of them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, that's like guessing how much I would have sold if I didn't have it. I think it would have been a significant number but, I mean, it's a pretty wild guess if I give it to you. It wouldn't be worth the paper it was written on.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on – so let's just go. It depends if you shift – I'm going to make it simple. If you have low, medium and high, the low, medium and high operate at different margins, in general. So, if the medium shifts to low, that's going to push it down a notch. If it's just medium to medium, it's similar. Now, when you go medium to medium what you lose is, if you raise the prices, I'll just make it up, 5%, you lose the 5% revenues because they trade down to a lower total dollar amount, but the margin's similar.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The low end has pressure on it. As the dollar strengthens, it does create pressure on the low end, which is where most of the – the huge part of the imports are. So, the exchange rates impact it. But I mean we've gone through exchange rate changes for the last 20 years and the same thing occurs. As you would suspect, when the dollar gets much stronger, we have to react.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't normally give out sales by specific products and pieces. The two new lines what we said will add about $500 million of sales when they're optimized and then we have the option of supplementing that with increased sourcing products by whatever number. And then, within 12 months or so, we have the ability to add increments of whatever we choose if we decide to go ahead with them. I mean, that's about as close as I can get you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Part of the margin difference is in freight, which we're making arrangements. If you just look at the margin, assume it's all it, part of it is in freight which we're passing through. And then, we've also said that the higher-value products, we've already announced price increases. So, we have pricing going on that's going into the third quarter that should help the margins in the third quarter somewhat and get more of the benefit in the fourth quarter, which is also helping the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's got to do with a lot of things. One is that LVT going back we sort of explained the high-level view. LVT is taking a large part of the growth, is one. The second is that the growth categories for us, you're losing some of the dollar value by trading down in different – by getting a higher amount of sales in lower-value categories, which is also impacting the growth. And then, in general, I think there were certain channels in the industry that didn't do as well as we had anticipated. But I still think the industry is growing in the neighborhood of 3% to 4%.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've said that when we get this thing running, we'll have over $1 billion of manufacturing capacity in place and then whatever sourcing we do on top of that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are selling both – we have product lines aimed at both the residential and commercial markets. We have product lines aimed in each one at low, medium and high-value products. We are putting in new products to expand our offering in all categories in the marketplaces, and we think we have enough supply as our new capacity comes up and our sourced product to support both high to low in both categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, the market moves based on relative values of products, and if you raise the imports, which are large in LVT, they're large in ceramic, what else is large? There's a wood piece that's fairly large. If you raise them all by 10%, there's going to be beneficiaries of all of those who are here. And we think we're one of the largest.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, I didn't give it more than about a minute's thought. In Europe, we're not doing any and what I keep saying is we are adding the capacity here. When we get it up and running, we will evaluate the benefits and detriments of adding more. And in 12 months, I have the capital, I could add two or three machines in 12, 14 months if I chose to. So, it just depends on how it evolves and what we perceive as the value of doing it. And we have capital that's available, we have a strong balance sheet. It's just a matter do we like the economics and do we like what's going on. And then part of the decision has to be where do we think we are in the cycle and what do you want to invest based on the cycle. So, it's not a single view of the question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I agree with your conclusion. We've been through – you remember when oil went to $140? I mean, we've had dramatic changes at points in time both of raw materials that we've lived through. We've had dramatic changes in, not of this magnitude with products, but in the last eight years, in carpet, polyester carpet's gone to 50% of the industry. It was about 10% when it started. You can go through – laminate didn't exist and it became 8% of the industry. I mean, we've lived through these in each piece. In the commercial carpet business, we had – I mean, basically carpet tile didn't exist and now we have a large position in carpet tile. In ceramic, seven, eight years ago these digital printing things didn't exist. There were no wood products. The wood products with digital printing are 25%, 30% of the industry today. I mean, we live through these shifts and market changes in every category, and it's not do they occur. They occur about every 10 years in something and we have to continuously adjust our business to the changing environment. The companies that don't change, I can give you a long list that aren't here anymore.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't remember the dates, but I can almost guarantee you the same thing happened and it probably was worse. I mean, I seem to think somewhere around 2000 there was one of these, but I don't know. I know there was one about 2008, maybe – I mean, I don't have the dates because I haven't gone back historically. But I mean, we've been through it multiple times. It's not if they occur, it's when's the next one.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, have you watched Tesla startup? The things don't go as planned in things that haven't been done before. Is it? So, putting an exact date and time on it is impossible. What I can tell you is when we get through that the margins on that $500 million we're putting in will be at least as high as the rest of our business. And it'll be in place and operating well sometime in the not-too-distant future and it could be a year, it could be a year-and-a-half. Hell, it might take us two years to get to the optimized piece, but I mean it doesn't change the result of where it is.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know whether the thing's – listen. I don't know whether that one specifically is breaking even, losing money or making a little right now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The industry and we go through dramatic changes in raw materials. We go through changes in the products, as we discussed. We've handled the situations before. The business goes through temporary compressions of our margins and the business ends up stronger and better when we're through. We're putting in place all the activities that we need to, to get to the other side. The investments we've put in, after the fact that we're now a year later with all these investment decisions we make that are going in, they are still the right things to do for the right reasons and they still help our business in the long term. We appreciate the support and questions you give us. Thank you very much.
W. Christopher Wellborn: Stephen, I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I'll try. Our product mix declined in the U.S. as we increased the home center and builder channel. In addition, freight cost and the reducing of production also impacted it, and I would say about 50/50. 50% of it was price/mix and 50% was the transportation cost and taking freight out. The freight, we're passing through higher freight cost to the customers. We are able to raise prices on the higher-value products that are more differentiated and we're starting to see improvement from those actions. The other thing I would say is that another area where we're increasing our sales is commercial channel, which will eventually have a higher margin and improve the mix. We're also introducing leading products and are selling, as we're introducing products, at our higher margin value. So, I think, over time, we'll start to recapture at least a portion of that margin.
W. Christopher Wellborn: Well, we came into the year with higher inventories than we wanted to have and we started gradually taking those out, but we're still going to be operating at the 85% to 90% overall utilization rate in the company. And I think what we said, about half of our margin decline was lowering inventories and freight, and I would say a bit more of that half was freight.
W. Christopher Wellborn: Well, what we found is as we're trying to pass on these freight increases and we took pricing to do it, the lower end was more sensitive to those prices, whereas the higher end of the mix that would be driven by commercial and other things were more accepting of the price increases we took.
W. Christopher Wellborn: Well, I can answer that. So, the area that's growing the most for us right now is builder, which tends to be at a lower price point. We're also taking share in the home centers with our business. Slowly, our commercial business is growing. It is true that LVT has impacted the dealer business in particular.
W. Christopher Wellborn: I would just add on ceramic is once this LVT levelizes and even if you get 1% or 2% growth in the top line, we're already operating at, let's say, 85% capacity, we're going to fill that capacity up over time and those margins will come up. The other thing that's happened in the category, right now, builder is what is hot and what's growing. Over time, the residential and the replacement, all that will – usually has leveled out.
W. Christopher Wellborn: Not been any fundamental change that the exchange rate that Jeff talked about was a change. And I think in general, us and other manufactures came into this year with a little too much inventory. And I think there's been some adjustment, but no fundamental change.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Hi. Thank you for fitting me in today. Just wanted to follow up on LVT and just really instead of just looking at the quarter or even the next quarter, taking a step back and getting your strategic thoughts on how you approach meeting the increasing demand for North American LVT. And really, specifically, if you could clarify how much is currently sourced versus manufactured. And your thoughts given the changes in how this product is manufactured, where you're going to focus on your capital allocation sourced versus manufactured strategy over the next two to three years. Thank you.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Assuming a low-double-digit growth rate over the next two to three years, against that scenario, what percentage – I mean, right now, we're estimating at least 85%, 90% is sourced, but does it get close to 50/50? And just helping us understand that would be helpful. And I have one follow-up. Thank you.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Yeah. I guess, the importance of it is just the capital allocation for adding capacity, for product category that is changing, and how it's made is different than meeting the needs of sourcing. So, that was the basic nature of that question.
Kathryn Ingram Thompson: Okay. Great. And just one final clean-up question. Appreciated the color you gave throughout the call on ceramic, particularly about the price point falling in the quarter, but results would imply that perhaps there was a slowing momentum in North American volumes, but we may be off of that. And perhaps, you may have commented on that in the call and I missed it, but could you clarify just about the volume momentum in North America for ceramic sales? Thank you.
