Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. We will update you on the company's progress during the third quarter of 2013 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1,962,000,000, up 33% from last year. The increase was driven primarily by acquisitions, which accounted for 28% of the growth, and our legacy business was up 5%. Our gross profit was $517 million for a margin of 26.4%. Excluding restructuring, the margin was 27.7%, 220-basis-point improvement compared to last year due to strong productivity, coupled with increased volume and favorable price and mix. SG&A dollars were $341 million or 17.4% of sales. Excluding restructuring, SG&A was 16.9% of sales, 130-basis-point improvement compared to last year, due to a continued focus on managing costs and improved leverage on increased volume. Our restructuring charges were $37 million for the quarter, which included $14 million in noncash charges. In the fourth quarter, we estimate an additional $19 million of restructuring costs, all for our 3 acquisitions. Operating income, excluding charges, was $213 million, with a margin of 10.8%. This is an improvement in our margin of 350 basis points, driven by a combination of the performance in both our legacy business and our acquisitions. Our interest expense was $26 million, up from last year due to debt that we put on our balance sheet related to the acquisitions. Other expense at $3 million was up over last year and was impacted primarily by foreign exchange. Our income tax rate was 21% for the quarter and that compares to a 20% rate last year. We're estimating the fourth quarter rate at 20%. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $2.02, up 94% over last year. If we move to the segments, in the carpet segment, sales were $773 million, up 3% from last year, with carpet volume and positive mix driving higher sales. Operating income, excluding charges, was $70 million, with a margin of 9.1%. This is a 290-basis-point increase driven by improvements in price/mix, along with productivity. In our ceramic segment, sales were $767 million, up 84% over last year. Our legacy business was up 12%, with overall growth driven by acquisitions. We had improvements in both our U.S. residential and U.S. commercial businesses. Operating income, excluding charges, was $91 million, with a margin of 11.9%, again, an improvement of 290 basis points driven by a combination of volume, acquisition performance, continuing productivity and leveraging of our SG&A. In the laminate and wood segment, sales were $451 million, a 37% improvement over last year. On a constant exchange rate basis, our legacy business was flat, as weakness in Europe was offset by stronger North American business. Operating income, excluding charges, was $58 million, with a margin of 12.9%. The improvement was from acquisition synergies as well as productivity. In the corporate and eliminations segment, we had a loss of $7 million and expect the full year to be about a $30 million loss. On the balance sheet, our receivables ended at $1,154,000,000 and include $328 million from the acquisitions. Our DSOs for the quarter were 48.2 days, flat with last year. Inventories on the balance sheet were $1.6 billion and include $387 million from acquisition. Inventory days ended the quarter at 108.5 days, up primarily due to the acquisitions. We've improved both our acquisition and our legacy business DIOs, but still have some work to do. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $2,684,000,000. Total capital expenditures for the quarter were $109 million, with depreciation and amortization of $82 million. We anticipate $410 million of capital expenditures and $315 million of depreciation and amortization for the full year. Finally, free cash flow was $104 million for the quarter, resulting in total debt of $2.3 billion. Our leverage improved to 2.3x debt-to-EBITDA, as we generated good cash flow in the quarter. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Frank H. Boykin: We'll tag team on that, Jeff and I. I would say that the margins in the carpet segment over the next several quarters will continue to improve as we compare them on a year-over-year basis. Remember, we'll have seasonal impacts in both our sales and our margins, depending on what quarter we're in.
Frank H. Boykin: Michael, we were -- what we've been talking about is kind of an annual margin number. So you're looking at the third quarter there, which is one of our strongest quarters in terms of topline and margin, so I would say the answer is no. We're still saying kind of the normal run rate, and normalized environment is going to be 9%, 10% range.
Frank H. Boykin: And Mike, on your other question regarding the sequential change in margins from Q3 to Q4, if we have that right, that question. Normally, again, it's a seasonal issue, where sales are down and margins are generally down when you compare to the preceding 2 quarters.
Frank H. Boykin: I would say that productivity is actually the largest component of the improvement, but mix would be right up there with that.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. So I would say we probably got a little more productivity across all the businesses than maybe what we were originally estimating, and the mix was a little bit better.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, you're generally -- to Jeff's point, you're generally a little more conservative, probably, when you're looking at outlook numbers, forecast numbers, until you become a little more comfortable with the business that you just bought.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, on the acquisition synergies, in each of those 3 companies' acquisitions, I would say they are pretty much on track with where our initial plans were. Obviously, the Pergo acquisition would be further along than the other 2 because we closed on it earlier. But -- and we'll see improvements. We're seeing some this year. We'll see more next year. But it's going to carry on into -- beyond 2014 before we complete the execution of all that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk today is in the strongest position in our company's history. We have substantially grown our profits and expect continued improvement next year. We have the most effective management team ever, and each of our segments has a well-defined long-term strategy to improve our business. With our Pergo, Marazzi and Spano acquisitions, we are quickly moving to drive synergies, lower costs and increase topline growth. We have already executed many initiatives to improve the performance of these acquisitions, including implementing new strategies and organizational structures, upgrading marketing tactics and product lines, and reducing costs through best practices and closing high cost assets. In our legacy businesses, each segment has defined significant opportunities to deliver improved results as the U.S. business strengthens and we strategically invest in our products, capacities and organization. With these factors, our guidance for the fourth quarter earnings is $1.66 to $1.75 per share, excluding restructuring or acquisition costs. We have an aggressive improvement plan for 2014 and beyond. Over the next few years, we intend to expand faster than the economy as our category rebounds in the U.S. and abroad, improve our costs and efficiencies across our new and old businesses, and expand into new product categories and markets. We have the management strength, the balance sheet and the vision to maximize returns to our shareholders. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The margins improved from product mix, productivity and cost savings, which should continue. We're really focused on the SG&A costs as a percent of sales and we continue to improve our cost controls, as well as we've made recent reductions this year. We expect higher sales from expanding the polyester that you mentioned, which should help the topline, and then the commercial expectations are that we'll have higher growth and improved margins in it also.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Typically, October and November in normal years will be similar as you go through, then it falls off as you hit the end of the year. It's anybody's guess, but we think we're going to continue at the rates we're at.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In all our businesses, we believe that we can keep improving the margins through all the actions that we've been taking over the past few years. We made substantial investments in our capital this year. We're going to make more next year than we made this year. We believe -- at the longer-term outlook, we really believe that sales rates will improve next year in the U.S., that assumes the government doesn't stop it. We've had really strong growth in the ceramic piece and -- though we're expecting that to slow somewhat. In Europe, we believe that there'll be a slight increase in the sales, but it has some risk over there. We've seen in Russia, as we talked about, the economy slowing, so we assume that growth will slow a little bit -- will slow there, but we expect to outpace the economy there. Given all those things, we still see the acquisition synergies are on track, but it's going to take full execution. That'll go beyond 2014, but there'll be many things implemented during the year. So we see the margins continuing to expand as we go forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The plant is being put up in Europe. What I said was it will take most of the year to get the plant up and operating, so the impact will be more in the 2015. However, we are selling LVT that we're importing from around the world into the European market as well as the U.S. market as we prepare for that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As you look at the different pieces, our remodeling business in the carpet was doing better because of the aggressiveness we're taking in the high-end part of the marketplace. We're tending to see some improvements overall, though it got a little softer lately. We think that as the home prices go up, people will become more and more comfortable spending money on their existing houses as we go through. So I mean, we're still optimistic about the remodeling business improvement.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've continued to upgrade and drive the product categories. In the residential carpet, we're continuing to support the higher-end products, but we're presently in the process of introducing about 40 new products in the polyester category with new technology we call Continuum. The Continuum technology is really differentiated, where we can produce products with up to 100% recycled raw materials, as well as they have better attributes. Our commercial business, we've been transitioning our premium products to fibers we produce, and this provides a better value to the customer as well as higher margins. Though in the short term, it's impacted the top line a little bit, but we believe it's going to significantly enhance our position. We think we're well positioned for the market as it changes. We've done a lot of things to enhance our sales execution in the marketplace, use better information tools to drive change through our organization and be able to communicate to our customers better. So we believe we're well positioned as the market improves.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What happened is neither the American Olean nor the Marazzi line were complete lines by themselves. And so by owning the 2 together, we're starting to merchandise them as a comprehensive offering to the customers. The first initial attempt at it was in the Las Vegas market. In addition, we had some service centers around the country that Marazzi had. They had a limited number that only sold their products. We had some in our side of the business that only sold American Olean. So the first thing is to convert those all to complete lines, so we can attract all customers in the marketplace and broaden the offering to both. In both companies, we have -- opportunities on the West Coast seem to be the greatest ones to begin with, to pull those together. And at the same time, both of those brands we sell through a distribution where its strong. So in markets where we're using third-party distribution, we're going to offer those customers the opportunity to have a stronger product line also. Depending upon the success we have at it and what happens in the marketplace, we'll determine how fast we roll it out over the next few years. The other question, I guess, is when we look over the marketplace, our growth in ceramic this year has been really high. And what happened is we've been able to grow it through new product introductions. There's new -- we're leading the market in wood looks out of ceramic, which are growing rapidly because they don't have all the problems of real wood, but you can't scratch them. So we've really captured a large part of that business. We believe they're all growing. We just think it's going to be hard to have that happen again next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember, with the purchase of Pergo, Pergo was the major supplier to the high-end laminate through the home centers. So together, we now have the dominant share of the laminate business that's manufactured in the -- or sold in the U.S. as it -- so we have a much bigger position. So that business, we've been able to improve as we go forward. In Europe, the market is still tough. People are spending less. I think it's probably a lot like the U.S. market, where the home side of it is getting hurt more than the general economy. When people cut back, they cut back there. So we'll probably lag a little bit in Europe and improvement of it as the European economy gets better. I forgot what part I didn't answer of your question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think so. I think I'm missing something in answering the question. We also have a wood business in our piece. The wood business is increasing sales, too, in the U.S., so that's helping the U.S. side.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The answer to all your questions is yes. Polyester has become a more value proposition than the other pieces in the market, which is causing it to grow. It is participating across the spectrum. We are leading it in the higher-end part with soft ones. We have not participated fully in the more value categories, and we are taking actions to fully participate in that going forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, I have a saying we use around here, "You're halfway there." So wherever we get, we're expecting to go higher.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: All right. First is -- I'm not sure I got it exactly right. I think that the SG&A from second to third dropped about 1%. And the 1%, as a percentage, was driven by a lot of actions we took to reduce the different costs, and we keep working on it. And I don't -- when I say reduce it, I don't want you to think we're cutting back on the things that impact the future business. We're investing in new products, we're investing in marketing, we're investing in sales groups in order to do it. But we are cutting out the things that don't give us the returns that we want. On the other side, with the manufacturing piece, we do have the improving mix. That continues as we keep selling a higher amount of higher-value products and it growing, which is one of the reasons that the sales weren't quite as high. We were so focused on driving the high end, the high end didn't grow as fast as the lower end process, which we're in the process of fixing. In the improvements, besides mix, we continue to cut cost everywhere. We continue to realign the plants. We continue to upgrade the products with the manufacturing assets, with the investments we're making. The team is really working on maximizing all the pieces. And the things we've put in place over the last 4 or 5 years are paying off.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, the last part of December, there are very few people who buy carpet at the end of December. So I mean, we have very little sales once you get past the first week.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The carpet, we expect the high end to keep selling more. You're correct that we're going to sell more of the mid to low price that are going to have not quite as much margin. At the same time, we're expecting an increase in the volume, which is going to give us absorption, the positive pieces there, and we're going to continue managing all the costs that we've been. So I mean, were expecting an increase in margins.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we always attempt to. We have to react to the market and we have to sell at competitive market prices. I'm not sure whether it's a lot of extra price going in to -- other than all the actions we're taking to improve our mix as well as reduce our costs across -- in general. At the same time, we have to keep absorbing all the cost increases of labor and insurance and everything else that goes on. We have to offset. Not so easy.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's bifurcated. The people with money are trading up and buying better, but there's a whole lot of people in the mid to end that have limited discretionary income. And I'm not sure there's a lot there being moved up. It would also help if our government would help maintain our confidence in what's going on.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the details of that to break it down further, other than to give you the pieces that caused it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We typically don't give very specific pieces. We give you the total that we expect it to be, and you can see the trends that we're at.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Also, we -- the new acquisitions, it takes a while to make sure that our financial reporting and estimating in the future -- we keep improving it. So we think we've gotten much better from where we were 6 months ago. And every quarter, we keep enhancing our confidence in the future numbers.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure. The overall business in Europe of our legacy businesses was probably down about 4% overall. We have some categories, like insulation, growing. We've got other categories off more. So they are all over, depending upon what it is.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: With the acquisitions, I mean we closed up multiple plants already. We have integrated the organizations. I mean, we have some things that we're looking to make some large investments to throw out old assets. Those things take a while to do. We're watching and trying to learn about the businesses. I mean, they'll continue through '14 and '15.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, we have a huge customer base that typically likes us. We have a very broad offering. We're going to expand and have differentiated products. We're the only company that can offer recycled products. I mean, in the high end, we're going to be offering 100% recycled products which the consumer likes. We think we just can execute well in the marketplace, and then we expect to be competitive.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't see any way that it's appropriate for the U.S. marketplace. In Russia, what happened was there really was a lack of distribution and retailers and methods to go to marketplace. They -- at points and places there, they sell stuff out of the back of trucks in fields. So it's just an immature market that allowed us to be in that position at this point. The U.S. is very mature, and it wouldn't make any sense.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's a little early to either know or answer the question. Most of the things we've been doing are on the backside of the business about how we operate it to get in place. We're looking to utilize best practices across the business. We're looking to improve the design of the products. We now have a broader offering of the products. And then, you're right, we're going to go to market in a stronger position. The competitive position is that a larger and larger amount of the U.S. needs are being manufactured in the U.S. There's companies in Europe that have opened or are opening manufacturing in the U.S. to try to participate in it. And so in most of the markets, the majority of it comes out of the local manufacturing. So we see that as a positive and we're well positioned for it. On the other hand, we also have -- where most of it's coming in from is either China or Mexico, are the 2 biggest pieces, and we have positions in both markets so we can support those. So we think we're well positioned. What everybody else is going to do, they'll have to develop their own strategies.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Chinese market, there is dramatic overcapacity in the marketplace that's going on. We have reduced our costs in the marketplace to improve our manufacturing within it. We're upgrading our product line within it to improve the margins. We're getting benefits out of exporting products that make sense to bring to the U.S. and Mexican marketplaces. We're manufacturing specific products in our plants just for those marketplaces. With our sales in Marazzi, we have sales forces around the world that we think we can utilize those capacities to ship more around the world, and we have opportunities to achieve it. We're not achieving the profitability that we would like over there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We had a fairly good estimate of what we were going to do with each of the acquisitions. We had a long list of opportunities with each one that we're in the process of executing as quickly as possible. We're moving down those things. If I had to give you any surprises about the acquisitions, the positive ones would be the U.S. market is doing better than we had expected with Marazzi. The European market, we had really anticipated dropping more in sales. We're surprised positively by shipping stuff to other marketplaces to keep the sales up. The Russian business, the surprise there is the economy was growing probably 4% to 6% higher a year ago, and we anticipated the Russian marketplace staying better, so it's declined a little more than we had expected. The transition with Pergo is going as expected. We hope to come out with new product lines to really enhance the position of Pergo in Europe, because their assets were really outdated, and we can significantly improved the value and styling and design that we bring to marketplace and that should be executed in the first quarter. The Spano business, we're going through -- it's going to take longer because there's more changes in realigning the assets of Spano, because the 2 companies are basically in the same marketplaces and so there's a lot of opportunities to realign the manufacturing assets. We said we've shut down one line and we've announced the closing of another. There are other opportunities to take advantage of them. And the businesses, in some cases, there are some major capital investments that can be done in some to throw out even older, poorer assets than we're doing. And some of those will take more than a year or more from the time we order them to get them and implement them. So I think we're going right along where we had expected, and no big surprises.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We believe we're well positioned in the marketplace. We believe the U.S. marketplace is going to keep improving. There's a good chance that Europe has hit bottom and will improve. We're executing well, and I'm really proud of our management and how well they are implementing all the changes and adapting to the marketplaces. We appreciate your support. Thank you very much.
