Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Through investments and acquisitions and capital expenditures, productivity improvements and product innovation, we have positioned Mohawk for growth and improved profitability in all segments during 2014. We made excellent progress with integrating our acquisitions to maximize the market positions, and improve their cost structures. At this point, we believe the U.S. market, which is 70% of our business, represents our greatest opportunity. In Europe, we continue to lower our cost structure, enhance our productivity and improve our product offerings, to position us for future growth, as the industry improves from its cyclical bottom. In the U.S., we are the largest flooring provider, with leading brands and more than 40% of the nation's ceramic and laminate markets, and significant shares of the carpet, wood, stone, rug and carpet underlay markets. This year, the U.S. economy is projected to grow at a pace, on-par with three recession levels; and the flooring industry is expected to outpace GDP growth. We are well positioned to improve our results, as new construction and remodeling expand in both residential and commercial categories. This year, we anticipate growing both our sales and margins in our legacy business and recent acquisitions. We continue to assess additional acquisition opportunities in flooring products around the world, to further expand our business. With these factors, our guidance for the first quarter earning is $1.13 to $11.9 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Our first quarter results are seasonally our lowest, and the past four years, it represented one-seventh of our total annual earnings. While the weather in the first half of this quarter has impacted the timing of some of our U.S. shipments and orders, our first quarter results are anticipated to be in line with normal seasonal patterns. We anticipate orders improving and our backlog declining, limiting the impact on the quarter. We are optimistic about the future of the flooring industry and our participation in it. This year, we anticipate increasing capital investments in our businesses, to support additional growth, expand our product offerings, and reduce costs. We will continue driving all aspects of our business to improve profits and increase shareholder value. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our objective in all the business is to outperform the marketplace, and we think we are positioned to do that on any category.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well to start off, polyester is a growing part of the residential carpet business. The estimate is that polyester as a industry, represents somewhere around 50% of the residential carpet, to begin with. We believe that, we have a unique position with our Continuum technology. We have patented a group of different things between our recycling technology and our exclusion technology, to give this an advantage. The result of which, create a product that has higher values, with more bulk. It gives us the opportunity to market products with up to 100% recycled content. And we have lagged behind the industry in our participation in polyester, and in the fall, we started introducing products. We will introduce 40 new products between the fall and now, so we have a broader product offering at all price points, to maximize on sales in this category.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the point we are trying to get across is that, we made three acquisitions of significance. We are well along with what we are doing. Our capital structure is improving significantly, and as always we are open in looking at all areas, that we can find synergies in.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We started in the third quarter introducing some. We have been introducing them since then, and to get all the products in the marketplace, by the end of the first quarter, some time in mid second quarter, we will have rollouts in the marketplace and as we do it all for new products. I mean, does well into the market.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the carpet side, most of it has continued its investments through supports of growing polyester business, but large investments in the Continuum processes and to keep expanding those. On the ceramic side, is additional equipment going into expand our present facility is a future investment that we are planning through. In ceramic, it takes us about two years to get the plant up and it could take another year to get the plant up to full capacity as it starts up. So there is a plan and addition for another potential site, that hasn't been finalized yet to start.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The consumers ability to absorb price increases, typically what happens is that, as price increases go up, if the consumer can't afford it, they trade down to a lower value product to lower price point; and typically, as you increase prices, you do see a deterioration and some of the mix, as you go through. However, as the market improves and the remodeling business, which is a very large part of our business. The consumer, not only desires to have the best products they can afford, and to have their homes look as beautiful as possible. So as their incomes better, and as they gain more confidence in the marketplace that housing prices rise, they anticipate that the customers who can afford it, will actually trade up more than they have in the past few years.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me try to give you a philosophy rather than exact thesis. The philosophy is that, in areas where we have an existing business with strong management, we are open to looking at any business that's in the area, because we have the management and order to take existing businesses to fully performing or operating well and integrate them into an existing structure. So in areas where we exist today, it is open to anything. When we go outside existing markets, we look for businesses, because we are buying as much the management, as we are the company. And we typically will not have businesses under stress, where we don't have existing management to do that; and that applies to all our segments. We have a philosophy that we will go into different marketplaces, we don't try to overlay a single strategy that we use around the world. We try to make sure, that each market's addressable work thought is important, how they go to market, and we think its very important to have local knowledge in doing that. And that's why, when you see us going to new geographies, tending to buy the best companies in the industry, we will do that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that the industry in flooring is close to be up about 4% to 5%, I am giving you off the top of my head, I don't remember it. I think the industry is around 4% to 5%. I think the carpet is slightly lower, around 4%. The ceramic business is higher, I think its 6%, 7%, might be higher, I don't have the numbers in front of me, and laminate is probably on the lower end.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Each one is in unique. In Europe the business is flat to up a little bit, wouldn't surprise me. Hopefully, it's going to turn and be up a little. If you go to Russia; Russia, the economy has slowed down, and the ceramic industry could be up a little bit or down a little bit, I don't know exactly as an industry.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its just the timing and different cases and we have expenses yet [ph]. We tend to look at it, or the margin increasing over time, when you compare it to last year. I think we made a huge amount of progress.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There might be some confusion. In Europe we purchased Pergo, which had two manufacturing plants in Sweden, which were antiquated. At the same time, about a year or so ago, we built a plant in Russia, so we took capacity out of our plant, which created excess available capacity in the other ones [ph]. Pergo had not invested in their plant in almost 20 years of significance. So we shut the plant down and moved it in. Those are the savings and those are all built into our estimates that we have given you. In addition, the new plant we talked about is going into a new product category which is called luxury vinyl tile. That new plant will come out of the ground and should be operational towards the end of this year. We are building sales in the U.S. and Europe to support that plant, as we take -- physically take the plant site to come up, it takes a year to get the volume up to where you are and the pieces going together to work, as you go through, will start out with shipping some of it to the U.S. marketplace, and the goal is to build another one in the U.S. to support the U.S. marketplace, when we get the [indiscernible] worked out at the first one. On the U.S. side, the capacity in the U.S. side and laminate woods -- in laminates, the investments are basically in adjusting the product categories based in areas that we have changed, and just putting those in, that won't significantly change the overall capacity. We talk about the board business in the U.S., that with the addition of Pergo, we are fully utilizing more than the plant's capacity, that we have put in some investment already to speed it up, at the right time, we have other investments to speed it up further. It won't change the overall laminate business, but the support of the board business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In order to get the margin to improve, we had to [indiscernible] letter in the book, and it was a combination of everything you talked about. It came from margins improving from the product mix, which in the last year or two, we have been focused on maximizing our position in the premium ultra-soft categories that we did three different options -- three different raw materials into it, and a multiple of options within each one. So that paid dividend. We have been going through the plants and improving productivity and cost savings through every piece, and then this year, our SG&A actually decreased, including inflation and including significant investments, so we have really focused on controlling the SG&A and spending it up, spending the money that we have on the proper [ph] things. The organization has been executing much better than it ever has in a piece. The Continuum is that, the polyester business has grown much faster than we thought it would, three years ago; and so we got a little behind our participation in the polyester business, as it was growing much faster than we thought, and we didn't have the raw material structure to support growing faster than we were. Over a year ago, we made a decision to put the assets in to do it, and those assets have been going on all through this year, and will continue going in through 2014, which is allowing us to have the share we believe that we deserve in that marketplace. In addition, the technology that we put in, has given us advantages in the end product as well as in the marketing of them, which should help us participate further, so we think we are well positioned in all the places.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I am glad you asked. Both the American Olean and Marazzi brands are basically sold through independent distributors. So first thing we did, by putting them together and bringing together, is that we offered a product offering to the distributors that support us, and we are getting increased commitments from those existing distributors to sell both brands. Second is, when we lacked independent distributors, we put the product together and we did a test in Las Vegas I believe it was, with both brands. Presently, we have that one operating. We have three more under construction at this moment, and we have plans for putting in 10 more to cover the other areas that we are not in. And that's the start of where we are for this year's plan
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The existing businesses have the strongest management groups that we have ever had. In the last 12 months, they have shown how they can take diverse businesses, integrate them together, reorganize them and quickly in a short period of time, go through what many companies have difficulty doing. At the moment, we've had anywhere from nine months to 12 months with the business units we have, the basic building blocks are all in piece, and they are continuing to refine that. I would say that most of them would be capable of taking on additional integration things, sometime in the mid to end time of this year, we will have most of the stuff clearly laid out, and they will be able to take on additional challenges, as you go through. And the new geography just, we want to have the businesses being local. We want them to understand the local needs, and so when we go into new geographies, we want to hire local talent, among the best in the industry to start as a core basis that we can grow from, as you have seen us do in the other businesses.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But really what happened is, there was a U.S. ceramic team. There was a U.S. laminate team. There was a European board team. There was a European laminate team. There was a European ceramic team, and then we used the existing management in the Russian business to manage it. So I mean, these things were broken out and there were lot of pieces, otherwise, it couldn't have happened.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If you go back and historically look at any one of the segments, you will see significant margin differences between the first quarter and other ones. You back to those estimates and not apply the same number to every quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It had kind of an impact in the first half. Our assumptions are, by the time we get to the end, that we will pick up a large part of the sales, that the backlog will come down, and it will have an impact, but it would be limited. On the other hand, there still is Europe, we have had a warmer weather in Europe. This summer, the European counts were a little higher, offset the pieces because, just because [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our assumption at the moment is, that the combined businesses will be similar to the historical business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Europe, a huge difference. Europe, the whole market screwed were. We were -- four or five years ago, and the depth of the thing, the volume in Europe of the ceramic industry could be up 40% to 60% from the peak. So there is huge problems with the marketplace, with the capacity, and getting everything worked out. We are working through them and changing them. I think we can do well in it. But all I have to -- the economy has to pick up. We have already cut. Before we bought the business, they already cut the capacity to get it in line. We are adding more money, to get the capacity to be more efficient and to improve the product mix, which will help us whether the business picks up or not, and then with a little help, we help to get it back to a reasonable number.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The ceramic business -- first is, we didn't do anything unusual in the period. The ceramic business, as you go through each of the different product categories, each one has different end use characteristics. So the ceramic business has a larger percent of it in new construction. So as the new construction business picks up, its going to grow fast. One of the reasons you look at the different products, they grow differently based on the participation in different parts of the business, which is why ceramic is going to grow faster than the average of the industry. So that was there, then I don't think there was anything unusual in the period.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Again, our position in the U.S. market, we have the strongest brands, we have the best distribution, we have a broad product line to take it through the marketplace, and we have lot of advantages. We lead the marketplace and the new printing technology, which we call Reveal. We lead the market. There is a new category called long wood [indiscernible] planks, that the older equipment can't make without investments in significant ones. We have product coming in, from our Mexican marketplace, from our Chinese manufacturing as well as from our European [indiscernible], which are where the imports are coming in from. We have manufacturing -- all of them are helping us. I mean, our position of the marketplace is really strong.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the trends -- I don't see anything that's going to change them in the near term. So I believe that as you look forward to see carpet growing, but at a lower rate than the industry.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: They see carpet growing at a slower rate than the flooring industry, which means it's still losing some share. But is still growing, relative to itself.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The LVT business is growing. We are participating in already through importing products. We are participating in it, in the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., we are participating in both the residential business, as well as the commercial business. We have product lines. We have implemented products in Europe, mostly in residential at this point, and we are continuing to extend our product line to participate in it. The plant we are putting up, is a plant with new technology, that has never been done before. We think its going to give us some advantages within the marketplace, and so we have to get it up and running, and work through all the things you do to get out new technology going, and once we get it up and working, we are ready to build new ones. But I am not going to build them out, till the first one is proven, and between, we will use that one to support it, as well as keep importing products, to balance out the [indiscernible].
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me answer the question a little different than you ask it. The plants are going to be set up to manufacture products. They are going to be set up to manufacture products by type, and whichever plant manufactures those products, the most efficiently and best way, that's where the product will be manufactured. We will use all the assets to manufacture all the requirements that we had. Second from that, we have a brand product and marketing strategy, which is taking whatever products we make in those plants, designing products that fit different needs. We are positioning Marazzi at the mid to higher end of the marketplace. We are positioning American Olean from the low to upper mid, and each of those will have products that combine, will cover the entire spectrum of the business. In addition of which, Marazzi had a limited position in the commercial business, so that combined line will enhance the commercial option going into it, as we go through. And in addition, Marazzi did not have a significant part of the wall tile business, which we are a large player in. So as we look through on the marketing side, we are going to expand our offering to the marketplace, so that American Olean and Marazzi are a combined offering, as strong as the Dal-Tile offering in the marketplace, from high to low, and they were going to utilize all the assets, all the technology and all the innovation, that make sure that we have the best products in every category.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First is, that the economy has slowed down and the ceramic industry has slowed. And I don't know whether it's going to grow at all, a little bit or be down some in 2014. Either way, we are going to grow our business. Now in order to grow our business, we are investing in new products and new organizations and new sales forces. In addition to which, we are going to expand the Marazzi stores at a market that's probably going to be about flat, the Marazzi franchise structure by about 10% this year, in a market that's going to be flat, and then within that one, our preference is to put most of that in franchise stores rather than in own stores.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Its two things, one is that the -- we are investing more heavily this year, at the same time, when the business slows to flat, we are anticipating some pressure in pricing in the marketplace, in addition to it. so what we are doing is, investing heavily, growing our business, in a market that's going to be flat, and well that is more pressure on pricing, because the other competitors are going to have to do something with their capacities. And so, we think that we are doing the right thing by investing now, as the business gets better, we think that our margins will expand and will have a bigger base and larger share.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The soft brand has been going on for probably four years. I don't know exactly how far back. What's happening is every year or so, the technology keeps getting softer, and the products better. So its not a new trend that has been happening. Whether in each one of those trends, we have been the leader in it, and have brought it to market first. We have also gone and all the product, all the raw material things from triexta, nylon and polyester, and the last one, polyester in middle of last year, with the first introduction of really soft, and for polyester. So that's moving. The good news is, that as economy improves and as people's home prices go up and people get more confidence in, more of them are going to trade up. So yes, there is more competition as it goes along, but the market should be growing much better, which is a good thing. I think that's the second part of your question.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The low end piece, again, prior to this year. We had capacity limitations on it. So one is, we are focusing on it, the second is, it didn't allow us to do both at the same time. So we put our efforts more in the [indiscernible] ahead, less than total participation in the polyester piece. Last year, we agreed to put in, while the year before, we started putting in capacity to do it. In doing so, we liked to come to market not only with the same products, but with different technology. So not only did we do it, we brought technology to give us advantages in how the products looked and how the customer perceives, and an environmental story. And this year we took that, and put it and combined with a broad product offering from low price points, to as high as they go. We think we are really well positioned in the marketplace. With that, we are going to get a mix of things in my old product, that had high annual margin thing. We think the average mix of this we get through, is not going to be significantly different than the average mix of the other. At the same time, we get the benefit this year, which are going to help the margin, which is that, we are expecting to grow faster than the market, with all the investments that we have made. That would give us some overhead absorption positives. We are still improving our productivities and cost structures within the business, and we have done a lot of things to improve our cost position and the SG&A as well as in the manufacturing pieces, and combined, we believe we are going to still be able to grow our margins, while we are doing all of this.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the way you have to think about it is, we have to be able to go in and compete in the local marketplaces. What happens is, we have certain ethics in the way we run the business, that in some parts of the country, they don't use the same ones. So if they don't, [indiscernible] participate in those, until something changes in how the politics and laws work within the country. As we don't want to compete, and not be able to [indiscernible] on the same level. So that limits some of the places we can go, but there is a lot of places left in this world.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It comes down to price and value. But what happens is, it all depends on what you pay for them, and relative to what's going on, which is the hard part about putting acquisitions together. When businesses aren't doing well, they don't want to lower their expectations, and we, the buyers, don't want to pay for it. So, it just to work its way out through the process. Some come together, and some don't.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that it's already built into. Our expectation of growing the business already assumes that things are going to get better. But to get to first quarter, we are assuming from all you've heard me talk about the last hour, as the economy is getting better, our industry is getting better, our participation is getting better, and so its built into our expectations.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone being on the call. We are enthusiastic about the market and our position in it, and have a good year.
Frank Boykin: Well I'll say Dennis, that it will improve year-over-year in each of the four quarters, as we move through the year. But I am not prepared to address the margin improvement Q1 versus margin improvement any other quarter. But it will be up in Q1 versus a year ago.
Frank Boykin: Historically, the carpet industry increases pricing as the raw materials change. The reason there hasn't been any announcement is, there hasn't been a significant change in the raw materials, forcing the industry could change prices, to recover the costs. Though at this moment, we don't have many. If the circumstances change that require it, we will announce the price increase and pass it through to the customers.
Frank Boykin: The costs will go up proportionate with the prices we don't hedge. Our natural gas, we buy it at the current prices. We have built into all our estimates in future, an estimate of what happens in the marketplaces. Our ceramic business has probably a higher portion of energy costs in it per unit, and if the costs go up significantly enough, we will have the change the pricing structures.
Frank Boykin: Its non-residential supported by new growth or remodel. Most of it is coming through remodel right now.
Frank Boykin: I would say Dave, the long term margins haven't really changed. Obviously they are going to vary quarter-to-quarter. But we are sure, for the fourth quarter, its probably around 20% and tile was around 25% and laminate is up around 30.
Frank Boykin: And I will just kind of attack on to the end of that, with the Continuum polyester margins, regarding how that compares to other products. The margins in all of our products, differ depending upon the uniqueness of the individual products, and like the rest of our product lines, we have a mix in polyester of high and low margin, high-end, low-end products, and we anticipate the margins here, with this PET Continuum to be similar to the rest of our business.
Frank Boykin: It was not really any kind of significant costs included in the first quarter, the way it would start up any of that.
Frank Boykin: And I would just add to that Steve that, we had, I guess, may be six different management teams between U.S. and Europe in laminate and ceramic and boards working on each of these three acquisitions in different regions. So we had a number of very experienced management teams out there.
Frank Boykin: I think your question was how large is the wood business, compared to the total segment, and it’s a small piece of the total segment. We do not disclose that number separately.
Frank Boykin: Stephen, I'd kind of try to go through this again. The first comment I'd make is that the margins that we have given from these acquisitions are annual margins, and so those differ, depending upon which quarter you are in. As we have said several times, basically, the consensus just modeled the seasonality incorrectly. I know its difficult, lot of moving parts, hard to do, but we have tried to help to divide it by giving full year -- our view of the full year annualization on that. The consensus is kind of right in the middle of what I view our range is, and nothing has really changed in terms of our business, how its going. Our expectations for the year or the quarter.
Frank Boykin: If we think about starts, the floors go in, and you work from six to nine months after the starts. So it's that aspect [indiscernible].
Frank Boykin: But Sam remember, housing, the largest part of our market here in the U.S. is remodel, that's over 50%. Commercial is 25%. So housing is [indiscernible] to the other piece, as well as with the small part.
