Frank Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investors conference call. Today, we will update you on the company's progress during the fourth quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the first quarter of 2015. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Frank Boykin: Well, I would say in terms of financing the acquisitions, we're looking at raising capital in the Eurobond market and then also looking at utilizing some short-term debt as well. So we've got access to the commercial paper market, which rates at about 80 basis points right now and Euro market now is running around 200 basis points.
Frank Boykin: Dennis, if I can maybe, I think I understand your earlier question in terms of the movement between long-term and current debt. I will just try to answer that if that was the question. We did have an increase in the current portion of our long-term debt, because we have got the 2016 bonds, about $650 million that will be due in January of '16, so that would have moved into long-term debt, I think from there.
Frank Boykin: Well, first thing I would say, in Q1 there will be no impact of any of the two acquisitions that we just announced. Neither of them will close until the second quarter. What we have tried to address is earnings and then how we grew cost savings, productivity initiatives, et cetera, plan to continue to grow the earnings even with the FX headwinds that we have, that we are expecting in the quarter and throughout the year. So we have got all that built into the estimate that we gave you for the quarter.
Frank Boykin: And I think as I was trying to help you guys with the FX impact, I think we said for the ceramic business from a top-line standpoint Russia is about, the ruble is about 10% of the total ceramic business there.
Frank Boykin: We have announced expansion in our ceramic business. A new plant is going to be up, it will be running the first of next year with enough expansion of our raw material base in our carpet business to support more business in my carpet business. We're placing assets in Europe. We have a new LVT plant that's coming up in Europe as we speak. The acquisition we did with IVC has a brand-new plant making LVT coming up in the United States. And then across the businesses there is incremental pieces in a lot of places.
Frank Boykin: So for this year in terms of startup cost, Keith, we're estimating somewhere between $10 million to $15 million. But that's everything.
Frank Boykin: That's the ceramic plant, the European LVT plant, what they're doing over in Europe now in their ceramic plants as well. So that's everything.
Frank Boykin: Also a little difficult in the fourth quarter to look at trends and try to come to any kind of collusion, because you've got the holiday period at the end. And it's very difficult to understand what that means, when you look at trends.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the U.S., rising consumer confidence supported by lower gasoline prices, low interest rates, increased home values and an improving job market, should drive higher growth in the flooring market. The National Association of Builders is projecting robust growth in single-family construction in 2015, with Harvard's LIRA index predicting greater residential remodeling investments. The consensus among commercial construction forecast is for mid-single digit growth during 2015. In Europe, changing challenging economic conditions remain. We expect our sales in local currency to be slightly up with product innovations and manufacturing upgrades improving our mix and operating margins. Our market share in Russia is expected to grow, as we leverage our brand and leading market position. With the Russian recession, we anticipate lower product mix and higher costs, partially offset by higher selling prices. The U.S. dollar has recently strengthened considerably relative to the euro, ruble and other currencies. Our U.S. translated 2014 sales would have been lower by approximately 5% and operating income lower by about $55 million, if the current exchange rates had been in effect for the entire year. While we cannot affect the translational impact to our earnings, we are aggressively implementing productivity initiatives, SG&A reductions and other cost containment projects to minimize the impact. We continue to invest in product innovation and operational improvements to drive our topline growth and margins. For the total business, we anticipate stronger organic growth on a local basis and continued margin expansion in 2015. The first period has four additional days, increasing sales 6%, and the fourth quarter will have four fewer days. Taking all of these factors into account, our guidance for the first quarter earnings is $1.54 to $1.63 per share, excluding any restructuring charges and new acquisitions. In January we announced the continuation of our aggressive acquisition strategy with the purchase of the IVC Group. We anticipate closing the transaction early in the second quarter. We intend to finance the purchase with euro denominated debt to align with our cash flows and reduce our interest expenses. IVC provides Mohawk with the leading positions in both LVT and sheet vinyl, in both Europe and the U.S. There are many synergies between the businesses that will leverage IVC's vinyl leadership with our extensive customer relationships in residential and commercial on both sides of the Atlantic. Given the stronger dollar, since we announced the IVC purchase, we now anticipate the acquisition will impact EPS between $0.25 and $0.45 per share in the first 12 months that we own the company. We also signed an agreement to purchase a small Eastern European ceramic manufacturer for EUR195 million, with the transaction expected to be completed in the second quarter. The company has a low cost position in the Bulgarian and Romanian markets. And together, we will enhance the product offering, upgrade technology and expand exports to other countries. The transaction is expected to be accretive to earnings by $0.10 to $0.15 per share at the current FX rate in the first 12 months that we own the company. In 2014, we exhibited our organization's ability to deliver strong results with both internal improvements and acquisitions through new strategies, enhanced technologies, innovative product development and improved efficiency. During the past 20 years, we have executed over 30 strategic and bolt-on acquisitions, enhanced our market position and results. The IVC acquisition will significantly expand our participation in LVT and sheet vinyl in the U.S. and Europe. Our new ceramic acquisition provides additional opportunities to grow in the Eastern European market. We have a strong foundation for future growth across the world, as we enhance our position as the world's largest flooring manufacturer. We'll now be glad to take your question.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the U.S., I think, we estimate that the flooring industry grew about 3% to 4% this year, and we're anticipating with the additional improvements in the labor markets and economy that it should grow even faster than that. If you look at our business, our sales grew about 2.5% organically in 2014 over the whole business. At the same time in the year, we improved our overall margins by 130 basis points. We are anticipating the U.S. to be stronger. We are anticipating a slight improvement in the European business and headwinds in the Russian market place. With that, we're expecting improved sales growth of our own business on a local basis with continued margin expansion. Although, we'll have to still overcome the FX headwinds, Frank, went through.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are focused on integrating the two acquisitions we have. We also have several startup of plants going on this year, so that's the primary focus. We'll use capital to support the present businesses and pay down debt, but we always are looking at significant time to put acquisition together usually, so we're always continually looking.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I am not sure we said retail was weak, but I think what we said is that the residential replacement business has not shown the same improvement as the other parts of the business that we have, and that it's been that way for a period of time and we're hoping this year that with the improvement in the economy, lower cost of energy, a higher job market that will see a improvement in the residential placement, which will help our business, since it's a very large part of our business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, historically, we have only given one year of guidance and we decided to return, but we did that one-time. We decided to return to the quarterly guidance, given all the variables that are in the marketplace that are just going to be guesses at this point from us.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The segment has commercial carpet, hard surface and rugs in it. And have grown faster than the residential carpet. The residential carpet has a large part going back to the remodeling business and we haven't seen the uptick that we had hoped we'd have. And the other pieces therefore have grown faster than the average with the residential carpet business growing slower than the average at this point. And we are hoping to see that remodeling piece pick up more so than it has up to now.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's broad-based across, it's just that that was the faster growing of all of them. All the commercial pieces are doing better.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see how to give you some view of it. The oil is a component for both our chemicals and resins along with other things that we have such as natural gas, corn, we use a lot of soda bottles and other materials that all make up the components. So there is a broad-based piece of components, not all oil-based. The components are based on worldwide demand. And with those we have some that are even constrained today that are higher than they have been in the last quarter. The combination of all those things, we have a very long supply chain for the components before it flows through our suppliers cost as well as flowing through our own inventory when we see an impact. At the moment our costs in the first quarter are actually higher than the prior year that we have. Under right circumstances we could have some tailwinds later in the year, but there are so many variables, it's difficult to predict where they're all going to end up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let's see. The European economy could be at a bottom, I am not sure. We have the increase in the cash that the banks are shoving through the marketplace, but low interest rate should have a positive effect on it. We're hoping that next year will be slightly better as we go through, but it's a little early to know for sure. And then the other part of the question was in Russia. Russia, we had a significant upturn, it could be in the mid-to-high teens for a temporarily thing, we believe that we are taking business from the future and what happens is, it's happened in Russia before, that as they see huge inflation people start buying ahead of the inflation, which is what's going on now. Now, another positive to our business is that as the economy slows down in our ceramic and laminate businesses, there is a significant portion of the European sales that have been imported. And those sales are dropping dramatically and we think those sales are going to offset a large chunk, but not all of the decrease. And we are trying to take market share of what is left.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, you asked a lot of questions. In SmartStrand we have a unique product that is different than everything else. We believe it's the premium product in the marketplace, but there are other alternatives for buying premium product such as nylon at the high-end. We have a large nylon business that we offer as an alternative to that, so we participate in both pieces. So we do have a position, but the customer always has alternatives to move between different pieces. The same answer applies to our Continuum with polyester that there are other alternatives in virgin polyester that people are selling that have similar looks. So we believe that we get some advantage out of our environmental story and out of our ways of making it. But the customer always has alternatives to move between, so they have to be priced relative to each other or they gain and lose market share in that one. I forgot the next piece of where you wanted to go.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes and no. In our polyester we are primarily making it from recycled bottles. And the recycle bottles will move a little bit, but the cost of the collecting and moving and transportation don't change as the oil prices move up or down. So those will have limited movement relative to the virgin ones. The same thing with the SmartStrand, it tends to move, but not 100% with it as you go through, as you go with each one. Presently polypropylene there is some limitations in the supply around the world. And polypropylene is a little tight at the moment. So they're all moving around.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Differentiation always helps you improve margins because you're selling things that have something different about them. Presently the market prices in carpet have been relatively stable and given that our costs haven't changed our goal is to maintain our prices. And on the other hand we have to be competitive in the marketplace and we'll continue to be.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It's really relatively small to our total business. For competitive reasons we are really not planning to give out details of it, because we think it will be detrimental to our competitive position in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't break out the earnings on a local basis by piece within each segment. We have a lot of regions and pieces.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The company is called KAI, it's in Bulgaria. They have a leading position in the marketplace. They have the low cost position in the marketplace. We believe that it gives us a foothold into Eastern Europe to start building more businesses in flooring into Eastern Europe. We believe that they have the capability of expanding into more geography. The majority of theirs is in Romania and Bulgaria at the moment. We believe that we can use it as a foothold to expand more. They focus on mostly the mid-to-lower end of the business. We believe with our product knowledge and development that we can expand their business into higher-end business and improve their mix of the business. As a low-cost producer they are also located near the water, and we believe there is opportunities to ship product further than they are shipping it into Europe and use it as another production base for our European business. We think it's a good opportunity and a strong business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: For the year. So we believe that it is going to continue going up from where it is. What's going to drive it up is the innovation that we are putting in, in our products, the reengineering we have done of our fiber systems, new technologies and better sales execution that we've been all working on. And over the past two years we have done a lot of things and each one is building upon each other. We've closed facilities. We have simplified the processes. We have replaced high cost assets in the business. We continue to reduce the administrative cost within the business. So with all those we are expecting next year's margins to improve from where they are today.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our costs in the first quarter are going to be higher than they were last year. So we talked about the long supply chain of things within it. So we are not going to get any benefit at all in the first quarter and we will have to see what happens as we go through the year. I mean, there's too many variables of that. I mean, I don't know what the price of oil is going to be next month, yet alone, by the end of this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Correct. So remember, Mike, we have over one quarter's worth of inventory on hand at any point in time. So also whatever we are buying today has got to work its way through inventory over four months or so.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Now, it wouldn't include anything. All our comments don't include anything for acquisitions. We're assuming the acquisitions, they'll come in somewhere in the second quarter, but none of the comments on this call have assumed that they're in them.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Now, we're assuming the wood business is going to grow faster than the industry average. So we'd say the industry average is about 3% to 4% this year. We're assuming industry is a little higher than that, so that would be in 6%, 7% range maybe for the industry.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If you look across the businesses in the U.S., the ceramic business is the faster growing of the product categories. So we would anticipate the most growth to be in U.S. ceramic business over here. In Europe, our ceramic business we're really focused on. We bought the business, it was making no money. So we were focused on driving the margins up rather than sales. We were more focused on creating better products, lowering the cost structure and improving the mix with it. Russia, we're doing everything we can to take share from the imports and to grow our market share in that business. The fastest growing piece though will be the LVT business, because it's starting from a very low business. We have the European plant coming up, as we speak. The new business we're acquiring has a brand new LVT business. So as a category, it provide the most opportunity, but it will have cost in the startup of both the U.S. and the European plant. Everything we've said today doesn't include anything for the U.S. startup or the business, because that's in the new acquisition, which we don't own at this point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm going to give you my guesses, but I don't have anything to back it up. I think we start with that prior to now, the consumer had limited discretionary pieces and they were choosing how they'd put it. So that was farming it up to this point. It is growing. So then you get back to what we think is, up to this point, is that many people bought their houses at a given moment in time, and they thought the house value went up significantly to where it peaked. So even the ones, where the houses have recovered and many of them are still below significantly with their perceived peak value. So there is some question I believe into, when they should put more money in the improvement of the house relative to what they perceive they can sell it for. And my belief is, in many cases, they are not comparing what they bought it to, but they are comparing it to what the peak prices are and it's inhibited some of the investments.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When a consumer goes in a retail store they are assisted by a salesperson, who walks them through the different options. So when you give the salesperson something different to talk about, it allows them to give the features and benefits, and try to convey to the customer a higher value and why they should buy something and tell the story. We believe when they do that, it changes the way that the salespeople present it and it does change the mix of the products within what they're selling, as they upgrade them.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think I just have to keep repeating what we've said is that the commercial business was better than the residential business. But in the category we have hard surface branded product under Mohawk, those did better than the average. And the combination of all those things, the business grew more than it has been growing. We believe that we'll be able to improve the growth from where it has been in 2014 and 2015, because of the general conditions in the marketplace as well as the strength of our own business. We think that the rate of growth should go up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, I would say that we are expecting our first quarter '15 to be a larger part of the total year's results than it was in '14. And these comments are all excluding acquisitions. This year we're impacted by number of days, acquisitions, compared to last year weather, FX translation as we've talked about already, and then quarterly tax rates.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our carpet tile business is on a strong footing. The products are being well accepted in the marketplace. We are increasing our distribution in the marketplace. The product design is improved. The service levels are much higher than they've been. I would put them at the top of the industry to go along with it. So I think we're in good condition to grow, better than the marketplace this year in our carpet tile business.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The patent makes up a significant. The one that's expired, we have multiple things that we do. It's making up a significant share of the total. When we look at over the next few years with it, we really look at it as a total of our total business, and how we're going to grow our earnings. So we start out with that we believe that we're going to see continued improvement in the U.S., European and Russian economies over the next year. As we've shown this year and we have talked about next year, we expect the margins in all the segments continue to expand. Between '14 and '15 we're going to invest about $1 billion in capital businesses to expand into new plants and new products to grow our existing business. In 2016 our higher cost debt is going to be paid off and we'll be able to refinance it with much lower cost of debt. We have entered the LVT category, which is a high-growth business, which will give us a new opportunity to grow another leg of our business. And we have acquired with the Pergo business a fold-down technology that we're also trying to expand our licensing with that. For the combination of all things, we think we are well-positioned for the future, but there will be a decrease of the income from that piece of it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean our business is dramatically different than it was a decade ago. A decade ago we were primarily a carpet company. Today we are an international flooring business. We participate in all the categories of the business. We have a very strong management group across all the categories in the U.S. as well as across the world. We have capabilities of acquiring businesses and adding value to them that we didn't have then. And we have the ability to leverage the knowledge as well as the customer base across all the various categories. So I think we have a lot of opportunity to continue growing our business and keep strengthening it going forward and the margins I think we can keep improving.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. We are well-positioned in the marketplace, and we think the U.S. business and economy and category has large opportunities to improve significantly this year. Thank you very much.
