Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We are optimistic about our future performance as a result of our ongoing investments and people products and assets. Our current booking trends have improved and we anticipate third quarter sales growth will be higher on a local basis. We expect continued margin expansion in all of our segments due to processed improvement, operational innovations and greater efficiencies. Across the business, we are introducing differentiated products and leveraging customer relationships to increase our market position. We are making significant investments to expand our capacity and grow sales in all of our products and geographies. Our LVT sales growth is accelerating and our new plants are making gains in capacity productivity and efficiency. Taking these factors into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $3.40 to $3.49. This represents a 14% to 17% increase over a third quarter of 2015 EPS, excluding any restructuring charges from 2013 through 2016. We have invested over $2 billion in new assets to drive Mohawk's profitability. We have substantially integrated our recent acquisitions and with our strong organization and balance sheet, we can exploit additional opportunity. In every region, our differentiated product collections, operational excellence and extensive customer relationships give us advantages, so we can deliver stronger results. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We presently have three plants, two in Europe and one in the United States. The plant in Europe was started before we purchased IVC and it's been a ramping up, we've just made - when we put the plant in, we didn't put in all the things that took to optimize the capacity, because we weren't sure what we didn't know. We've recently added more capacity to feed it, which is going to up the production levels as we speak in Europe. In the U.S. plant, with a totally different technologies than the other two, which ran about 50%, 60% faster over there. It's also in its final stages of startup. We've been making modifications to it, and over the July 4, we made additional changes to it, to try to get it to what we believe to be is optimum capacity later in the fall of this year. In addition to those, we are in the process - or have ordered pieces of equipment that open the next generation of the United States plan that will run even better and have more capabilities, and we're going to put another line in the United States and into Europe, both of which should be running by the end of next year, will enable us to grow the business. The combination of all those together, will give us capacity exceeding a $1 billion between the two. We will have slightly more capacity in Europe, than we will have in the U.S. when we get through.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. On the SG&A, we started raising it last fall, getting ready for all of these investments in order to have the sales stride, pushing through the growth to support all of these different pieces we're in. We've been doing it across the company in the various regions, which is why we are doing as well as we are. In the second quarter, even with those investments, the SG&A as a percent of sales, I think was only slightly above last year...
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't finalized next year and beyond, a lot of the investment we're making this year there'll be parts of the carry over in next year. I would guess, it's going to be elevated, but we - next year, but we really haven't put it together yet. Just one last comment, the best thing I can do for the shareholders and the company is continue to find internal investments that have good paybacks. And I mean, if I could find twice as many I would do it, assuming that the risk and rewards are right which is what we're paid to do.
Jeff Lorberbaum: This is Jeff to start. All these capital investments that we're putting in, a significant portion of them is also going towards improving the cost structures. As they come up, we have lower cost as well as higher revenues in pieces. So, some of it - some of the investments are going there. Every part of the business starts out the year with an internal productivity goal. It's made up of two parts. One is capital investments and the other is process changes. And we have very disciplined procedures of coming up with innovative ideas and then ensuring that they get driven through the business and execute it. And the ideas, we start at with, I think, we probably get about 60 - I mean, some of it, we don't know how to do, we just put them down, so we need to do something, but probably get about 65% of get executed. At the same time, we come up with more of them every year and I am really putting a good process to drive it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I just want to make sure you understand, we're not out of ideas as the - and that's the reason we keep raising the profits and the margins.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I'm looking at a signing my office, it is halfway there, no matter where we are - we are always have quite.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hey, it's true, and that's close enough to actually give you a specifics of it. We think that the credit lines are getting better with people as their incomes go up. We think that the banks are getting a little easy in giving some credit. At the same time, as the incomes increase, and gasoline prices come down, we think all of the things are in place for us to do well over the near-term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. Startup cost in the second quarter were about $4 million. I don't know what year ago numbers were off the top of my head. We're estimating about another $3 million to $5 million in startup through the second half of the year though.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Somewhere in the recent past, we changed the ownership position that we have in the China joint venture from an equity position to a debt position with agreements on a buy and sell arrangements between us and we changed the strategy because what we needed to do to operate in that environment, with us as an equity partner has limited their ability to participate on an equal basis in the marketplace. So, we still have a relationship with them, we are still purchasing product with them, but that's the relationship at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Normally, we don't discuss the order side in the piece. We did it this time because the growth rate was a little lower, than we had wanted it to be and we wanted to make sure to understand that going into the next quarter, we are actually seeing the bookings from our customers increasing and going up. We believe that the growth rate is going to strengthen our growth rate, I can't speak for both, our growth rate is going to strengthen in the third period, and the first month that we've been seeing, we're seeing those things, and we think we're confident that it's going to occur going forward. At the same time, last time, we also had this $25 million of sales that were reduced between a combination of plant disruptions and negative FX, which decreased the - a little bit as we go through. And so, we're seeing - so, we believe the businesses will be better. However, the European businesses were actually stronger in the second quarter, and we think those could moderate a little, because it was so strong in the second quarter. I want to remind everybody that our friends in Europe, in August - take August off, so it's always at a lower level and the margins drop - and the sales drop as things go in Europe. We keep trying to get them to work out through August, we're not working - we can't get them to do that. Yes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can just say that our business is increasing. We also - we believe that we've taken actions that our business should be better than others. I'm not sure, how the home market is going to be versus where we are.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first is, our present capacities, we're about three years into what I believe into the market decline. The ceramic industry in Russia, my estimate is, it's off about 35% from the peak, so the first thing that happened was the imports coming into Russia declined first. And they headed close to zero if they are not already. In that environment, the imports for supplying, the mid-to-high end part the marketplace. We were positioned in the mid-to-high end part of the marketplace and so we became the best option to replace it. Our business in connection with the rest of our businesses, we can make any product in Russia, you can get for anywhere. So over that time what's happened is, our business has been expanding in the midst of a year to recession that's going on over there. We've also been expanding the - so have expanded the product offering with more style and design at different price points, and we've also been expanding our distribution points. But I don't know if you remember we also have over 300 either owned or franchised retail stores that we put through there as well as our own total national distribution system over there. In addition, because of these things, we're the only company over there that has a consumer brand. So, with all this, we've been running our assets wide open at the moment. This year, we've actually increased the capacity. It's coming on in the fall of this year because we've run out our personal capacity as we speak today and that's coming in over the next, this period we're in right now. And then, the market is really close to looking like it's bottoming soon, so it takes us about almost a year and a half to two years to get new capacity in. So, we've ordered right now in order to be able to sustain the growth after 2017. We have to have some more capacity, so that's what we're ordered and it's coming in. If the market picks up, we know the market is going to pick up somewhere, it's really low from where it is. It's got to pick up. Our distribution has been broadened, so we're really ready for it. And there is a chance we could be a little early or we could do a little late, but I mean we're in a right position. And I think we can push it through the marketplace no matter what.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we're doing a little better than the overall market. The target go through, because each of the market is different. Carpet is about the industry this year is about flat in units; however, the dollars are down because of the change to polyester, which is the lower priced product and then the pass-through of the pricing, so the dollars are down even though the units were about flat. In the last quarter, I think we've done a little better than the industry. On the other side of the thing you have products are growing much faster, so laminate is growing faster. I would guess, we're probably growing a little less than the industry in LVP, but I'm not sure, because we've held it up to - we don't want - we've held it up a little bit waiting for our capacity to support it, but it's going to start getting more as we go through. They have ceramic, it's growing relatively well and we're fully participating in it, would grow and we're putting in a new wood plant to folks participate more in it. Our plants have been running full. We've increased the capacity of it coming into this year. So, I think, we're doing well. I think we'll grow more than the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margins we're expecting to have higher margins this year over last year in the fall going forward, has built into the estimate that we've given you in the earnings per share. All these investments and things we're doing, are trying to drive the two pieces, which is the top line up and the cost down. And then you hear us, managing the SG&A piece on purpose, we raised the SG&A last fall, and we're going to have to keep tweaking it based on what the market is and what's happening in order to balance our sales with our production expectations. And hopefully, we'll be able to drive that without going - without raising the percentage and driving it down, but we'll have to see how it goes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then, I know I think you talked about having more of an indication of solid orders in terms of 3Q, just wanted to see what July trends look like in Flooring North America and a better organic growth rate return to the kind of 3% to 4% number you saw over the last few quarters? I think first our belief is that the GDP growth slowed, it was - didn't increase as we had anticipated and the market growth was a little slower. Second is that you have to realize that residential carpet is a huge part of our total business and the average selling prices are negative, and that for all the reasons we've already discussed. We did have large customers in multiple categories push product launches out, but they're still going in. We had some customers actually lowering inventory in the period. And given all those things what we said is that we expect the higher growth in the third quarter and the bookings that are in hand that we've been receiving through July, support that expectation.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We announced a price increase sometime prior to now, with those increases are being implemented as we speak. And there will be put through the marketplace. We have seen from that as the categories, they have to look at it from an engineered wood product and a solid wood product. The solid wood product is under pressure because as the prices has gone up on the solid wood, the engineered price has gotten less and so the engineered capacity is going to continue growing at the expenses of the solid wood is that, I'm guessing that the wood - the total wood volume, if you look at the year we're guessing somewhere in the 3% to 4% range for the industry. And overall for the whole industry and it could be 3% or more, we think the wood piece will be growing at a faster rate in that, maybe 5% to 6%, but then the start - all the growth is going to be in the engineered piece and the solid could be flat or down.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. What I said was that there are channels that are doing better. And so as a general piece, new housing is growing much faster than the general market. The - some of that - a lot that new housing is at lower quality level, and at the same time you've seen the multifamily business grow. On average those channels use lower quality product, and when the consumer comes in and purchases it as a remodel piece. So, as those pictures - I don't see those changing in the near term. I'm hoping that the remodel piece will improve as yet it more, but we'll have to see how it goes. On the other side, the other thing that's happening is the builder multi-family channels have moved faster to polyester. So, the different in moving from, when I used to buy nylon the polyester is also impacting the average price in those even more so than the other one.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to talk to people and look at various opportunities. We remain disclaimed in our approach with the risk and values. So we apply different risk levels to different businesses depending upon where they're located and what they are and we haven't been able to come to a common agreement with anybody in the last six months, but it doesn't mean, we're not trying.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah I think LVT is the most important one because of the changing marketplace and the opportunity would make it that at the high one. The question about changing plans or not, given our capital structure, which I've spoken about few times up to now, we will have a huge amount of capital available to us. So, if it's a good idea, we're going to support it today as we go through. We have other things that, if you look at the different businesses, my laminate in the United States is running full out, we're importing products from other places, my ceramic, I'm actually importing product from our manufacturing in Italy, Russia and Bulgaria into my ceramic business, as you go through. We mentioned, that my Mexico business, I was selling everything that we were making at this point. My wood business in the United States, as I said, I was building a new plant, because I'm sold up there. I mean, I can go through one of the timely deal, but I mean, the business is running really well and we are adding capacities to support our growth.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I forgot how many years ago, we decided the goal into the countertop business. We saw it as an adjunct to our ceramic business, and we've become the largest distributor of countertops in the country. It's a very fractured business as a distribution business with a lot of small people in regional places and because we cover most of the United States, but not all of it, with it, so it's an opportunity to grow our business as a broad distribution company. We've been able to leverage our relationships with ceramic and stone flooring to build a nice business that we have and we see opportunities to expand the position into more distribution and look at the other opportunities within it. There are - for instance, in Europe, there is a porcelain countertop being made similar to ceramic tile, and we're actually putting in capacity, I mentioned earlier, to actually make it in Europe. So once we put that in, which should be sometime next year, we'll start importing it and selling it through our own distribution as it for instance.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think my best answer is more of the same is that it's okay, but you would normally think it should be really much stronger, given where we are in the cycle and what's going on, but it is what it is.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We're optimistic about our position in the marketplace. We believe the market is going to continue doing well, and we think we're well positioned. Have a great day.
Frank Boykin: If I can get all those out, if I forget, you remind me. Our strategy is and has been to aggressively drive our business growth and profits through our profit allocations. And okay, where the truth I'm really not sure that our ability to do that's been fully recognized by the entire market. Prior to 2016, we invested about $5 billion into the business which is why we've been doing so well and expect to continue doing well. Of that, about a $1.5 billion was into our existing assets and about $3.5 billion was into nine other acquisitions. With those things, the paybacks range from the short-end of two years for some of the capital to the long-end of about five years with most things and the difference in doing some of the internal pieces is, when you go into big projects, they can take year to year-and-a-half to get it going another year to bring it up to level. So, you don't get as much return in the first year too, but over the IRR over the five-year period and 10-year period is usually much greater, is it along with lower risks. At the same time, during those things, we have invested, investing as the business get stronger, we started investing more in SG&A and most of the business is to drive it, and with the investments we're putting in, they get about $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion as what we said of additional sales. We have to be bringing up the SG&A in order to support those things and it goes in before you actually get the sales results, when you get through. From there going forward, in 2016, we've announced, we're going to invest over $600 million, [indiscernible] in the same things of new products, increasing efficiencies, and giving us more capacity in all of our different businesses. Again, these investments are the ones that give us the highest return at what we believe to be the lowest risk of our various opportunities as they're. Today, the fastest growing part of flooring industry is LVT as we just went through before, we'll have over $1 billion of capacity to support this in the U.S. and Europe, so we think we're well positioned. Our plants are more automated than others that are in the more integrated forward and backwards in order to make it at lower costs and give us high flexibility to make wherever the customer wants. With this, we continue to look at acquisition opportunities around the world. We remain disciplined in our approach to get good returns on those, and organization's ability to identify and execute these opportunities is really what sets us apart.
Frank Boykin: And besides that, Sam. I would not say that we're prepared to give a number or guidance, but like Jeff said, we are driving the business, everybody has goals in terms of productivity improvement, whether they're in manufacturing distribution or administrative roles, and it's a deeply embedded part of our culture here to continually improve the business.
Frank Boykin: So, the cannibalization within the marketplace. First is, there is a huge amount - I mean, almost all of the LVT is coming in from China as is. So, first is there is going to be a switch between the America sold from China and amount that's made here. The industry today here depending upon whose estimate years is somewhere around $1 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion, it's expected to grow maybe 15%, but it's going to grow $200 million over the next 12 months, so that's occurring, separate from that. So, one is there is the change from where it supplied from on a separate basis, it's taking a little bit from everything, it's coming out of almost every product category where it is. If you say, it's going to grow unlike up something, and you say, it's going to grow $200 million over the next 12 months, that's approximately 1% of the industry. And if you do that the - if the whole industry grows maybe $3 million to $4 million, it's taken about one-third to 25% to 30% of all the growth is what's happening and it's coming from all over. We hope - we think we are going to be the best position in the marketplace with the lowest cost access and ability to deliver the best style and features in the marketplace, we know, we are ahead of everybody else.
Frank Boykin: There are different - and it's more segmented than that. The differences between residential and commercial, this differences between low, medium and high and a different products and different features require to optimize each. They are installed different, as at the low-end you know it could be glued in or laid in, the high-end could be clicked. And the performance features are different, depending upon residential and commercial.
Frank Boykin: Sam, I would also remind you that many of our acquisitions that we've done over the years have been discussions and negotiations that have gone on for years. Dal-Tile is a good example, IBC is a good example, is a good example, those each were at least two years or three years of ongoing discussions.
Frank Boykin: No I expect - Scott I expect the cash flow this year to be - continue to be strong as we move into the second half of the year there, we're going continue to see good strong earnings and manage operating - our working capital even with the elevated CapEx. The CapEx, it will be more in the second half and it was in the first half as we go through, but so should the earnings. And then I don't know about acquisitions, whatever shows up.
