Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. Welcome to our first quarter conference call for Mohawk Industries. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review or Safe Harbor statement and later the financial results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are commercial increases going on. The commercial increases get implemented slightly different. With a specified marketplace it is on a job-by-job basis. You typically don't see the increases. We just put out the increases as Mohawk's in the same way we do the other as (inaudible) has done it. But we believe that the price increases will be in similar ranges, maybe a little less than the residential ones in general.
Jeff Lorberbaum: All of our retailers are pushing value propositions, which has reduced the mix of the products in all the different categories. With the volume where it was, everyone has been hesitant to promote anything other than price. So when they come in the store, there is a heavy direction towards lower value products. Typically, as you go through these recoveries what happens is, the consumers really don't want the lowest value thing they can get. They really have the desire for the best quality and products they can afford. And so as you change those things typically improve and the mix typically improves as we go through the recovery.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, I think it was spread across all of the areas, Eric. The easiest ones start off with FX was more favorable than we had anticipated and probably was $0.05 value. And then the rest of the benefit or the improvement is going to be spread between slightly better sales and better margins and lower costs.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have any magic crystal balls about the future. We have about a two week backlog in the residential business because we ship the stuff so quickly. So anything we give you is just pulled out of the air. We believe that it's going to continue improving in the piece. We've in vetted in our estimates and improvement. We have the timing of those improvements. We can't estimate them much better than you can. We believe that by the second half we'll see significant improvement in the residential remodeling business. You have the new construction business that we can see the starts picking up. Since our products are almost the last thing that go in, we won't feel it until the end of the third quarter or the fourth quarter as the homes become almost complete. So, most of the benefit we'll see in the latter part of the year in new home construction. Our present estimates are that the commercial business will stay difficult through this year. We're anticipating a bottom out and next year they'll turn positive. But the exact timing in a month-to-month piece, we're just guessing same as you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It has shown some improvement. It is obfuscated in the way we see it because given these price increases we've done, people try to beat the price increases and make it difficult to read exactly what's happening in the demand level on the streets.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We should have the second increase. Some of it probably won't be completely implemented until some part at the start of the third quarter. So it will be somewhere in that neighborhood.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't quantified that or talked about it on the call here but it's going to be a drag on the quarter a little bit until we get the price increase implemented.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We announced 4% to 7% price increase in the category. Typically, we have much more of it in the lower end of the business and typically we don't get all of it. So we need about a 3% to 4% price increase to cover it on average and we get through. And what we said about the amount of the increase we have in the second one, the second one is a little bit higher than the first one than. We need in the [ph] second one.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We make estimates of what we think they're going to be. Most of the raw materials are the large pieces we have that fluctuate month to month. So we're anticipating that in the future, given the volatility of commodities and oil prices, I can tell you there our estimates in December, when we put them together weren't too good. Our basis today is we believe we've anticipated where they're going to be. Our assumptions are that we think they're going to level out and hopefully we won't need anymore but we'll have to see what happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: About two-thirds of the business is what we call the laminate flooring industry, the category, which would include the board business that supports that. It also includes the licensing pieces and everything else that has to do with that. And the rest of the business is made up of a roofing business and another board business. The board business has started improving. As the volume has gone up, the capacity utilization of the plants have gone up significantly in the first quarter. The problem we're having is they're all wood based materials as well as the chemicals that go into glue and we're lagging in the pricing on those. We've put through a price increase in the first quarter, and we've announced a second one for the second quarter. So we hope by the third quarter we'll have the pricing aligned with the costs with it. The roofing structure – it's a roofing structure business where we make custom made roofing structures. It suffered during the first quarter due to the lower construction going on, as well as the weather has impacted it. The more severe weather has impacted it. So it was negative in the period. It should improve as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the percent in front of me. What's happening is that the polyester prices have increased less than the nylon prices or the polypropylene prices and the commodities that support each have changed. What's happening is the industry is moving the mix from the other categories of polyester. We are investing more and putting those in place.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that our laminate business in Europe is positioned differently than the average market. In Europe, what happened is that we're positioned mostly in the mid to high range. We have started taking business. We've been talking about the last quarter too of expanding our channels and going into the lower end of the marketplace and we're doing things to do that. Our goal is not to become the commodity supplier in the marketplace though because we've spent a lot of effort in creating innovation in the marketplace. Those things have positively impacted our margin versus the mix of the industry as a whole. On the other hand, last year when the consumers were moving to more pricing, we were suffering a little bit with that strategy and the mix of the products, the low end was doing a little better than the high end. I think that we're performing well versus the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: When you say the full amount, there's a mix that goes into it. So we announced a price increase of X and typically there's more of it at the lower end than the higher end because of the mix of the industry and the prices and then we do lose some of it as we go through in different places as we adapt to market conditions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Dal-Tile. The Dal-Tile, we have the normal seasonal uptick that we're going have. The thing that's different in Dal-Tile is, Dal-Tile as we went into the recession, it lagged coming in. The lag was caused because we have a higher commercial business. And with that, as we come out of it, that higher commercial business is going to cause it to probably trail a little bit on the other end. So we're expecting it to trail a little bit because we have about – almost 40% of the business is in commercial.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The great majority of it is in soft surface. There is a hard surface business that has not a bigger impact because the hard surfaces tend to have a more larger portion of the new home construction business in them and maybe if you call Frank back, we'll get you a better view of the percentage.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think in general, we performed in line with the industry. I think that the residential business might have been slightly better and the commercial might have been slightly worse but they're close in total, when you adjust for all the days and the different product categories in the pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: All the extrusion equipment we're buying, and all that was bought in the last X years is flexible to do either or so that it's not a one way street to commitment. Where the industry's having problems with extrusion is in the '90's when polypropylene was so great. A large portion of the capacity that was put in for polypropylene didn't have the capabilities of making the other fibers. And so the industry is having to realign and put capacity in to make white yarns of nylon polyester or either one and then we have the additional piece of the Triexta fiber which is a growing piece of our high end residential business. It's becoming a core port of that high end business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Why don't you give Frank a call? We'll get back to numbers on the fiber mix and we'll be glad to give it to you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We shut down the majority of it because there is none [ph] left. We have – most of what's left is now being used polyester staple. It has a longer, a different value proposition than the nylon did. And so we believe it will still have value on going out. It will be under pressure by the others. We are using more of the capacity to actually use the resins to put in filament polyester that we're using from bottles and we'll continue growing that as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look over the different options. Basically today, we're not using any short-term debt. So the capital structure, we do need more short-term debt in it. On the other hand, what's happening, we'd like to push up the short-term debt as a proportion of the total. On the other hand, the money available today is at reasonable rates and readily available and we continue to re-evaluate periodically. We want to change the structure and do it. We won't need any money till next year to pay off the other debts. Unless we do some significant investments we don't have on the sheet today and we continue reanalyzing both those things as those conditions change.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We believe that we can handle them within the financial structures that we have, unless we make a significant change in either an investment or acquisitions or starting up something that's not on the plan today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that as we trade up, when's going to happen is the product mix – we make more money on some of the higher end stuff than we do on the little commoditized lower end. So as the mix changes, it will help our margins. At the moment, I don't have any plans this year to put through any other price increases, knowing what I know today, if the raw materials go up more than we anticipate in the next three to four months we might have to change our direction. But we believe that's where we are today with what we know today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look at various pieces. The big CapEx pieces that we have on the books now are the filament fiber investment. We have – looking at a potential of adding more ceramic capacity, maybe in Mexico we're looking at the process of a laminate flooring plant in Russia that we're in the midst of looking at and we're reviewing several other opportunities as we speak.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's not significantly different. In the roofing business, it's further out because the stuff is custom made. In the board businesses typically we have agreements that could be anywhere from one month to a quarter out. But the general agreements, it can change. The flooring business is not much different than it is here.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that they're all under pressure. We see that they're all going to be suffering this year, unless something changes, which is good that we don't see where they are. I think in the carpet piece more you see the trends are continuing to more modular carpet. So the modular carpet is doing better in the categories as people use more of it and different pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't seen it yet because. You can say [ph] that we can see it changing. People are still being very conservative with their investments. There has been no new construction started in the last year and a half or two years. Most of what was out there is finished. So it was very moderately done. Debt's still difficult to come by to start new projects. They have to put up more money for it. So those things are starting to change but when the new part starts it will be a year and a half out before you see it. The new construction part is not going to help us in the short term. So it's really all dependent on the remodeling side of both the specified and non-specified businesses that come in. And if the hospitality business can turn, you can't rent out rooms for $300 – $400 a room and have dilapidated rooms. So as people see this business improving, those things can change rapidly. I'm sure the projects on the book that we have with – many of them have been postponed. So the question is what's the timing of those and when it's going to turn loose. We can't predict them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of the businesses were fairly vertical in most of the pieces. I think that we made a choice not to go back into nylon resin at one point, given the change in the mix of polyester. That looks like a reasonable decision. The polyester and polypropylene resins, the carpet industry is a very limited portion relative to the total uses in the market place. So the scale you need to participate in those, we don't have enough to participate in and we're very commoditized in expenditures. So we think we're well positioned to do that. We just have to make sure that we have enough conversion capacity to support our business which we think we're putting in place.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first question's is the home centers. The home centers in general show a lower product mix than the marketplace in general. The do it yourself part of the businesses tend to be at the lower end of the marketplace. So products going into there have a lower mix and value proposition and would have lower margins relative to the market in total because they have a less participation in the higher end of it. And then the second part of the question was commercial trends. Again, the commercial trends are – we're seeing the commercial businesses are under pressure. The remodeling pieces will react first and those will be on projects that are in place and the large ones that have been postponed and we really can't tell when it's going to turn or not. There are some positive signs out there, but not enough to say there's a new direction. We're still predicting the whole year to be down.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In general, we're running 75% to 80% of the general piece. But all the businesses have a lot of different parts and pieces to them and some could be running in the 90% and others in the 60s.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are seeing some improvement that we perceive but it's really difficult to read, given the price changes that are going on that we see in the pieces. But we are seeing improvement. The customers are more optimistic and we are anticipating improvement as we go through the year. We really think that in all the historical cycles, the remodeling business has really jumped. It has been a leading edge of the economy. Given the decrease in the housing prices we think that people are postponing some of the remodeling. But we think that there's a huge opportunity that's going to come through. We just can't identify the timing of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't been able to connect the two together. We see improvement in general and haven't been able to connect the great [ph] economic problems to what we're seeing today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we, Mohawk, need higher margins than we have and I think we're going to do everything we can to maintain them because we have to get back to our historical margins in order to have the money to invest in our business and satisfy our customers.Arnold Brief – Goldsmith & Harris: Thank you very much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. We think that the economic recovery is here. We think that we'll see continued improvement throughout the year and we're doing everything we can to get the business profitability to where we want it. Have a good day. Thank you very much.
Frank Boykin: Sam, what we've said is we've incurred about $60 million of costs and write-offs last year and that we thought we've get about a year and a half payback on those and we got a portion of that last year and the rest of it is falling into this year, throughout the year. And so it'll be about $30 million for the full year, this year.
Frank Boykin: Let's see. We don't really break out mix separate from price because it's difficult to do that. But it's probably in the low to mid single digit area.
Frank Boykin: The other thing to point out here, too, Laura on the Unilin results is, they were 9% up topline year-over-year on a constant exchange rate basis but if you adjust it through a constant day's basis, its just 2% to 3% up.Laura Champine – Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Frank Boykin: First off, remember the first quarter seasonally is the slowest. So just the fact you're going into seasonally better quarters than the last three, you'll see some improvement from that in the third quarter.
Frank Boykin: I don't think you're going to see margins year-over-year in Dal-Tile. I don't think that will happen. I think sequentially you'll see improvement in margins.
Frank Boykin: We generally don't give out that. We just guide for the earnings per share and then as we have said before, the real challenge we have is coming up with an outlook beyond a month or two because we just don't have a lot of visibility. So we just limit our guidance to the earnings per share.
Frank Boykin: John, just to follow up on your question on hard surfaces in the Mohawk segment, remember we have rugs, (inaudible) carpet, commercial and residential and hard surface and hard surface is in the kind of 10% range of the building.
Frank Boykin: Between cash and using our bank facility, we think we can generate enough cash and have enough availability on that to take care of the remaining $300 million on the 2011s.
Frank Boykin: And we think we've got alternatives available on this market to address any kind of issue that comes along.
