Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our third quarter results significantly exceeded our expectations, with sales recovering and operating income substantially increasing from last year's levels. Under continued pandemic conditions, people all over the world are spending more time in their homes and working remotely. Globally, this trend increased investments in home remodeling as well as driving new home purchases.  All of our businesses and geographies were stronger due to higher demand and customers increasing inventory in our distribution channels. Flooring Rest of the World delivered the strongest results in the quarter as our Northern European, Russian and Australian businesses were less impacted by the pandemic.  Our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments also improved substantially while being more affected by COVID and postponed commercial projects. Our laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl outperformed our other categories, and our new plants improved their output and efficiencies. Fluctuations in worldwide exchange rates negatively impacted our EBIT by about $7 million, with declines in most currencies offsetting the strengthening euro. During the period, demand for our products exceeded our production, and inventory declined by about $80 million, as we ramped up plants across the world. Our increase in manufacturing in the period was limited by challenges with hiring, training and capacity. To cover higher operating, material and logistics costs, we have announced selective price increases in some markets and product categories. We have made significant progress on our previously announced restructuring actions and are in line with our planned schedule and savings. In response to higher demand levels, we have postponed some restructuring projects while we assess future conditions.  Our businesses responded to the COVID crisis, as our focus has remained on keeping our employees safe. Throughout our offices, operations and distribution systems, we have implemented procedures that exceed the public health guidelines. We are tracking all identified cases, testing all contacts and successfully containing the spread within our operations. Throughout the pandemic, our people have collaborated to protect each other and support our customers around the world. Even with our improved performance in the period, our visibility of the future remains very limited. As COVID cases increase, governments may expand restrictions on commerce and reduce stimulus activities. In addition, future consumer spending is uncertain. Business investments remain low, and inventory growth in the channels could change. We continue to monitor health information and market trends to respond to the evolving conditions in our market.  In the second quarter, we took advantage of the favorable rate environment to pay off $1.1 billion of short-term debt and prefund our future long-term maturities. In the third quarter, we generated about $530 million of cash, bringing our cash balance to $1.2 billion at the end of the period. We will pursue additional investment opportunities including internal growth, acquisitions and stock purchases as the pandemic and economies improve.  We believe our stock represents an attractive investment and our Board of Directors recently approved the plan to repurchase $500 million of the company's stock.  I'll turn the call over to Frank for a review of our third quarter financials. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. We entered the fourth quarter with improved sales and margin trends and have a solid order backlog across the enterprise. Residential remodeling and new home construction are forecasted to remain strong as the pandemic has transformed our living spaces into schools and offices and as participation in other activities has fallen. The fourth quarter is slower for our industry due to normal seasonality, and we expect lower growth in channel inventory levels. Our higher-margin commercial channels will continue to be slow, with completed projects likely to outpace new starts. We anticipate service improving with our inventories rising as production levels exceed sales. We are implementing our restructuring plans and are on track to reduce costs as expected. Our visibility continues to be limited by many uncertainties, including how government restrictions and demand will evolve. Assuming the current economic trends continue, we anticipate our fourth quarter EPS to be $2.75 to $2.87 with a nonrecurring tax rate of approximately 5% for the period. Our business has responded effectively to the COVID crisis, changing government restrictions and varying market conditions. Residential remodeling and new construction are expected to improve next year. The commercial business should increase from its present low levels as economies recover going forward. Our strong balance sheet, cash generation and liquidity will allow us to move from a defensive posture to a more aggressive growth strategy. With that, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said was we postponed some of it. We actually reduced the cost of the restructuring by about $10 million and I think the amount of savings by the same $10 million. At this point, we haven't concluded -- it's only a limited portion of the total. At this point, we have already executed about 25% of the savings through the third quarter. As we said before, we expect about $15 million to $20 million a period going forward on a continuous basis. So we haven't changed the strategy on restructuring and cutting costs out of the business. It was just a limited portion of it. On the inventories, we're going to continue increasing the inventories between the fourth quarter and first quarter, and it's all dependent on how we see the demand evolving and the business changing as we go through. We'll keep adjusting the inventories up and down. We expect to be in a reasonable shape coming out of the first quarter for the rest of the year. And in some cases where we have capacity limitations, you'll see us increasing inventories in the slower periods to take us through the peak periods in the middle of the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's just give you a higher-level view of it. The commercial business is somewhere about 20% to 25% of our total business. In that, we have kept parts of the business that have very little and parts that have significant. The most significant pieces are in U.S. carpet, U.S. ceramic and our European ceramic have a much larger piece of the commercial businesses. All the commercial businesses are down substantially. Existing projects are being completed, and new ones are more limited coming forward. We're anticipating a slow recovery over time with next year being better, but it could take multiple years to get back to where it was as we go through.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The LVT in Europe is operating much better. It's positively contributing to our results. The margins are not as high as the average of our business. We have specific actions on a continuing basis to continue to lower the cost, and we expect the productivity and cost to further improve. In Europe, which is ahead of the U.S., we're actually bringing to market new innovative features to keep us ahead of the marketplace, and they're going in the market now. In the U.S., as we've said, it's behind the other one by 3 to 4 months. We've just recently brought engineers over, which we had trouble getting them to get into the United States. So we'd had them here earlier to -- and they're in the plants, updating the pieces to align with it. I left out in Europe that we're in the process of adding a weekend shift to it to fill the increasing demand on the rigid products over there, and the U.S. is following behind, and we think we're going to get to where we need to go.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the third quarter compared to the last year, we had -- our European businesses ran a lot of the capacity through the vacation period so our cost structures were lower and on a relative basis to each other as we go through. At the same time in the third quarter, we cut back on a huge amount of our marketing activities and our costs with the capacities where they are, and we're going to have to take -- normalize the marketing expenses and pieces in the fourth quarter going forward. On a forward basis, when you look at the sales, it looks like residential will continue to be good, but you're listening to all the things about COVID. We're not sure what's going to happen with COVID and how it's going to impact our business. So far with the European businesses, it appears that our customers are going to stay open. And they're considered essential, but I mean, it's changing by the day. So that's good at the moment, but we can't tell what's going to happen. Our commercial businesses, we really don't know if they've bottomed yet or not. You have the old things -- projects were put in place are coming to completion, and they're completing. The new ones are slower coming up, and it's really hard to determine how they're going to all balance out together as we go through the fourth quarter. So in our estimate, we're trying to reflect all of those considerations.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't give out the information at that level. I can tell you that our sales were limited in all the product categories by our capacities and production levels. With the $500 million of inventory that's been taken out of the whole business is that we usually go into the third quarter with higher inventories and reduce them. So all the categories, the sales were limited by that. In the carpet one specifically, with the whole industry in the same area, the whole industry picked up. The whole industry had let the workforce decline because nobody could see where it is. So there's a huge pressure on the workforce in getting it staffed back up, and then the training and hiring impacted it significantly. So the business in Flooring North America had more restrictions on it than many of the other businesses. We are a long way down where we'd like to be, but we're still having training, absenteeism, COVID still impacts. We're protecting the people inside the business. But when they come in with it, we then have to let people go home, and the absenteeism goes up. So protecting all the people is impacting our ability to raise the production rates as high as we would have liked to have them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we're growing with the market. The numbers are really hard to get by because the numbers are based on the imports. And the imports have been so erratic, you cannot -- and we have the same thing in ceramic. You can't take the imported volumes and assume that reflects what's going on in the marketplace. So it's really hard to estimate the sales at this point about -- for anything that's imported.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's hard to tell. One is as the base continues to get bigger, the growth rate is not going to grow at the same rate it has been, and the growth rate is going to slow. And I think it's still going to grow but just at a lower growth rate.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The countries where the imported ceramic's coming from, most of the countries, their exchange rates have weakened in the past 6 months, which isn't helping things.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The price increase is basically focused on the freight. If you look around the country, the freight rates are going up dramatically. The transportation systems are tight. And so all the cost of everybody who's moving anything are going to go up, not only us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first part of it is that the regions -- that the majority of our businesses are in Northern Europe, which performed better. Second is they have a much higher percentage of residential sales so they didn't have the same impact on the commercial volume and commercial margins, and the commercial margins in our businesses are higher than our residential businesses. So they also suffer. At the same time, we had -- the LVT performance over there is better. We have a new plant in Russia that turned profitable and is doing well. We're increasing the shifts in both LVT and sheet vinyl layer to satisfy demand. And then we also had the occurrence in our Australian business that the Australian business also performed really well. And we think a lot of it's because of pent-up demand and we were better positioned than our competitors in the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think we're about 3 to 4, maybe 5 months, behind the European one. The European businesses are all profitable, and so the reason we're bringing over the people is to catch up. In addition, in Europe, they're one step ahead of us with new products and innovations in the marketplace. So their mix is a little higher, which we'll be introducing here as we catch up to them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So first, the holidays do fall on different time frames. So one is it could have a positive impact on the volume due to the timing. On the business shifts and the closures of the holidays, they're all around the inventories and service levels that are required. We can increase or decrease them within some limits based on the business volume and get volunteers to work through some of the holidays if they -- usually, there's a group that can. So if we need more capacity in our projections, we can increase the utilization of the plants and keep running them to raise inventories if we think we need to.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know how demand is going to be over the next 2 months with COVID, and so we're leaving everything flexible because we have no idea what's going to happen to the volume at this minute. And we're working almost week-to-week, trying to anticipate what's happening. But we don't know if governments are going to restrict us more or not restrict us more, and we don't know how the consumer is going to react. So we're producing as necessary.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're looking at now all the way through the first quarter of the pieces and trying to see how the thing works. And at the same time, we're trying to estimate next year's requirements, which is really hard to do.
Jeff Lorberbaum: No. We're going to catch up by the end of the year the demand pieces, we believe. But the inventories is the question, what level will they get to and where they are, and it's all dependent on how strong the demand is through November and December relative to our production rates. And we're not sure -- normally, seasonally, it falls off. And we're expecting our inventories to go up in both the fourth quarter and the first quarter, is it to get them to where we want them be for next year. And then we're going to keep adjusting the strategy based on how we see the consumers reacting in COVID.
Jeff Lorberbaum: To begin with, it's too early for us to feel them. At this point, the cases have gone up, but it really hasn't -- we haven't seen any impact in either our demand relative to the new changes or to limitations they're putting on us. At the moment, they are limiting more social activities. They're limiting what time people go to bed, they -- how they go out at night. They're limiting bars and restaurants. And so up to this point, we haven't seen it. So we're going to have to see to how restricted do they get and what, if any, impact it's going to have on us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's different by product, by category. I think as we ran through the earlier description, what you heard was we were raising prices in a number of categories. I'll try to run through some of them. U.S. ceramic, mostly based on freight; Brazilian ceramic; U.S. carpet; U.S. LVT; European sheet with vinyl and LVT with vinyl costs going up; and European installation with the raw materials there. So all those are in process of being enacted. The oil prices are really difficult to predict. So how they're going to react and where they're going to go, we're going to have to follow them. There's also the supply and demand of the various places in between. So in vinyl in Europe, there's a really tight supply of it. So the prices are going up. So it's really hard to predict how all the supply and demands are going to work out, and we're reacting as appropriate.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's -- you have to back up a little. The last 6 months, I mean all focus has been on surviving an unknown future and trying to manage day-to-day, changing the strategies almost week-to-week. And so anything about future investments were put on hold, any looking at acquisitions was put away. So we've gone through this period, and we didn't know what the demand and cash flows were going to be like. So at this point, we're getting comfortable that the business has improved significantly, and we have to go back and start looking at alternatives and pieces. And today, we still have a constriction on capital expenses, where we postponed things that we think are good projects. And we have to decide what next year is going to look like and how aggressively to approach it. And then we are restarting at this point, looking at alternatives to grow the business, go into new product categories and potential acquisitions. But we're just starting to do that as the business is starting to normalize.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is in the third quarter, the inventory of the whole business actually went down $80 million. So the inventories declined in the third quarter even with all our efforts. Now as we went through the period, the inventory -- the production rates increased as we went through the period. And with that, we still have a lot of cost with training people, absenteeism, COVID across the different businesses. So we expect those things to get better going forward. But as the cases in the communities go up, we'll have to see what happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have perfect views into it. We know that coming out of the second quarter, just like the rest of us, that they all reduced their inventories not knowing what was going to happen, and they came into the third period with low inventories. The sales improved in most of them. And so they tried to increase the -- one is they tried to satisfy the demand, and they've tried to get some of the inventories up in their own places. We think they're still low in most of the channel, but we're not sure because we have very poor views of what's going on through it, is it. We know that -- in specific instances with some large customers, we know we have not been able to supply them the volume they wanted to increase their inventories. And we think there's going to be, in those parts, some inventory increases. Now what we can't tell is, because we don't have the view, is what's going to happen, which is why another piece in the demand which we're uncomfortable with. We can't tell if some of it was to increase inventories and that they will reduce the orders as they get further in the period because they -- it won't help them if it doesn't get there in time. So there's a lot of moving parts in this thing that we really don't have good views of.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're responding to the COVID crisis as required. As you can tell, our forward visibility is poor, and we're going to have to keep reacting to it. The actions that we've been taking should improve our results next year, both in cutting costs, improving our sales. The commercial businesses, we expect next year to continue to improve. And our balance sheet is strong and will support moving to a more aggressive growth strategy. We appreciate the time you've taken to be with us. Thank you very much.
Frank Boykin: Steve, this is Frank. That is a good question, and I'd like to make a couple of points, I think, about that. First, last quarter, we stated that the Audit Committee's investigation was substantially complete. This quarter, we added to our statement that the investigation is complete and that the Audit Committee has concluded that the allegations are without merit. And I think the second point regarding the authorization, the Board's decision to authorize an additional $500 million for stock purchases is clearly an indication of their view of the value of our stock, but I also think it's an indication of the improved clarity on our position in the class action lawsuit.
Frank Boykin: The one other thing, Tim, I would like to just to emphasize there, too, is with commercial down as it is, it is a much higher-margin business in the residential side.
Frank Boykin: And I would just add too, Mike, that the single biggest headwind we had on sales in Flooring North America was commercial, as Jeff had talked about before.
Frank Boykin: The other side of that, too, is, as we've said several times, our inventories are below where they need to be, and we're running production as hard as we can to try to get caught up.
Frank Boykin: We went through this last time, too, Susan, with the definition of essential businesses both in the U.S. and over in Europe back in March, April and May, and we're going through the same exercise now. But so far, we're considered to be essential businesses.
Frank Boykin: Right now, as Jeff said, that we did pull back in the third quarter on marketing expenses, and we have to begin to normalize that in the fourth quarter. But we continue to see benefits from our restructuring plans as well, which will help lower that cost.
Frank Boykin: Well, it's a general authorization. I think you had -- that was one of the descriptions you used. This is a general authorization for us to increase the amount of shares we can buy by up to another $500 million. So this is going to allow us to invest in our stock because we believe it's a good value going forward. And so we'll continue to look at different investment alternatives, including this one, capital expenditures and acquisitions, just like we said earlier.
Chris Wellborn: Well, Keith, typically residential pricing would be less than commercial pricing. So I wouldn't expect help on a pricing. Secondly, so far, with the imports coming in, the pricing has been under pressure on those 2. So I don't -- wouldn't expect a whole lot of help from pricing. We are taking a price increase to offset transportation and other costs. But generally, I don't -- the shift to residential is going to help us.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the tile business is going to remain competitive in the United States. But as you may already know, we have implemented restructuring initiatives that are being executed as planned. In North America, we've closed 2 manufacturing facilities and consolidated distribution points. And we've reduced SG&A, manufacturing and also lower-performing products. So I think we'll be in an environment where pricing is competitive, but we are reducing our cost at the same time.
Chris Wellborn: Really, we don't know at this point. All we can -- we do know that the average price of imports have declined and that we have recently implemented or in the process of implementing a price increase, but we don't know yet about the other competitors.
Chris Wellborn: Well, what's happened and as the commercial slowed down, we've taken resources out of that business. And at the same time, we've added resources in the residential business, both on the remodeling and the new construction. The -- and I think that residential business looks like it's got some legs on it for several months into next year and maybe beyond. Commercial, we think, will come back. But for right now, there's not been a whole lot of projects started, and so we've pulled back in that area.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I can take that. In Q3, our volume was higher as the economy rebounded in all areas. We had higher productivity with volume. And we -- as you mentioned, we had lower vacation stops. We had lower material cost, but that was offset by price/mix. LVT and Russian sheet improved performance. In Australia and New Zealand, we were better due to increased volume from deferred purchases. Q4 will be lower margins due to seasonality, higher cost and additional marketing investments.
Michael Rehaut: Congrats on the results. First, I just wanted to get a sense, if possible, you had mentioned inventory build during the third quarter. And just wanted to get a sense for what that contributed to the overall sales growth and if there were any segments where there were larger, where it contributed more than others.
Michael Rehaut: Well, both, if I could be so bold, but I'll settle for what the contribution was in the third quarter, if you could give me on a relative basis. I know that you said for 4Q, there'll be less of a growth from -- less of a contribution from inventory growth. But just love to hear your thoughts on, again, what roughly was the percent sales growth contribution from the inventory restocking.
Michael Rehaut: Yes. I'm not referring to the inventory decline at your own business. What I was referring to -- and maybe I'm misunderstanding it, but what I thought you had said in the prepared remarks was that in the sales into the channel, there was some inventory restocking by your customers as demand rebounded as well. And so if that was the case, not what your own inventory balances did, but what the sales into the channel did, if you have any sense of what contribution to sales growth the inventory restocking by your customers was.
