James Brunk: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor call. Joining me on today's call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's first quarter performance and provide guidance for the second quarter of 2023.  I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website.  I'll now turn the call over to Jeff for opening comments.
James Brunk: I think, Joe, you would start with looking at the relationship between materials, energy, and pricing, as you kind of alluded to. If you think about it, the cost really started to gradually fall for us late in 2022. And it takes anywhere from 3 to 6 months for it to flow through the P&L. What we would expect in 2023 is that inflation to become a more kind of declining headwind and become a benefit in the second half with price and mix weakening with more competition from lower industry volumes.  Volume itself -- it was interesting in the first quarter, it was lower against some very, very strong comps in the prior year with pricing lighting inflation. Another point is, as we had indicated, we did not build inventory as normal. And so some of the shutdowns compressed our margins, though it improved sequentially. In the second quarter, we would anticipate higher production and fewer shutdowns. And as I said before, kind of all the details of this certainly will be in our 10-Q in terms of the bridge items.  But also one other point would be around the growth investments. Our current expansion projects, we are focused on future sales opportunities and capacity constraints, very focused on laminate, LVT, quartz, countertops, ceramic slabs and their installation businesses. They are postponing other investments until visibility improves, but these investments should really set us up along with their acquisitions to help our business in '24 and beyond.
James Brunk: Well, as I just said, now with Joe's, it takes some time for it to flow through the P&L. So sequentially, if you think about that, you would see improvement from -- we saw some from Q4 to Q1 on input costs. I would expect from Q1 to Q2 for that to be even stronger because of Flooring North America having to absorb in the first quarter, most of that peak material cost. So that's raw materials. But obviously, we also have energy in there as well on the inflation. So from Q1 to Q2, you would see that improvement. But the pricing and mix would continue to be under pressure as competition steps up, especially with the lower industry volumes.
James Brunk: Yes, even though it's down, I would expect you'll see some -- you've saw the headwinds in Q1. And then from a year-over-year perspective, in Q2, get we better turning -- if it stays on the trajectory, it is right now from a year-over-year perspective, that energy should turn to a tailwind in the back half of the year.
James Brunk: Don't forget also, you were seeing falling ocean freights, which is reducing the cost of imports to the U.S. So the weaker dollar certainly will partially offset.
James Brunk: And we're also doing that with the balancing the administrative side and trying to control that cost, making sure that we emphasize the selling and the marketing aspects as we go forward.
James Brunk: So in the first quarter, you're right, we closed on Vitromex and Elizabeth purchase price is just over $500 million combined. If you step back, we did about 5 bolt-on acquisitions last year in 2022, plus 2 ceramic acquisitions that we just completed. And to frame it from a sales perspective, it should be in the $600 million range on an annual basis given normal conditions. Obviously, the markets are a little bit tighter in Brazil and Mexico, like they are in other geographies. So what we gave you was their sales from the prior year.
James Brunk: In total, if you take energy and raw materials, again, that should be really a declining headwind as you go through from Q1 to Q2 and becoming a benefit in the second half of the year. And that's also leading to some price/mix weakening as well with competition with lower input costs and volumes being lower.
James Brunk: Well, sequentially, is what I think you're asking from Q1 to Q2, energy, the savings of the lower-cost energy will pick up from the prior quarter. So it should become -- sequentially, it will be a benefit in the quarter -- in the second quarter compared to the first quarter.
James Brunk: The headwind that you're going to see. Well, let me put it in terms of the total inflation, again, from a year-over-year perspective that we saw in the first quarter, it was about $158 million. So you'll see that detail later today. And so I would expect that total inflation from a year-over-year perspective to be significantly lower than that in the second quarter.
James Brunk: So we have -- so if you step back, we've announced the 2 restructuring plans early last year. And the total cost is somewhere between $135 million and $140 million, only about $25 million of that is cash. So we're going to save a little bit over probably $60 million annually. That will be ramping up as you go through this year. Most of the savings for Flooring North America, the actions are on track. And you'll see that in the Florida North America results as you go Q2 and Q3 and to the end of the year. The actions in Flooring Rest of the World which are really around phasing out our residential flexible LVT and turning that in concentrating on rigid. That will take a little bit longer as you go through 2023.
James Brunk: Yes. So we have an easier -- a very difficult comp in the first -- the first half of the year, and then that will become a little bit easier as you get to the back half of the year. So you would see those -- you would assume if we stay where we are in terms of the recovery that those percentages would decrease the difference would decrease as you go through the back half of the year.
James Brunk: That's the bottom line. If you're talking just the sales line, then you also have -- so you have the improvement in comps in terms of volume, which will help as well as the acquisitions we described. So those helped on the top line.
James Brunk: And probably one last thing, Eric, as Jeff said earlier, this cycle is a little bit different with the employment remaining strong, wages increasing and housing, obviously, remaining in short supply and people staying in their homes. And as they get more comfortable from a consumer confidence standpoint if that evolves, then they would come back to the remodeling.
James Brunk: Well, from a percentage basis, it runs different by segment. We have more commercial exposure in global ceramics especially in the U.S. that could have over 35% or so of its business in ceramic -- or excuse me, in ceramic being in commercial in the U.S. And then in Flooring North America would be the next largest with limited exposure in Flooring Rest of the World.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. For the first quarter of 2023, Mohawk's net sales were $2.8 billion, down approximately 6.9% as reported or 5.9% on a constant basis, and our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $1.75. All of our businesses are adapting our strategies to a more challenging environment. We're managing our costs while investing for both short- and long-term growth. We exceeded our earnings expectations with the businesses maintaining higher pricing and mix and Flooring Rest of World outperforming the other segments.  The commercial channel continues to be stronger than residential with home remodeling projects being postponed and new housing construction being impacted by higher mortgage rates. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we generated over $125 million of free cash flow. We strategically invested in new product innovation, enhanced merchandising in customer trade shows to improve sales. We are continuing to reduce costs across the enterprise by enhancing productivity, streamlining processes and controlling administrative expenses.  Our customers remain conservative in their inventory commitments and all of our operations are running at lower utilization levels, creating higher costs from unabsorbed overhead. We see increased competition as industry capacity utilization and input costs decline. In Europe, natural gas prices have dropped dramatically, though they remain at almost double the historical levels. We expect consumer spending to improve as wages rise, inflation slows and energy costs fall.  Our new product introductions provide more value options for budget conscious consumers. In the U.S. limited supply, high interest rates and persistent inflation have suppressed the housing market. Lower home sales and changing consumer spending habits are impacting their modeling category. We are maximizing our commercial business with new introductions, marketing initiatives and targeted promotions.  And our other geographies, demand is similarly slowing with residential more affected than commercial. Though the Mexican economy faces challenges, our business there is holding up better, while Brazil slowed more with higher interest rates and reductions in consumer inventories.  Our restructuring actions are on track in the Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of World segments and should improve the results of our business. We are limiting our other capital investments to those providing significant sales, margins and process improvements. We're expanding our constrained category that have the greatest growth potential when the economy recovers. These include LVT, premium laminate, quartz countertops, porcelain slabs and insulation products.  We completed 2 acquisitions in ceramic in Brazil and Mexico that had combined sales of approximately $425 million, almost doubling our existing market share in those geographies. We are developing strategies to increase our sales by providing broader product offering and using combined brands to satisfy all price points. In each country, we're beginning to consolidate the businesses to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and optimize production. We also continue to improve the small bolt-on acquisitions in Europe and U.S. that we completed last year.  Despite falling energy prices, natural gas and electricity inflation remained a headwind in the first quarter, though our future results will benefit as lower costs flow through the P&L. Our sustainable strategy includes investments in both production of green energy from biomass, wind and solar, which reduces both our carbon -- our expenses in our carbon footprint. Our 2 biomass energy plants lowered our cost and improved our results in the quarter. We also purchased some of our European energy at various times to reduce future cost volatility. Italian energy subsidies have been extended at reduced levels through the second quarter.  I'll turn the call over to Jim for his review of our financial performance.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our industry is operating in a completely different environment than a year ago. Around the world, Central Banks are raising interest rates to slow their economies and reduce inflation. These actions lower our industry volume as new home sales and residential remodeling are postponed. The commercial sector has remained stronger than residential, though higher interest rates and tighter lending requirements could affect business investments as the year progresses. We're maximizing our sales and distribution by focusing on better performing channels, introducing differentiated products and providing enhanced service and value. We are proactively managing our spending and cost structures to optimize our results. We anticipate that industry volume and pricing will remain under pressure across our markets. We expect seasonal improvement in demand along with reduced energy material costs to improve our future results. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.56 and $2.66, excluding any restructuring, acquisition and other charges.  The industry down -- this industry downturn is unique with employment remaining high, businesses continuing to invest and homes maintaining their valuations. We are conservatively managing the near term, while we invest in the long-term growth through product innovation, capacity expansions and acquisitions. Our strong balance sheet enables us to navigate the current downturn as we prepare for the industry rebound that follows. Longer term, all of our regions require the updating of aging homes and significant new home construction to satisfy market needs. With our strength across regions, markets and products, we anticipate capturing increased opportunities when the recovery occurs in the housing market and the economy.  We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When you go through a cycle, our industry always goes through a similar direction. So going into the cycle, the first thing that slows down is the residential remodeling because the consumers can immediately postpone it and it's followed by the new housing construction and then by the commercial businesses that take longer to execute. When you come out of the cycle, it comes out in the same order for the same reason. So to their remodeling piece should pick up first and do better.  This cycle is not typical of the other cycles. Historically, by this point, employment would be down significantly, and it still remains strong. You have wages are still increasing. We have housing is in short supply and mortgage rates are limiting people to move. These things, combined with aging homes and higher home values, should support more remodeling and commercial projects continue to be initiated. So when you take all this together, we're expecting the rebound on the other side to be stronger and faster than it has in past cycles because we're not under the same compression that we've been in these areas we just discussed.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, there's a third option, too, which includes our expectations and we're having to outguess the future. So we're trying to be conservative about our future guesses and take everything that account. So we turned -- we were a little more conservative than it turned out. There's still continued pressure on pricing and mix. The lower volumes in the industry always drives -- people trying to run their assets, including us, we expect in this environment to continue to have more competition and promotions, but the input costs are going to decline. And with that, we're really expecting as we go through the next quarter or 2 for some of that to get passed through and lower pricing by the industry.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As you said, the visibility is really limited. We're expecting economic growth to still be under pressure as we go through the year. Presently, we're anticipating remodeling being somewhat better. We think the new housing part will be stabilizing, and we're anticipating commercial slowing down somewhat as it -- with the same thing as we've just talked about, we are expecting the price and mix, to continue to be under pressure with plant utilization improving from the first quarter, which was low.  In Europe, most people believe that the demand -- the consumer demand could increase because these high energy costs were such an impact to people. And second is in Europe, the wages are rising at a higher rate than they are in the United States. When you look through the normal seasonality, remember, the third quarter is always affected outside the United States by vacations and then we're assuming the normal seasonal decline as we go through the year.  A little longer term, we expect the recovery when we rebound from it our industry, you postpone purchases, you don't lose them. And so during this time that it's going to be down, we're expecting those to create a significant upturn on the other side as it always does. And in this time, right now, we're investing more in growth investments, which we haven't done in prior cycles, which should put us in a better position we come out and the new acquisitions should also be helping us a year from then.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, the segment was impacted more with the oil and energy costs than the other businesses, which impacted the material costs all through it. We were still -- we raised the inventories, trying to catch up to help people in the first halves of the last year. So we came out with high inventories, and we never anticipated the thing collapsing like it did.  So the -- the pricing is leading the -- the pricing we're going -- we've never recovered the total price at the peak and then the promotions and things are causing the pricing to flow through faster than the material costs are flowing through in the first quarter. We're expecting to see that turn in the second quarter as the margins expand will help. And then in most of the categories, we're expecting the margin -- the cost decreases to help us recover the margin we didn't cover in a lot of the categories in the fall of last year. So the margin should increase as we go through and we're expecting all the businesses to do better in the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First, you have to remember on the comparisons, we came out of '21, the inventories were low. We were having trouble getting materials. We were hitting limitations with employees. So we went into the first quarter of last year with low inventories, and our customers also had low inventories. So we didn't put out as many new products. We didn't spend as much in marketing and merchandising.  And so this year, we're going back to a more normal level. It's always heavier in the first quarter, and then we expect it to come down as we go through the year. We're putting investments in new merchandising and product categories across the businesses, trying to upgrade the product and mix and maximize the opportunities that are here in the environment that we're in.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There is some slight slowing in the category, but it's still doing reasonably well. Hospitality is outperforming the other categories. You have health care and education are still strong. But the cycle, there's other categories that aren't performing as well. We like you are looking at the architectural billing index and we see some weakening in it. So we're assuming that it's going to weaken with lower investments as we enter the second half of the year, but we'll have to see.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Usually, you go into cycles, the multifamily will slow down as well and then people start having to move around as jobs get harder. We haven't seen that here. So what you have is the multifamily. The vacancy rates are still reasonably low. You still have more completions coming in and we're trying to maximize our share in what we think is going to be one of the stronger parts of the business this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the multifamily side, they tend to have lower value products because they're trying to control the cost of the rentals. So we have a broad selection in carpet LVT and laminate that are all going into the category and -- as well as sheet vinyl. And I'm not -- we're not doing much different with the products because we've always had a broad offering to satisfy it. We're just being more aggressive in our selling.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Combination of everything. First is that we did take some inventories down. The second is we expected -- we expect an improvement from seasonal improvements from one or the other, so where there are less shutdowns across the business all over.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It depends whether you're looking sequentially or year-over-year. So last year, you had, it slowed down. So as we go through the year, year-over-year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And overall market is tough as resetting prices with the materials and freight costs moving, there's still a significant inventory in the channels. And then right at the moment, there's this thing we talked about, about the U.S. government stopping some shipments impact on service, and it's really difficult to tell what impact that's going to have on the supply and the marketplace today.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: That's about -- the only thing I can tell you is one of the largest suppliers in the United States, all those products have been stocked. And so the question, what we don't know is how many others are going to be impacted. And then the reverse side is, we don't know what will take to get them released and come back in. So I mean you're really just at the start of it and we're going to have to see what happens with the government.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: How to answer that one? The first is our expectations coming in we had -- we didn't know how much the channel inventories were declined and how much they were going to -- how much more where they were going to decline. And then the other part was pricing and mix, it was a combination of both and it wasn't as depressed as we expected to be.  The pricing and mix is getting more difficult as you have these low volumes. And depending upon which category you're in, as you would suspect, where you have really high capital investments, people try to keep running the investments, and that pushes the prices down. You have more competition and promotions coming on as the input cost decline. And then you have the mismatch between the flow-through of inventory and the pricing that happens to us. So we're trying to estimate all those things at the same time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Most people in Europe are expecting that due to the substantial decline in energy that the consumers have pulled back dramatically because of the cost of heating -- heating their homes and the use of energy over they got so high. They're expecting that the demand is going to improve as we go through the year, and we are, too.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We just thought that the postponement of projects had gotten really significant at this time that people aren't moving as much as they normally do that they might be getting more comfortable with the interest rate. So we just thought it was at a depressed level. And we -- in our things, we're assuming there's going to be some relief as we go through the year, but we'll have to see.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The 1Q -- the question was how much was the inventory and the channel is going to change also? We are assuming at this point that most of the inventory and the channels are aligned around the world, we're expecting that. And then we're expecting the raw material prices to benefit us, but we're expecting that with competition, some of that's going to get passed through. So we're expecting the price/mix to decline as the competition increases with the general economy. .
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What, I guess, multiple parts. One is what you know as well as I do, there's different views on what's going to happen with the economy. One is that the economy is going to slow down and that the Fed is going to start lowering rates at the end of the year, the first of next year and start the improvement in the whole housing cycle. The second says it's going to take longer, and they're going to keep rates up longer. I can't tell you when it's going to occur.  I know that every time that this happens, all these consumers that pull back that don't like the way their houses look, they postponed the purchases. And if you go back historically, the volume increases substantially in the first 2 years coming out of a downturn because of this. We've been in a downturn now for close to 9 months and the rest of the economy hasn't reacted as much. We're in a industry that is really affected by interest rates as people postpone things. So we're looking that when it does occur, that it's going to be greater than normal. We are investing in the categories that are the highest growth categories and constrained growth, and we expect to get benefit out of all those as it comes up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Happy go around the world. I mean Europe was so impacted by energy costs, which they're still double what they were before we started. But if you go back to 5 months ago, they were 10, 12x where we started. So the energy impact on Europe has been dramatic. How to figure that in with the war and what's going on, it's hard to guess.  The other side that's different, we're seeing in Europe, the increase in wages is generally higher than the U.S. There are some countries that we know the wages are going up 10% or more is there. So as the wages increase, it's possible that they have less impact on their consumption. And we're assuming that it's going to get better as we go through this year.  All the other markets, they've all gone through a similar downturn. The interest rates are being raised everywhere. The -- as in every market, the residential fell off substantially in all of them and the commercial is trailing. Some of the areas like Mexico, the economy is held up better. There's things moving in as we have problems with China. So the Mexican market is doing better. The Brazilian market, for instance, turned down later, but it turned down later. And in our marketplace, the last quarter, there's been huge changes in the inventories in the channel as we go through.  So each one is different, but it looks like the whole world is more interconnected and they're more closely aligned than they have been in the past 20, 30 years.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There's pricing pressure in all of them. And as the markets -- again, as the markets slow down, all of us, where we have large capital investments, try to find ways to minimize the unabsorbed overhead. And typically, we pass through the decreases and work on lower margins in prior cycles. So I don't see it be any different this one.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Our imports from China are fairly limited, but it's affecting not only the local producers. They've extended this thing back to the raw materials and some of the surrounding countries use raw materials out of China, and that's also causing the problem with the supply outside of China.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The commercial sales typically fall off later because and it depends on which projects. They can take anywhere from 12 months to 3 years to complete. So all these different projects have started. It tends not to fall off for at least about a year after residential starts falling off. And this one is different because you have really sectors in the commercial business that are still going up like the hospitality pieces. So it's really an unusual environment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. We appreciate all of you joining us. We're navigating the current environment, and we're investing to optimize our results when the economy improves. Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Chris Wellborn: Thank you, Jim. The Global Ceramic segment spans many countries with each having their own unique economic conditions. All of our regions are being impacted by slowing economies and higher interest rates. The commercial channel is strongest and new home construction held up better than residential remodeling as consumers reduce discretionary purchases. In this softening environment, our customers are lowering their inventory levels with significant differences in each region. As industry volumes decline, we are facing additional competitive pressures in our markets. Our pricing has lagged our cost changes, though we are seeing decreases in energy and material expenses, which should benefit our future results.  The U.S. is performing better than our other ceramic markets due to our greater sales in the commercial sector. Our domestic production is more reliable than imported alternatives, which is benefiting our sales, particularly in our premium collections, which compare favorably to European alternatives.  We are shifting our sales force focus to target opportunities in the multifamily and exterior channels and are expanding our commercial and builder distribution with curated collections for immediate delivery. To increase our countertop volume, we are expanding our business with national accounts, contractors and kitchen and bath retailers. We are reengineering our entry-level quartz to countertop to lower our cost and enhance the value. To manage through the slowing environment, we continue to reduce our costs across the business, including overhead and discretionary spending. Our ceramic business in Europe remains under pressure as demand has declined due to ongoing inflation and higher interest rates. We maintained higher average selling prices than we anticipated, partially due to our new introductions. Our overall [Technical Difficulty]. 
Chris Wellborn: Well, I would say, especially those competitors that were producing at the low end -- pricing at the low end, Spain, other places have been under particular pressure with the natural gas. And yes, there have been a few competitors that have fallen out of the market, but we don't have really good visibility on that. None of the major ones have gone out. It would be smaller ones.
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the LVT, we have a broad offerings for both residential and commercial and all price points are rigid and flexible. And our local production is valued for faster, more consistent service. We're improving our operations and differentiating it with features. And our West Coast plant efficiencies will increase over time.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add to that, that the activity in the Daltile service centers has been higher. And the comment would be that the people coming in are very serious about getting projects done.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. So in Q1, our margin expanded from Q4 was seasonal growth. We had fewer shutdowns. We had lower energy and the green production. Our pricing and mix were a little better than we expected. Going forward, we anticipate greater competitive pressures as the input cost decline. And -- but we're implementing selective promotions. We're doing a lot to control our cost and we're also doing some restructuring.
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the ceramic side, we have performed better than our other ceramic markets in the U.S., one due to a greater mix of commercial. Our domestic production has been reliable or is reliable, more than the imported alternatives, and that's helped us. We've developed premium collections that have been used versus Italian imports, and we're increasing our focus on the multifamily exteriors, kitchen and bath channels. And we're also enhancing our commercial and builder markets with curated collections. . Having said that, the imported ceramic prices are decreasing with freight, which has partially been offset by weakening dollar. We do have more of our sales in the mid- to high-segment, which has insulated us a little. But no doubt, it will be under pressure as we go through the year with imports coming down.
