Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. Our fourth quarter adjusted results were as we expected with sales flat to last year, operating income of $205 million or 8.4% of sales and EPS of $2.25. For the year, our sales were $10 billion, adjusted operating income was $938 million or 9.4% of sales and EPS was $10.04. Our cash generation remained strong with operating and free cash flow for the quarter of about $440 million and $300 million. For the year, operating and free cash flow were about $1.4 billion and $870 million. Our leverage is approaching historical lows, which provides us the flexibility to pursue additional opportunities. In the period, we bought back approximately $23 million of stock for a total of $375 million since authorized. We anticipated our business -- as we anticipated, our business remained challenged by soft demand, greater competition and reduced production volume. In the US markets continued to be influenced by the strong dollar and the impact of LVT on other product categories. Consumer confidence remained high and lower US interest rates are positively influencing new and existing home sales. US tariffs on clickable LVT from China were ascended in the fourth quarter and market pricing has declined for these products. Imports of ceramic tile from China dropped off substantially in the fourth quarter and shipments from other countries have not offset, which we believe is due to soft demand and a reduction in US ceramic inventories. Competition has increased in our global markets impacting our pricing and mix as we leverage higher investments in sales and marketing to drive growth. Many countries where we operate are stimulating their economies with lower interest rates to encourage greater consumer spending and economic growth this year. In the near term we still anticipate continued pressure in our markets and product categories. Throughout the period we implemented changes to increase sales and reduce costs. We've enhanced our LVT manufacturing in the US and Europe and realigned our US carpet operations. We have decreased our ceramic production and inventories and are taking out a wood flooring plant in the United States and in Europe. We are reducing the complexity of our operations, improving processes to reduce costs and increasing automation to improve efficiencies. We continue to improve the productivity and volume of our new LVT, US countertop, Russian sheet vinyl and European carpet tile investments. Our acquisitions in Australian and Brazil are installing state-of-the-art equipment that will expand their product portfolios. We are introducing new design and performance innovations to enhance our market position and broaden our customer base. To promote both new and existing products we're making higher levels of sales and marketing investments. For a review of our financial performance during the period, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. Market conditions remain challenging across most of our businesses and geographies. In response, we are adjusting our business strategies, enhancing our product offering and restructuring operations and are increasing our investments in sales and marketing, expanding our commercial participation and enhancing both our premium and value collections. We are bringing new products innovations and categories to the market that will broaden our distribution in the new channels and geographies. Our new LVT countertop, sheet vinyl and carpet tile plants are improving their productivity as we invest to expand our customer base and sales volume. Our LVT manufacturing capacity grows with higher speeds and efficiency. We are enhancing designs and features and increasing sales of our rigid and flexible offering. We are limiting the traditional inventory build that we typically do in the first quarter as we manage our production with market demand. Taking all this into account our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2020 is $1.90 to $2.00 excluding any one-time charges. LVT growth, exchange rate and excess global capacity continue as headwinds for our business. We are executing specific initiatives to adapt to shifting consumer preferences, changing markets and competitive pressure. For the full year of 2020, we expect that our actions to increase sales and distribution, reduce costs and enhance utilization of our new plants will deliver improved results year-over-year with performance accelerating during the second half of the year. Our balance sheet should continue to improve with ongoing cash generation and we remain focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In Europe, we have three lines. the two old ones are operating as we expect and are doing well. The third one is not at the level we would like it to, but it's improving and we expect it to be profitable as we go through the year as well as the US line.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The buybacks, we have $125 million left. We'll continue buying against it and we'll evaluate it when we use it up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, I appreciate you like more detailed information, but we give quarter guidance and we give you a direction, but we don't detail the rest of it and we're not going to do it now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Like we said, Mike, really we finished the carpet restructuring largely in the back half of 2019 and due to the timing of implementation and the inventory flow through of the costs we're talking about a full run rate impact in the third quarter. Yeah, there is a slow ramp-up, but the full impact that's meaningful will be closer to the start of the third quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's offsetting the inventories. We have high inventories that you have with long supply chains. And so the majority of it's going to offset the price decreases that we've already implemented and as the inventory flows through they match up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is not -- there is not -- there is a large -- since we raised the inventory prior to the tariffs, the inventory that -- most of the inventory we sold in the year came from old pieces and we still have large inventories of what we've been purchasing through the period as it -- and so it's offsetting that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And the products we're buying have gone down too. So the new prices are in line with the -- new selling prices and costs are aligned.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are no details of that available today. Our expectation -- our guess is that LVT has approximately about a $3.5 billion part of the industry. It's growing. We think that the growth rate is slowing as the base gets bigger as we go through. It's impacting the growth rate of the other products within it as you go through. So I'm not sure we have the details that you're looking for.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Price mix slipped by $4 million and overall productivity and lower startups costs offset that. That was $6 million.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So a little more comment on the SG&A. In the US, we're expanding the commercial sales forces, we're building markets for quartz countertops, roofing and LVT. In Europe, we're developing a new commercial sales organization to sell LVT, vinyl and carpet tile. We've invested in regional distributors, which we purchased our distribution and different pieces, which all the costs going into SG&A was offset by higher sales and margins. And Russia, we've talked about increasing stores. So there's a lot of activities of which those are only some of.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean the markets -- we're investing to expand the areas which we think we can expand and we'll monitor as we go through the year and we also have all the new product categories and new -- the new businesses. You have to put the sales people in before you get the sales for them and the marketing monies.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The information is less than perfect at this point. They go on holiday for the new year, then the people come back. So the people are not coming back at the rate they would normally come back. There are -- some operations have started, some are in partial things and some haven't started at all. And the question is how is all that going to line up and when they're going to start. Nobody has a clear view of what it's going to be. Given we have inventories in line, we can last a while before it has any impact on the business and we're having monitor it to see what's going to happen. In our business we do buy products from other countries and we manufacture ourselves. So it has less impact on us than the rest of the industry, but the whole industry has the potential of a slower service depending upon what happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The raw material prices in general, mostly the oil-related products, have come down. At the same time there is more aggressive pricing in the marketplace and we're assuming that the market prices are going to continue to reflect the decreases, mostly in the commodity categories and we're going to continue to participate in aggressive manner. We'll have to see how competition reacts. In some of the other places we had -- in Europe for instance, we had prices on our insulation boards come down dramatically, but so have the prices of the products in each. So we're assuming, given the excess capacities in the world today, that the changes will be reflected in market prices.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the second half we're expecting to see some benefits from the actions we're taking and we will keep re-evaluating them and depending upon how the markets change we will continue to adjust.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're expecting to see most -- more of the benefits about in the third quarter in the second half, we keep saying.
Jeff Lorberbaum: On the cost side, we're expecting the restructuring pieces we've done to benefit at the same time, the increased volume through the new plants should reduce the cost and help the margins in those also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Keith, we don't know -- we don't have the data to see the inventory exactly. What we know is that the imports, which is a huge piece of the market came down 17% in the quarter and the imports from China dropped off altogether. So we expect that it's a combination of inventories in this channel coming down and softness in the market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: All we can really see is the amount of inventory coming in to the country. But we don't have a sense yet exactly the size of the inventory in the channel.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, what we believe is that as you got into 2019 and when the tariffs were announced on the Chinese product prior to those going to effect there was, we believe, a significant increase in pre-buys related to that. In addition, as they replace the Chinese inventory with other countries, you had a combination of Chinese inventories in the system plus new products that they were purchasing to replace it which elevated those inventories and sort of, we believe, gave a sort of a thoughts view of how much the industry was growing. We don't know exactly last year, but we think it probably declined 3% to 5% -- would be, but it's just a guess.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The new plants are they -- the different pieces. We have LVT which is still ramping up that will ramp up all through this year. We have the Russian sheet vinyl plant, which is running -- it's positively helping the business now, but it still has -- it's only used about 30% of the capacity as we push it into the marketplace. We have the carpet tile business, which we're developing an entire commercial sales organization, which is also going to sell vinyl and LVT in Europe. So it's ramping up. It takes a while to develop the customers and pieces. We put in a new capacity in Brazil to put in higher end products. We have capacity in Eastern Europe to make low-end ceramic, which expands our market there, is ramping up. We have the quartz plant in the United States that's running about three shifts today, but it's building inventory and also pushing it in. Over time that would go to four shifts and the productivity and inventories -- the productivity and throughput will go up. And all of them we have to get the mix aligned because you start out selling more lower-quality products to get more volume through the plants and it's going to take time to develop those as we go through. So they're all working through they system at different rates.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean part of it's already on. So what's happening is, some of the upside is getting offset by decreases in our legacy businesses. So the legacy businesses have declines and it's offsetting some of the gains in the new pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that's close to what we said. We said that right now it's difficult to say how fast it's going to come up that there are huge inventories in the chain over different times that it depends on each piece. So typically there is anywhere from four to seven months of inventory through the channels and the stuff coming through, and in that you have some that have low parts and some that have high parts across the industry. So depending upon what it is and each piece and how fast the part comes up, it depends on the time. There could be people on the channel with less than that and they could be impacted with a few weeks' worth of delays. The non-Chinese production and the surrounding countries, some of it or a significant part of it also uses inputs coming out of China. So if the inputs don't come up, it could affect those also. So at this point, it's really difficult to know what's going to happen and the impact. It depends on the inventory levels of any individual SKUs at this point. As most people when they buy from there, there is the Chinese New Year where they shut down. So you have the product that was bought in anticipation of that still flowing across the water coming in. And so it still comes back to how fast it's going to pick up and what's the timing of the new production is going to -- production coming up and nobody has any idea.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think when it's fully optimized that we'll be able to compete with the world marketplaces. At the same time our goal isn't to sell all commodity product. Our goal is to sell value-added products that have a higher average mix which will help -- which will allow us to meet the return goals that we have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: While reacting to the market conditions, we see excess capacities in the market continuing and we'll have to continue to react to competition in the marketplaces as they evolve. There are a lot of indicators that many of the markets around the world are expecting the economies to get better and improve. We have a lot of -- a lot going on to increase the utilization of our new plants, which we think will help the second half as the throughputs go up, which will allow the cost to come down and also the mix to improve over time. We think we're doing the right things to react to the market and invest in the categories to increase our business level during these times. We appreciate you taking your time and listening to us. Have a nice day.
Glenn Landau: Let me speak to the first part of that and I'll just say that we had a great cash flow year and we expect cash flow to remain strong into next year and the ability to improve our balance sheet is apparent.
Glenn Landau: It's in our guidance, it's spread over three quarters. And like I said and like Jeff saying it's largely offset by the inventory value on hand.
Glenn Landau: Well, 2020 will be higher due to the full-year impact of our investments. We do expect higher sales in the second half. That's the target of these investments. We will evaluate as we go through the year and we'll adjust if necessary depending on the sales.
Glenn Landau: I think we stated broadly, we expect 2020 to improve over this year, our overall results back-end weighted to the second half and that's broad based. It's based on our initiatives and the pass-through of the costs. So SG&A is a function of that and ultimately the trend should continue.
Glenn Landau: Again, we've talked about that several times in ceramic and that's really overseas. That is largely some raw material, but energy costs that are driven by the Eastern European facilities and fixed government pricing.
Glenn Landau: Well, again, what we said is that's the total rebate which will be largely offset by inventory and lower pricing. So, again, it's immaterial, but it's in the guidance.
