Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review the Safe Harbor statement and, later, the financial results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, as you saw in the first quarter, we started out with multiple things happening. We started with the weather in January, which impacted the start of the quarter. We had multiple price increases across many of the different pieces. We also had in a piece -- as we go through, there was de-mixing in the different product categories, as customers tried to switch from the higher-cost  products to some of the lower-cost  products. We had the biggest impact of this in the Mohawk segment, where you're seeing polyester impact the higher-value  -- higher-cost  nylon products. With all of this, we see -- the second quarter sales, we expect to be up. We expect it to be up both in dollars and units and  all of these is included in our estimates as we're guessing out into the second quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think that we could actually tell the pieces. There's a lot of price increases were in the first quarter, but there is some lagging over into the second, so I can't give you a good estimate. But we think that we're going to be positive going forward for the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: To start out with -- let me start, and then he can give a little more detail. The inventories in the first quarter were up about $70 million. We think about 70% of that came from inflation and FX. On purpose, we increased some of our inventories with the higher raw material costs, and as we go through the second quarter, we expect the inventories to turn and get back more in line with where we'd like them to be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes.  Well, we're looking at additional acquisitions. We think we're well-positioned to consider other ones. As we look forward, we think there are a number of potential acquisitions in North America that would fit our direction and position. In addition, we continue to look at high-growth areas around the world. We have basis already in several countries to either expand the product categories we're in or add to them, and we're also looking at other high-growth markets. So I would expect that over the next couple of years, you will see us active.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean there would just be -- it's just, we're represented in all the categories. There would just be tie-on acquisitions within the various pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The modular tile was growing dramatically. Last year, we went into the year and we had to make some changes in both our Mohawk business. We've put in more products in polyester to react to the market changes, but still we didn't anticipate it to move it as fast as it did, but because of the increasing  material costs, it moved faster than we anticipated. So we made moves coming in to the second half with it. We also made other moves in our commercial carpet tile business to increase it. The commercial carpet tile business is growing in the teens at this point, but we're seeing some shrinkage in our broadloom business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Historically, our margins get squeezed as we do price increases, because we get hit with the cost increases before we can get the increases  fully implemented so, historically, we'd lose some margin for a period of time. On the other hand, the industry has shown that it can pass them through, and when our margins get impacted by the raw material costs, we have to pass them through and we've done so in the past.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we always try to find ways to add more value and sell higher value products. In a rising market, you almost have -- our products are driven by a retailer assisting a consumer in purchasing the          product. And it tend to be the retailers are afraid of the value they create, and they tend to push the consumers down, thinking that holding price is a value-added proposition for them. So we have this compression that goes on through the whole stream. In the carpet side of the business, you have a phenomenon going on that as the raw materials for nylon increase, that the consumers are being sold lower-cost products, but they also have a different value proposition. So that whole trend is offsetting some of the top line growth that would normally show up with the revenue increases.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean our goal is to plus -- fully participate in all the various marketplaces. The Home Center channels has a significant portion of each of the different categories. We need to participate in all those markets, and we're doing everything we can. In each of these segments, we try to bring added value as well as supply, based on price and service. And we think that we have resources to do that. I think that it's going to help our business long term, and we like all the business we can get.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have the offset from the second price increase, which won't be fully implemented, but the costs are fully being taken. But we -- that one won't be fully implemented through the peak, which will benefit the third quarter a little bit.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the actions we took last fall, that we did not aggressively move into the polyester business as fast as we could -- we didn't see it changing as fast because we didn't anticipate the changes in the product costs as much as they were. So I think what's happened is as we've come into the first quarter -- if we compare the first quarter to the fourth quarter, we're improving our position within the marketplace, but I think that the different steps we've took, we're getting benefit from in going forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay, whether we mean in [ph] -- we also have another category, which we have unique to ourselves, which is what we call our SmartStrand products. And they're made out of a fiber, which we are the only person, the only company selling it presently in anything. And we're actually creating a unique product category with unique advantages, and it continues to grow also. So we have 3 methods of participating.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are but we can't -- that's a part of our fundamental structure of doing it. We'll continue to invest in capital investments, as well as process changes to improve our cost structures as we go through. We're continuing to redesign the business so that we can take costs out in each of the businesses. Every business starts out the year with goals of cost takeouts across the business to improve productivity and cost structures. And, I mean, they drive those throughout the entire year in all businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, I'm -- I don't have the total number in front of me. I mean the impact's  huge, it's a -- I mean hundreds of millions of dollars between  the cost of the different pieces in this. So we've had to change the business from the products and pass increases through to get these things through across all the different segments and categories. The prices -- in most cases, we will feel the ups and downs, because we're basically buying at market prices or contract prices, but we feel the increases almost immediately from the time they go through. From the oil piece, they do go up and down based on oil, but there's another phenomenon that's involved which is, as we went through the recession, the worldwide market for chemicals, nobody put the investments in. So as you have the world marketplace growing, that many of the chemicals produced in the U.S. are being shipped overseas. The impact of the exchange rates or the weaker dollar are making them higher-value  to ship overseas, so not only do you have on one side of the oil prices  affecting it, you have the high demand for limited resources, and they don't all -- one plus one won't equal 2.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't give out specific pieces for each category of product. We blend those together. The assumptions are that the volume's  going to improve as well as the pricing. There'll be some mix deterioration going on through the piece as we downgrade the cost product, again, from the nylon to the PET mixes  as we change, and we would blend all that together. We will give you all the details, but I can tell you, when we get through, none of our assumptions will come out right. But the only thing that happens is we hope to get the average of all the mixes  about in the middle.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure your assumptions are exactly right. We've participate at all the different price points today. We're not a lot different than the average of the industry. I guess we tend to talk about the lower-weight because we have the higher ones established prior to now. Our missteps  from a year or so ago, that did impact our strategy. We're building back the confidence in the products. We have taken care of all the problems that occurred, and we think we're well positioned. Again, we're growing in the teens already, about like in the high teens we're growing already. What's happening to us is that the broadloom business, as the marketplace is moving  up, we're not -- we're offsetting some of the growth we have with the loss of broadloom business, which is typical of the industry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We really participate in our commercial business across every category that's out there. I would guess in the hospitality business, we have some unique things because of  Durkan print businesses. We have some unique positions within it. But all the rest of markets we are participating in and  have significant shares in all of them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, all the different markets are all unique. I think that the ceramic business has been compressed significantly over the time. I think what happens is you have different kinds of adjustments during different parts of the years and timing, so that in the ceramic side of the business that -- since a lot of it is imported, you have major swings in inventory and it  can affect years significantly as the imports go  up and down, changing those inventory levels. We believe that we continue to have -- maintain and grow our market share within it. We continue to aggressively participate in all the different aspects of it. We continue to innovate in products. We keep talking about Reveal Imaging, which is a printing technology which we're leading the country in and the business here, which is allowing us to get better looks in the marketplace, and improve our positions within the marketplace.  When you talk about the laminates business, our strategy is to participate in the entire market with limited participation in the opening price point, which is the lowest value-add in the market. And since we spend so much effort in creating differentiated looks -- the players that do that  are the ones that have  limited technology and differentiation. So as you look into that business, we participate -- we can participate. It depends on the share growth of the different qualities of  merchandise in the laminate business, is it. I think we're well-positioned where we are. We don't want to be the commodity producer in the marketplace, because we bring much more to the marketplace than price.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Because of -- the positioning in the marketplace is not as volatile, up or down, so as it compresses, ours doesn't go down as much. On the other hand, when it starts moving back up, ours probably doesn't move up as much, because we didn't move it down as much to begin with.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The ones that we've initiated in the second quarter -- in the first quarter will be fully implemented. We have increases being put in into the second quarter and then depending upon the timing of when they go in.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The European laminate was increased in the first quarter, with the roofings be going up in the second quarter, and some other board prices  going up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: When we talked about -- remember that a major part of the increase, 70% of the increase came from raw material inflation or FX changes. We're only talking about $15 million, $20 million across the whole business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I think that last year, as we kept saying, we lost some share in the first 3 quarters or so of the year, and I think if you look at it on a sequential basis, we're doing as well as the industry, which would be as you move from fourth quarter to first quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to go breakdown each of the comps from each of the quarters  when the changes occur.  That's how you do it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the mix question is more related to price points and commoditization of the product. And it doesn't matter which raw material base you're using. The more commoditized it is, the lower the margin and the more differentiated it is, the higher the margin. So if you stay in similar things, they stay similar. If you move between them, they change.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's a different material according to the government. Second is that we started out with Triexta positioned as the premium product in the marketplace with differentiated features and values. So on average, we've had a higher mix in it due to the market positioning and product position. What we've said now is we're introducing it in some new categories to compete with the other product. So we're putting it in the multi-family product category as we speak. We're getting ready to put some in the commercial product categories, and these things, we'll put it in lower price points and we'll lower the margins more in line with more commoditized products.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The mix in laminate Europe, I guess, will be that the mixes  there has declined, and what's happened is there's so much pressure on the commodity pieces, it has pulled down some of the premium pieces as well from a pricing standpoint.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The primary use is for the Mexican marketplace. The location is set in order to be where the majority of the people are in Mexico City to reduce freight costs. In the interim period, we'll take some of the capacity that we'll have in the north and shift it to the southern plant, which will open up some capacity for the North American marketplace, but the goal will be not to ship it out of that plant due to its geographic location if possible.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can tell you over a period of years, we've talked to a lot of people in marketplaces and we continue to talk to them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure. I don't have those with us. Just as some comments. As in the United States where we've taken corn and used it for energy, and we have changed the supply and demand nature for corn in this country, in Europe, the government has been subsidizing the burning of wood, so what you'll have is the energy use, which is subsidized, competing with the non-energy uses such as boards and material. And those things combined have been driving the material prices up in an environment where they should be going down because of the supply and demand of wood products in the marketplace. With that, there's also the -- as we went through the recession, wood is taken out of the forest and the infrastructure taking out of the forest declined, so all these things created significant pressure as the economy started improving. As we said in some of the comments, I believe, is that between last year and this year, some of our board product we've increased 25% to 30% over the past 12 months, which is a reflection of those increases. And the numbers are so large you can imagine they're impacting our costs.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you want to call Frank back, he'll get you a more specific on the exact wood prices in the marketplace, but...
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, I think what it is, is that -- each of the individual businesses, our goal is to increase our returns and reduce our working capital by improving our processes and procedures everywhere, and planning strategies. And in doing so, as you manage it, can you give the same or higher levels of service with better utilization of the inventories? Now offsetting that is balancing the plants out, given individual periods, offsetting -- if, again, with rising raw materials where you tend to increase prices,  increase inventories as raw materials are assumed to increase in the future, and balancing all that as we go through. Our goal is every year to improve our inventory turns and our use of working capital from the prior year. On average, throughout the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. It looks like that we've passed the bottom of this. We are anticipating improving over the next year or 2. We think we have a lot of strategic opportunities, as well as maximizing our existing core businesses, and we're working hard to create the most value for our shareholders as we can. Have a good day.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank H. Boykin: If you look at our total business, Dennis, the volumes were down probably about 2% for the whole quarter. But Jeff's point was that it trended differently from the beginning of the quarter to the end. The Mohawk segment was down the most and, actually, the other 2 segments were up in volume.
Frank H. Boykin: And then, I think, Dennis, by the time we get busy through the year to the end of the year, we'll see an improvement overall in working capital, as it'll continue to trend down and we'll improve the position.
Frank H. Boykin: I think when we look at our margins year-over-year, Dennis -- or I'm sorry, Mike, we're expecting the margins to improve from 2010 to 2011.
Frank H. Boykin: I'm not speaking to individual quarters, I'm just speaking to the full year. We're seeing an improvement year-over-year for the full year.
Frank H. Boykin: Probably  the best way to handle that, Jamie, is that you and I talk offline after the calls. I don't have that number here in front of me.
Frank H. Boykin: I think you have to look at it, again, on a full-year basis and our expectation is, for the full year, that the Mohawk margins are going to be up this year versus where they were in 2010. Traditionally, historically, the margins have always been lower in the first quarter and, generally, have been higher in the fourth quarter just because of timing of certain expenses.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, the plan is, and this -- it all depends on what happens with raw material inflation, but the plan is basically to improve our terms.
Frank H. Boykin: That's a good question. I'm not sure I've got that in front of me here, and I don't know if you [indiscernible].
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have that in front of me right now, Sam. So rather than just venturing a guess, if you could call me back afterward,  I can give those to you.
Frank H. Boykin: First, it's hard to pull off -- pull out mix and price and separate them. But basically, I think what we've been saying is mix has been going down as prices have been going up.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. The tax rate is driven by  distribution of earnings between the U.S. and other countries. We have tax strategies in place outside of the U.S. that give us a lower overall effective rate. So as the income distribution changes back-and-forth, we see our tax rate impacted by that. And then on the interest improvement year-over-year, that's being driven by a reduction in principal, where we've paid down the 2011 bonds that we had a year ago, and then also, as I mentioned earlier, we renegotiated the rates on our bank facility 6 or 8 months ago, and that's also favorably impacted our interest.
