Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Today Mohawk is in the best position in the Company’s history. Mohawk delivered record results in 2016 as our investment strategy to enhance our product innovation, brands, and service continue to benefit our customers and provide the returns we expected. We remain optimistic about 2017 and we made greater internal investments than any time in our history to expand capacity and enter new markets. I would like to clarify the earnings release from last night which has caused some confusion. Excluding acquisitions and intellectual property, our 2017 sales will grow similarly to last year. Including the expected intellectual property decline in 2017, our operating margin for the year will increase slightly. This increase in operating margin includes the impact of $105 million to $110 million of incremental startup expenses and the reduction in intellectual property income. Across the enterprise we are making investments to increase our sales growth. Our ceramic manufacturing is being expanded in all markets. We are broadening our countertop sales in the U.S. and Europe. We are significantly increasing our LVT capacity in the U.S. and Europe and introducing rigid LVT products. We’ve entered the outdoor rug and utility mat business and we’ll produce carpet tile in Europe. We are expanding laminate production in the U.S., Europe, and Russia. We are adding engineered wood capacity in the U.S. and constructing a sheet vinyl plant in Russia. Some of these projects will require several years to fully develop our distribution and optimize our efficiencies. Over a five-year period, these internal expansions typically provide a greater return on investment than the acquisitions we execute. In January, we entered into an agreement to acquire a ceramic company in Italy located near our existing facilities. It is expected to close in the second quarter and will expand our presence in the European market. The business had 2016 sales of approximately $160 million and an EBITDA margin of about 19%. Product sales and manufacturing synergies will enhance our cost position and strengthen our combined brand and distribution. We believe there is further opportunity consolidate the European ceramic market and grow our market position. Even with the considerable investments we have made since 2013, our financial leverage is historically low at 1.4 times EBITDA. We believe there are potential acquisitions in our current market and product categories, as well as opportunities in new geographies and complementary products. As we increase the international scope of our business, volatility and foreign exchange markets could impact the translation of our future results. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2017 is $2.64 to $2.73. This represents an 11% to 15% increase over our first quarter 2016. Mohawk’s organization creates an environment that allows us to respond rapidly to market changes and execute multiple investments at the same time. Presently, about 70% of our business is in the United States, where one out of every four flooring purchases is a Mohawk product. This year we are investing more than any time in our history to internally grow our business with much of the benefit coming in future years. Today our organization and balance sheet can support significant additional investments to expand our business and enhance shareholder value. We will now be glad to take any questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, it all starts with the growth rate which you started out with of the business, which is going to help the top line. We have a huge number of new projects; at the same time we’re going to get some incremental improvements in all our businesses from the $670 million we invested last year. It will start giving us more productivity, as well as improving the top line, as well as giving us some product differentiation and other features to help. All of these things combined are helping us overcome the $100 million to $110 million of operating income that we are losing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT is progressing as we had anticipated two years ago as we starting to getting ready to get in this stuff. As you put – as the market matures you expect it to get more competitive – and it is – and the pricing are getting more competitive, as expected. And while that’s going on, our manufacturing costs are improving as we do it. At the same time, we are putting in strategies to improve our plant and what we do and bring more product innovation to the marketplace. The rigid product has been in the market for a while and it has ended up at the premium end of the marketplace. The biggest reason for it is the rigid product will cover up more subfloor irregularities. So you don’t have to fix the floors underneath as well, but you have to pay a premium for it. Presently, we are introducing those products as sourced products in the marketplace, along with everybody else. And when we get more capacity at the end of this year going into next year, we will be able to produce that and bring more product innovation and use our brands in marketing and distribution to optimize our position in it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s going to take most of this year to get the plant up and operating, so it will be next year. We are introducing products into the marketplace out of the United States; shipping over there, paving the way for it. We are putting in salespeople in Europe to sell it, but one of the reasons for doing it now, with the sheet vinyl we have going into the commercial, we have LVT that can go into commercial, the carpet tile now fits into a broader strategy of becoming a much bigger commercial player in the European market as we go through. We also think that we can bring to the marketplace in carpet tile technology, fiber, and innovation that we think we have in the United States that we can bring over there. And we think that we can offer new options and choices to the marketplace. In addition, the management team that we got in IVC, there is knowledge from prior days of running in both the business in Europe in the carpet business. So we have a management team that knows, that understands the local marketplace and we’re going to supplement it by adding people as well as from our U.S. knowledge, so we think we are well-positioned to get into it. It will take a while to push the distribution, because when you get into more specified parts of the marketplace it takes a while to develop the relationships and people. We think it’s a good thing to do. In addition, just as a directional strategy, we think, like this, there are more places where we can bring in knowledge and technology in greenfield plants and put them in like we said before in sheet vinyl. And we are looking for other opportunities to do that on a continuous basis.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s hard to talk about Europe as one thing, but I will attempt it. It feels a little better in general. The GDP is increasing a little more. It feels better and we see some opportunities of it improving, but again you have to take each region by where it is. On the other side, Russia has been in a huge recession for about two years now I think, could be more, and we believe it’s hitting a bottom. The GDP looks like it’s going to be flat and start turning up by most people’s estimates. In that environment, we have a significant position in ceramic and in laminate with our manufacturing base there. All of those businesses are sold up completely. We are putting expansions in both this year in order – as the marketplace turns up, which it will, we have to have more capacity to participate in it and we are in a stronger position coming out of the recession than we were going in.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We started out using the best knowledge we had in the fourth quarter deciding what it would take to cover the raw materials. We put in a 3% to 5% increase, which is going in now. There is increases that look like they are going up more. We are not sure if they are temporary or permanent. We will have to evaluate what is going to happen and if we need more price increases we will announce them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as an instance of that in my review to begin with, we are taking an entire plant that makes high-end commercial through-body tile in Europe and we are shutting it down to replace all the equipment in the first quarter. So all those costs are going to show up in the first quarter; as we start it up, it’s going to hit the second quarter. All these investments are going to come through at different times and the costs are going to be there as we come out of it. The best returns we get on anything we do are these investments when they come up and work as we expect, but they’re different than acquisitions. You’re not paying for the people and the existing cash flows that are in the business, so it gives us the best returns of anything we can do. However, you do have these startup costs at the front end, which are negative. But if you look at it over a five-year period, which is once they get up and operating, it’s a really much better investment. Looking forward to next year, some of this stuff will still have startup costs going into next year because, as you heard, there’s a lot of it that won’t be coming up until late in the year. And so there will be more coming into next year. The question next year is the total cost of this $45 million. Now next year depends on our perception of the marketplace and do we keep putting more in. If we stopped all of it, the $45 million would disappear, but I’m hoping to keep growing more.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would have to be a soothsayer to give that one. We are raising prices where we have seen it. There’s raw material inflation, there’s labor inflation, there’s currency changes between things moving between different currencies and we’re doing the right things to cover it. We just have to adjust as it changes and we will see how it goes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me say that some of the pricing differences in the North American market [indiscernible] others. There’s channel mix that changes and right now the new construction builder markets are increasing faster than the remodeling, which tends to have higher margins and more differentiation in them. So the channel mix is impacting it. From our standpoint though, I have to tell you, we are in line with where we thought we would be. We continue to bring out new product and innovation, and we continue to find ways to improve our costs. We’re bringing up new plants, the new plant in Tennessee. I mean we put up a brand-new plant in a new geography with nobody who knew anything and it’s up and running. And we think in less than six months from zero, we will be operating almost at the same efficiency level as plants we’ve had for 20 years. So I mean we are really doing a lot of good things in it. We are investing in everywhere we are to put in new capacity and we think we are going along as we would like.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, there’s so many parts and pieces it’s really hard because each one is different and different – you have the geographies, which the U.S. economy is doing the best of all of them. In Mexico, the Mexican ceramic flooring business has been growing dramatically the last two or three years so it’s actually been growing at a higher rate than the rest of the world. Each of the product categories you have – so LVT in all marketplaces is in the infancy and is growing. It’s probably, if I had to guess, in about the third or fourth inning of what’s going on. So we expect to see multiple years going ahead and we’ve been investing heavily. When we get through putting in all the capacity that we have going on and get it operating, we will have over $1 billion of capacity in LVT in what we believe to be the most modern and the largest plants in the world as we go through. So we are well-positioned in the new product category within it. In ceramic, we have been limited by most of the marketplaces. We are selling almost all the capacity, so most of the improvements are coming through improvements in pieces, but also putting in new capacity. We continue to try to drive up the style and design and differentiation in all the product categories and we think that we are – in each of the categories we are bringing a lot of innovation to all the markets, which is helping us. We’re in good position everywhere we are. The really – the most – from a business position, being at the size we are at, is growing at the rates I’m trying to grow the earnings over time, which is really forcing me to continue to look for these opportunities and finance all of these new things we’re doing internally, as well as continue to look for new acquisitions that meet our long-term goals. We are staying disciplined and there’s always new opportunities and we want to use the money to optimize the long-term profitability and shareholder return. We think we’re doing the right things for the right reason and we’re not going to let the money drive our decisions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First of all, the business is focused on the mid to higher segments of the marketplace, similar to ours. The location of the business is like an almost across the street, so there’s a lot of opportunities to utilize the knowledge between the businesses as we go through. Their distribution is much more limited than ours and their product offering is much more limited than ours. We think that we can improve both and give them a broader product line and increase the distribution of it through the marketplace. They have relationships that we don’t have, which will allow us to push products into those groups that we haven’t done before. We think that there is opportunities to utilize the assets over time and reduce the complexity of individual assets across the business by specializing them more, making them part of a bigger piece as we go through. Every acquisition that we buy we learn something from. They have good style and design in the business. We think we can add their capabilities to ours and improve it. And like everything else, we are prepared to invest in their assets and their business to improve it. So it’s the same thing we’ve done about, I think, 35 times and we’re going to do it another 35 times.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. I think that our growth rate is probably close to 4% for this year, but I’m not sure exactly – 3% to 4% we think, for the market is it. Listen, I mean I don’t know anybody in the industry that’s investing like we are. And we are investing in product – in equipment to increase the piece. We are investing in ways of differentiating the products. We are investing in differentiation and new products. We are investing in sales and marketing to help our customers sell them through better. We have an infrastructure second to none and I think that all that’s helping us. At the same time, there are growth areas and growth areas like LVT. We put money in to grow our LVT business and the acquisition that we bought a couple years ago put us in a different spot that everybody else. And then we are investing in it at really high rates to expand everything. In the U.S. and Europe we are building new plants. We’re putting a new sheet vinyl plant in Russia; just using that as a foundation to step off of. So I don’t believe there is a more aggressive company. I don’t believe that any other companies have the organization and infrastructure that we have to drive it. It’s basically repeating the same thing – we’ve learned the lessons over the last 20 years – and driving it. Then the balance sheet we have to allow us to do that at the costs we are doing; our average interest costs today are somewhere around 1.5%. So not only do we have the ability to get it, we have low cost of credit which are also helping us. I wouldn’t trade my position with anybody in the world today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, everything is a risk. But when you look at it, if there are tariffs on imports, we primarily manufacture our U.S. products in the United States and we have the largest capacity in all the categories of anybody. So if it’s going to be advantaged to being a local producer, we are in a position to take advantage of it better than anybody else. We have the capability of expanding our businesses and capacity, if it makes sense; if the market changes and imports are less advantageous to be here. And we have the people in order to execute it. So if it’s advantageous to do more here, we are first in line to do it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The increase in labor – presently labor rates is somewhere approximately 3% a year and I don’t know whether it’s going to increase or not. It was a little less during the downturn, but it has remained somewhere around there. As labor gets tighter, you have more turnover in the workforce so there’s more training costs and things going in. We think that we have built the organization so we become one of the preferred people that – companies that people want to work for as we go through. On the other hand, we are investing in automation every place that we can find it to minimize the requirement for labor as we go through. And we think we are well-positioned to handle whatever comes up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The incremental piece will be the difference between that and the $45 million. The $45 million is not an exact number, gentlemen. There’s a huge number of variables and pieces, but it’s our best guess and some of that is being spent on increasing the sales and marketing to drive the volume to fill up those plants. All that expense comes in front of the sales and revenues.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We use different raw materials; there’s different influences in them. The higher-end raw materials, the higher-end products tend to have more up-and-down related to oil. In ours we are using recycled soda bottles in the polyester pieces on the other and so – but even with that, when the alternatives go up and down, the bottles tend to follow the prices up and down. So even though they are not directly, it’s got to do with the relationships between them. But in addition to oil, there’s also gas and then you also have the intermediate capacity between it is as much influence in the short term. So you get tightness of capacity in some of the chemical processes and the prices can go up dramatically. But then the question is how long they stay or not is dependent upon the supply and demand of it and we have to manage within those things.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don’t break it out those details, but there is a mix change and there is the move to polyester. And then you still have left – you still have the industry passed through the declining raw materials during last year and so as the materials declined, the average prices in the industry went down, which lowered the average prices, which also necessitating the increase in prices that we are doing now. If we were smarter, we wouldn’t have done that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are starting right now introducing carpet tile manufactured in the United States and selling it over there in order to get prepared for the plant being up and running maybe the end of this year, so for next year. Then switching those sales into locally produced products.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You start out with first you have to assume there’s some excess capacity in what I have, so that’s in addition to it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Then you have to add that. And then the question is how long does it take to fill it up? My goal is to fill it up as soon as possible and we will have to see how long it takes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Then one more, you’re also assuming that it stops. You’re taking it and saying this is all we are going to do. If the industry and the world looks good, we’re going to keep adding more capacity going forward. So it’s not the end, it’s just the intermediate step.
Jeff Lorberbaum: That depends how much growth we can create and how many ideas we can come up with and how much the market will allow us to sustain. And then it’s also going to be dependent on what alternatives we find for acquisitions and how those work.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Remember in our commercial business you also have – LVT is also being sold in commercial, so that’s helping. My ceramic business is there, so I think we’re doing better than the market is on an average. At the same time, we’ve been driving carpet innovation in carpet tiles. Our carpet tile we think we are doing better than everyone else. Listen, my goal isn’t to do what everyone else does.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, the reason we are giving you as much information – given the drop off in IP, we are really giving you a much more forward view than we have and I think people look at the productivity and they say that was last year and it’s going to go down. What you’re telling you is all these investments in equipment, process innovation, and methodology our expectation is for next year to continue up. I mean these are high rates that we are doing and we think they’re going to continue this year, even better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s a small percentage. Basically, what’s coming from Mexico is we are sending some ceramic from Mexico into the United States. As our Mexican business has grown, we have used the capacity down in Mexico. The new plant that came up in the United States that provided more supply here and we’ve even put more of it down there, so it’s getting to be a smaller and smaller portion as we go through. The Mexican market has been growing rapidly, so it’s a limited portion of the whole business. Now just to remind you, almost 50% of the U.S. ceramic comes from somewhere else in the world. We have, by far, the most capacity in the United States. And any changes it may hurt us a little bit, but it’s going to hurt the rest of the industry dramatically more than we are and create great opportunities for us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends on our ability to keep growing. When I look at my use of capital, if I could find ideas to spend all my capital on new projects and new businesses internally done, I would spend it because – You guys tend to focus short term. And in the first year to two years I may have a negative impact on my earnings in those years from all these startups and pieces you go through, but in years two, three, four, five the impact is dramatically much better. So anything that my organization can come up with to grow the business to go into new markets to try new things internally, I’m supporting them and I will continue to.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can’t answer the question you have. If you think through the list of things I gave you that we were doing and that’s only the really big ones. There’s a bunch more underneath those that are smaller as you go through. Now each one of them is different. Where we go into I will take extremes. We are going to go into the sheet vinyl business in Russia. That’s going to ramp up slower because we don’t have a big base and we’re going to have to ramp it up over time versus if I put a ceramic piece in Mexico, where the market is growing rapidly my market share is growing rapidly, that one will ramp up very quickly. And there is everywhere between those two extremes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: They have to use more expensive raw materials to make bottles than you do to make carpet fibers. So when we start with that we are starting with a higher quality resin than is typically used in it, but there’s all kinds of other variables in it. We think that we bring to the marketplace a recycled story. We think that we bring innovation in the products and we think that the marketing avenue of being able to say that you are helping the environment, consumers like that. So we think it’s a good thing to do.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We had an excellent year and we’re going to try to duplicate it again. Have a good day.
Frank Boykin: Bob, it’s a lot of different moving parts. It’s going to be the higher volume allowing us to better leverage our fixed cost. It’s going to the productivity that Jeff talked about that is going to be even greater in 2017 than in 2016. And if you look in different parts of our business, you get different factors driving it. For example, we are continuing to see margin improvement in our European ceramic business as they are completing the last phase of their equipment upgrade. And so if you look across all the different parts of the business where we are adding and upgrading equipment, we are going to continue to see margin improvement as a result of that.
Frank Boykin: Listen, you sort of need to think about that. Take the incremental costs we talked about of over $100 million, that’s more than 1% by itself, and then we said we would have a slightly improvement over that. So if you strip that out its somewhere over 1%. The question of how much more, you will have to make your own estimate.
Frank Boykin: Okay. Yes, let me address the first part of that and I will give it to Jeff for the hard part. In terms of the $45 million of startup costs that we said we think we are going to incur this year, the first thing I would say is it’s an estimate and that it can move around from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, depending on how quickly or how slowly some of these plants come up. But right now, our best guess is that we are going to see – it’s going to be more heavily weighted towards the second half of the year than the first half. We will have costs in every one of the quarters, but just looking at it overall for the full year we see more of it in the second half.
Frank Boykin: Yes, there is a way to quantify it, but that’s not something we are prepared to disclose. We have built that all into our forward-looking estimates.
Frank Boykin: I think it’s two separate pieces. One is we are putting in a significant amount of capacity to Mexico. Within that one, we are going to first try to utilize it in the Mexican marketplace. At the same time, we’re going to put salespeople into the South American market to start developing new accounts and new business down there. And then long-term, the question is, is there a way to enter the marketplace and build a larger presence in Central and South America than we have? I think that would be a good thing over time.
Frank Boykin: It was $21 million in 2016 and I have to get back to you on how it is allocated among the three segments.
Frank Boykin: We do have it, not here in front of me, but there are estimates of everything. What the startup costs are – we start with the physical building of the plant and the machinery. Now all those costs get capitalized until you turn the machine on and turn it over to the manufacturing group to utilize it. So all the costs related to building it go into – get capitalized in the equipment. Now once you give it to the manufacturing group and say produce product on it, all the expenses of underutilization of the equipment, product yields that aren’t what you want, fixing things that happened, training labor as you go through, all those costs are in startup. As well as some of the things we put in, is also is we put on salespeople to sell it. We have to start selling it before the sales come up so we have sales and investments in samples that all go into the piece and orders so that you can utilize the thing as quickly as possible. Now once it ramps up to a certain point, all those disappear and you breakeven. Then when you move it on up you start making significant returns on your investment.
Frank Boykin: Our goal is to try to offset them, but depending on the volatility and what happens – we see what happens, but that’s our goal.
Frank Boykin: Let’s I will start with the last one and we will work our way back. I don’t know if it’s right or not; I think that the election when it started and all the attention on it, what was going on, I think it impacted people’s confidence in what was happening. Once the election was over it appeared that people started spending a little more and the confidence improved. The mix in carpet is – as the raw materials declined starting about the year before in 2015, the industry started reducing prices and passing it through. And that continued all the way through the year. Then the same thing happened with – as that was happening, you still had the continuous increase in polyester, which was substituting for higher-value nylon products and so that also impacted the mix. Then the channel mix between the builder business being better than the remodeling business, all those things influence the mix. Now at the same time, we are taking actions to try to improve our position through improved product innovation, introducing new products that are different, to upgrade our sales with it, which is helping. We talked about new introductions to continue it going through the year, of introducing newer softer carpets, of introducing newer type of carpets and backing, of expanding our Karastan higher end. So we are trying to have a better mix in the industry as a whole in all the product categories and it’s coming from significant investments, both in equipment as well as people and innovative ideas. We are doing things and taking some risks. When you do new things on the outer edge, they don’t all pay off, but you have to do a number of them to find ones that really work well and I think that we are spending more money in doing those things and bringing more to the marketplace than anybody else.
