Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.294 billion and grew about 7% both as reported and using constant exchange rates and days for our legacy business. We had one last day in the third quarter, and we will have one more day in the fourth quarter compared to last year. All segments had good growth. As we stated last quarter, our Q2 sales growth was lower than expected and we anticipate that to help the Q3 growth rate. We do not expect to maintain a 7% growth rate going forward. Our gross margin as reported was 31.7% excluding charges, the gross margin was 32.4% up a 100 basis points versus last year driven by growing productivity and higher volume. Our SG&A as reported was $348 million or 15.2% of sales. Excluding charges SG&A was 16.4% of sales, a 60 basis point improvement over last year. Unusual charges this quarter were net benefit of $12 million. This is comprised of a $90 million cash receipt for a legal settlement, partially offset by $48 million non-cash charge for a trade name write-off where we’ve changed our commercial business, commercial carpet business brand focus, and a $30 million restructuring charge of which approximately half is cash. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16% and is up 160 basis points over last year. Interest expense ended up $9 million and decrease due to the redemption of higher rate bonds in January of this year and the introduction of a lower rate commercial paper program. Other expense as reported was $5 million and includes approximately $3 million of an indemnification receivable recorded last year for our IVC purchase accounting. We have an offsetting tax benefit as a related tax liability was unwound. Our income tax rate was 26.4% for the quarter and that compares to 21.9% last year. We expect our fourth quarter tax rate to range between 23% and 24% and our tax rate for the full year next year in 2017 to range between 26% and 27%. Earnings per share excluding charges were $3.50, up 17% over last year. Return to the segments, in the Global Ceramic segment sales were $822 million or up 4% as reported. They increased 6% on a constant days and exchange rate basis. We had very strong growth both in Europe and in Russia in local currency with North America growth rate improving over the second quarter. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16.6%, that's up a 130 basis points over last year. Contributing to the growth over last year was productivity of $14 million, volume of $6 million and a positive price mix of $7 million, partially offset by $4 million of SG&A investment. In the Flooring North American segment, sales as reported were $1.9 billion, up 6%, or up 7% using constant days, with the hard surface categories outpacing soft surface. In soft surface, both rugs and commercial carpet grew faster than residential carpet. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.3% that’s 140 basis points primarily from productivity of $16 million and volume of 12%. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales as reported were $464 million are up 15% over last year. Our legacy business was at 8% using constant days and constant exchange rates. Our operating margin excluding charges was 18.4%, up 250 basis points and it was positively impacted by productivity of $10 million and volume of $11 million plus deflation of $7 million. FX negatively impacted operating income by approximately $5 million primarily from the British pound. We are planning to offset the sterling headwind next quarter with price increases. The corporate elimination segment had an operating loss of $10 million, and we expect this to be about a $36 million to $38 million loss for the full year. Jumping to the balance sheet, receivables ended the quarter to $1.506 billion. Our days sales outstanding were up to 56 days compared to 53 days last year, due to change in the channel mix. Inventories ended the quarter $1.673 billion, our inventory days improved by one day to 104days in the quarter. Fixed assets were $3.341 million and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $184 million with depreciation and amortization of $104 million. CapEx for the full year is estimated to be approximately $650 million with depreciation and amortization for the full year of $410 million. Long-term debt was about $3 billion and our leverage debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.6 times. Jeff, I’ll turn it back over to you.
Frank Boykin: No, I think what I said is it not going to be 7% going forward, but I think it’s going to be more than what we saw in the second quarter. That helps.
Frank Boykin: I mean, there are so many projects at different times, they flow in. I mean like we just finished the ceramic plant in Tennessee, that's running almost wide open already, is it. So, I mean, that's already happening. We have a wood plant that’s coming up, by the end of the year, it will be running full. I mean, there is a lot of capacity is coming in all through the period, and it’s the support that the business I mean the largest we've gotten. In order to support the growth rate, it takes a significant amount of capacity to keep growing at these rates across the business as big as we’ve gotten. And we’re committed to keep the growth up.
Frank Boykin: Mike, I think margins going into’17 and the ceramic North America segment will continue to improve. And as we pull out the IP business out of the Rest of World segment, the margins in that remaining non-IP business will continue to improve as well.
Frank Boykin: Yes. Royalty income improved due to some increased LVT sales and recovery of some old fees. And next year, so that was for this year that I was speaking to. Next year, we anticipate royalty income to be in the $65 million to $70 million with about a $35 million run rate after the patent expires at the end of May.
Frank Boykin: First, is the state, we’ve got tremendous number of projects and I think we said hundreds of projects across the business that people are working on both capital investments as well as process improvements that are driving those productivity numbers. We’re in the process now in putting into our plan for next year. We’ve got a very long list of projects for next year both CapEx and process improvement. So, we’ll continue to generate good productivity numbers next year, but I don’t know the number at this point.
Frank Boykin: The commercial business, I think in generally probably has weekend a little bit. I think that our product offering, our investment with sales and marketing are helping us to improve our position and the marketplace at this point. We have a very high part of the ceramic market that we do at the same time. The LVT and large part of the LVT is going into the commercial business. The carpet tile business is growing for us, and these investment and sales force and product design and features and benefits are helping us push all the categories through the marketplace. So I think more than anything, it’s really where we started. The business is in the best position from a manufacturing standpoint, from a cost standpoint, from a product innovation standpoint, execution standpoint and it’s helping us in all areas.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Today Mohawk is in the best position in the Company’s history. This year, we are investing at our highest level ever to meet increasing demand around the globe. We are preparing for future growth by expanding our differentiated product offerings and increasing the capacity and efficiency of our operations. With our continued investment and manufacturing technology, we are introducing distinctive collections to improve our sales and enhance our mix. We aggressively implementing productivity improvements across the enterprise and all facets of our business, and we are bringing new capacity online to support our growth. This year, our strong operating results have expanded our cash flow and reduced our leverage to historically low levels. We are currently exploring numerous investment options to further our expansion, including Greenfield opportunities, and acquisitions to broaden our geographic presence and product portfolio. Taking these factors into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $3.16 to $3.25, which represents a 12% to 15% increase over our fourth quarter 2015 EPS excluding any restructuring charges. I’ll now be glad to take any questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I gave it to you in the speech. I think I can consolidate it little better. In the Ceramic business, almost all of the various pieces are at capacity. We have just finished installing a new plant in Tennessee. It's up and operating almost at the projected levels already. We’ve announced the increase of our plant in Mexico, which is outside Mexico City, it’s going to -- we’re going to double the capacity. That will be done in end of next year. Moving to Europe, we’re placing the balance of the assets that we acquired in a high end part, that are focused more on a high and commercial part of the business. Those should be in place sometime about mid year, I believe. In addition, we’re putting a new capacity to go on a new product category, which makes ceramic slabs and those can be used for countertops and walls and other pieces as well as floor. We have recently increased the capacity in Bulgaria. There won't be any more in next year; and in Russia, we’re increasing our capacity next year to prepare for the Russian market to improve, once if we can move around the world -- I'll sort of combined some of these, because they are intertwined. In the laminate business, we're using all our capacity in that US, Europe and Russia presently. We have expansion plans for all three. Some of the equipments going to be off, as it going to take a while to get it in, we’ll expand the U.S. in the fall of next year followed by Europe and then followed by Russia. And it's just the matter of timing of the supplier to get the equipment in. In the wood business, we’ve been putting in a new engineered wood plant, which we will be starting, which is in the middle of starting up this fall, and engineered wood which is also running in capacity. The LVT businesses, we're running all the capacity we have in the US and in Europe. Both of those are making incremental increase as we speak in each one, and I’ll continue to do so probably through the first quarter of next year. We’re in the process of adding another production line in both Europe and the US, which will be working at the end of next year. And total combine will have about over a billion dollars of capacity in LVT, as a new category. There are some other smaller things like we just put up a new pad plant in the Western United States, which will fill out our padding strategy across the United States. We have got put in new capacity to make two new types of rugs recently, and we’re looking for alternatives everywhere. The best investments we can make are the ones in internal investment. They have the highest paybacks and lowest risk. The only negative is some of them would go into new geographies and pieces; you tend to lose money for the first year or so as you are ramping them up and getting enough volume to go through them. If I could identify twice as many, I would spend it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So last time we gave a number, it was between $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion. But I’m not sure includes everything that's in the plan going forward. But that's as close as I have at this minute.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don’t think, it really impacts the way we look at it. We take each business depending upon geography and we determine what the risk or within that business. Most of our businesses, I think all the businesses. The majority of what we sale is in the local market in the same currencies. So we’re really look at it and how the markets going to change, but we do across currencies, as well as with small and secondary to the core businesses that we’re trying. So the biggest questions we have, depends on where you go, is the political environment, the exchange risks, and how those impact the competition as we speak and with required different returns based on the risks levels we do and makes it more difficult to do things in certain markets and others. On the acquisition side, we’re always looking at acquisitions. We remain disciplined to ensure that you know we are taking a proper risk to getting the returns for it. At this point, our balance sheet in organization really allowed us to pursue multiple opportunities at the same time, if we can find the right one.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Part of it was the second quarter was a little lower than we expected. Some of it got pushed in there. The other is the ramp up of our LVT sales and here with the new plant coming up, if all the investments we put in sales and marketing and new products all the way of 12 to 18 months. I mean these things don’t just show up to one minute. It’s all the activities that we started, we talked about last year our upping our investments to drive business in North America and NRI places and we’re getting the benefit of that in our year and half later.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Each category is grown definitely, so what happens is right now to have LVT is started from a relatively low base, it’s been accepted in the market place and it’s in the same place at laminate was in the mid 90’s to 2000. So with the investments we’re putting in it, it’s pushing it up. On the other side you have the wood business that tends to be driven a lot by the new housing construction as a much bigger piece in new housing. So it’s doing better in the market in total. Those two pieces are helping it and then all the other activities we’re trying to do to improve our own business relative to the market are helping our other parts.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We’re in the very first initial stages of it. We just recently announced a 3% to 5% increase. It's to cover raw materials, energy, labor, medical benefits in it. We'll have to see how it evolves. We need the increases to cover cost changes we go through. On the other hand, we’re going to remain competitive in the marketplace. That we always do. Historically these things start out and, as the prices get more finalized in the market some go up more, some go up less.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don’t want to get you confused. We have a countertop business which we act as a distributor in the United States and one of the largest distributors in the United States in a fairly fractured market. The ceramic countertop business started a limited number of years ago in Europe and it’s just ramping up in Europe. And it takes a while to get the market to accept it. The same product in the U.S. is in it's really infancy. So it's a very small part of, it's almost none in the U.S. it's so small. So we're starting in Europe, where the market is already starting accepting it. And we’ll be shipping product from there to the U.S. And over time if it makes sense, we will put in more capacity in the United States. All that different than the quartz business which we also sell-through our distribution.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me start with Flooring before we leave it. We are really in an unusual position most businesses around the world that we have the capacity to expand our flooring business into all parts of geographies around the world, it gives us the opportunity to Greenfield and/or acquire other flooring businesses that we think we can add value to and gives us a much broader market to play in. Beyond that at some point, it wouldn’t be unusual for us to add another product category to our business, and there are a lot of options to do that. And we haven’t chosen one, but we’ve already be in it, yes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, the closer a business is to our historical business, the more value we can add. The more we can influence the manufacturing, the distribution, the style and design of sort it, so the closer for it the better. On the other hand we have shown, as we started out in a carpet company, we didn’t know anything about ceramic and we become the largest ceramic producer in the world. We didn’t know anything about LVT, and we are going to be the largest LVT producer in the world recently. So, I mean we’d look at it is on each one is as we find the right opportunities and value in, we take them on a one-off basis, and they really think we can participate in many things in the world.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Can any answer I give you that would be guess the data on market shares, there is limited data out there, where it is out there, I don’t have full confidence what the numbers remain quarter-to-quarter. They are influenced by a lot of pieces. I think that we are probably doing a litter bit better in some categories in the marketplace and most.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So in laminate, we participate in laminate in the mid to high end part of the business and very little in the commodity part. And there are reasons for which is that, they are really different assets and make highly style, highly design product efficiently and then they are making commodity. So that’s where we set up. If you’re going to participate in better one, you have to keep coming up with new innovative ideas to drive it both in style and features and we are the leader in the category until. And so what are the problems with laminate and wood is that it’s impacted by water and moisture in the house. And so we’ve come up with another technology that allows us to give it dramatically better performance than the other products in the category and part of our expansions to support the expansion of that in the market place, which is one of many. And if you’re going to be the leader, every year you have to keep coming up with new one.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The first question was of moisture. There is no way to make anything out of wood completely moisture repellent. The technology that we have, if you spill things on them, usually you clean them up and the technology is in 24 or 48 hours, hours is almost nothing happens to it, where they the competitive products I mean dramatically degrade in the time. So we see that as a significant value proposition in the market place. One the other one, we don’t give out this specific numbers of individual product categories in our segment, I’m sure you’re aware of.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our goal is to continue expanding our business and the best thing it could happen with these that I need to keep sourcing significant amount.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s too early to tell. The marketplace has been growing significantly I would guess in the United States, it probably grew 300 million or more this year, just in growth. It's possible it could grow that or more next year. So there's plenty of opportunity for growth in the marketplace. The question is, as we get further along. Where is it going to plateau? And it's too early to tell.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Hiring people has become more difficult in the business, but we’ve been able to get what we need. On the customer side, I think the installation is becoming tight. In some of our places it's becoming hard for our customers to find the people to install the product. At the same time in the trucking piece finding drivers has been a problem for a while with most, but we also been able to get what we need for our own business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Ceramic business in Mexico is about the same in units as the U.S. business, however, the average selling price is about half. So in -- on a dollar basis beginning the conversion, on the dollar basis, it’s about half to size with about equal amount of unit, out of that.
Jeff Lorberbaum: That’s the industry. Out of that Mexico is one of the larger exporters into the U.S.; however, over the last two or three years the Mexican market has been growing dramatically and it’s observed a huge amount of capacity in Mexico and is growing -- I don’t can’t even understand how much grown as much as they had, relative to the economy growing in Mexico. So what’s happening is there has been a construction of the stuff coming up in the United States, because they higher value for in a local markets rather than exporting it to the U.S.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we said we are at capacity, it means we’ve done, we’ve already running the same seven days a week and wide open and then every business is we have a around here half way there no matter where you’re there is always way to get more out of it, is it but the more of it most cases once you optimize that is a few percent dramatic.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that we are building our equipment or we can satisfy any need in the marketplace with various products of different types of different features as we go through. So, I mean we are prepared to compete in all parts of the market providing products that will satisfy all level.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Product innovation is the crux of all of our businesses. So further you guess from commodity products the more important innovation is because you’re selling differentiation rather than price and depending upon which business we’re in, we’ve different participations in commodity and the other. And all those things will continue to try to bring incremental product innovation to each one, so that the customers would prefer having ours. And with that you do get a margin premium as you bring more value to the customer. As you would think, as you would expect.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s going to be incremental, we continuously try to find what is operating with lower inventories and giving higher service and you continually do those things and that at the same time off setting that, when your near capacity limitations of the working capital becomes lower and then more important is creating more product. So in some cases we’re giving up turns and order to try to get more throughputs out of the business in the short term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First broader then carpet, residential replacement has not have the same robustness we would have expected, going through the cycle and it’s in all the product categories as you go through. And addition in the carpet fees, there is increasing pressure from declining prices, as the market growth in polyester, which sells at lower prices, as reduced the prices and then with the over capacities in the carpet industry, the commodity prices have got in compressed even more. All of those things are reducing the dollar volume of the industry, at the same time there is been the trend to selling more hard surfaces and use of more hard surfaces and more places, which has changed the growth rate of the entire industry, and those dynamics as continuing as they have been, so we’re trying to participate it all the pieces. We’re trying to make sure that we satisfy the customers from all the different product categories and our goal is to have our profit businesses largest we can have it. And at the same time to optimize the other hard surface products, which we participate in all the parts of the business, and then going back to what we discussed before, having incremental innovation and everything has a huge benefit and we spend a huge amount of effort, trying to create some reasons that customers prefers ours in every single product category.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The pricing pressure in the commodity carpet business has been going on for some time. There is excess capacity in the marketplace. It has pushed the prices and margins down in the business for us. But I want to remind you at the same time that our North American Flooring business is operating at historically the highest margins it’s ever been at. So it's just what we have to deal with, is the marketplace. The competition from offshore is there, and it’s different and different product categories. The Ceramic business, there's probably almost half of the industry comes from show somewhere, which includes, the biggest pieces coming from Mexico and China, I would guess, would be the two biggest. At the same time, the highest stuff is coming out of Europe, is it. In the other product categories, each one is different. The laminate business, there is the significant amount is to come from China and moved to Europe. There is new capacity coming up. So it’s going to move here, you see the LVT with all coming out of China, but this new capacity coming up is moving to the U.S. So in these product categories where you can automate it, there's advantages to being local but at the same time in the world marketplace with exchange rates and other pieces, people dump excess capacity into the marketplace. We think that we’re well suited to compete and in the Ceramic industry and we're actually built, we own different capacity to everyone. We started this year, we’ve actually shift product in Ceramic from Russia, Europe, and Bulgaria and out of our Chinese relationship into the U.S. to support our business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We as a general rule do not hedge anything. And we go with the markets. We're in so many markets we're winning and losing in different ones all the time. And historically, I can't say, when we did hedge a long time ago, that the decisions were optimal.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the peso, what’s happening with probably or gaining and losing about equal amount. So on the imports we gain if it goes down, we gain on what we bring back. But our profits translated back from Mexico go down. If it reverses, the opposite occurs.
Jeff Lorberbaum: No, we are not raising prices there, the market is probably in the depths of recession has been at and forever. I would guess that there ceramic market in Russia to 30%, 35% most of my competitors are struggling to stay alive the prices are compressed over there and then that environment we have, because we have the premium position install and designed because we have control of the downstream distribution, because we have the brand that’s known in the marketplace were still promoting our brand through advertising across the market place. We are running opposite to the entire marketplace.
