Frank Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $1.881 billion, up 4% as reported, or 6% with constant exchange rate and days. As Jeff mentioned earlier, the first quarter this year had approximately four more days and the fourth quarter will have four fewer days than last year, which had about a 6% impact on sales. All segments grew in local currency with FX reducing sales approximately $137 million compared to last year. Our gross profit margin as reported was 27.2%. Excluding restructuring it was 27.7%, up 80 basis points from last year with increased volume and productivity driving improvement. Our SG&A was $468 million or 24.9% of sales. It was 18.1% of sales excluding restructuring which is a 90 basis point improvement even after investments we’ve made back into the business. Restructuring and unusual charges were $138 million for the quarter of which $10 million was in cost of goods sold and $128 million in SG&A with the majority related to a previously announced settlement of a lawsuit and the balance in the Laminate & Wood acquisition restructuring and carpet plant closures. We estimate $25 million to $30 million of additional restructuring in the last three quarters of this year. Our operating margin, excluding charges, was 9.6%, up 170 basis points with FX translation impacting results approximately $21 million compared to last year. Our interest expense came in at $16 million, that’s down $6 million primarily due to last year’s redemption of $254 million of the 2016 bonds and the implementation of our new commercial paper program. Also, we’ve improved our working capital management this year to drive lower interest expense. Other income was $1 million which increased $6 million – which improved $6 million, primarily due to foreign currency gains. The income tax rate was 25% for the quarter compared to 22% last year and was higher than expected this quarter due to the timing of certain deductions. We are still estimating a full-year rate of 21% to 22% in 2015. Our earnings per share excluding charges were $1.70 per share, which is up 38% from last year. If we jump to the segments, in the Carpet segment sales were $739 million, up 10% over last year, or 4% in constant days with volume increasing in rugs and hard surface products. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 5.5%, that’s up 40 basis points with productivity and volume supporting higher margins, partially offset by raw materials, lower mix and higher sample replacements. In 2014, the full-year margin was up 140 basis points from a year earlier, 2013. We expect the rate of improvement in 2015 to increase as we move through this year. In the Ceramic segment, sales were $720 million, up 4% over last year’s reported or 9% using constant FX and days on a pro forma basis. FX impacted sales approximately $67 million, compared to last year. Operating income margin excluding charges was 11.9%, that’s up 290 basis points from volume, productivity and improving price mix. FX impacted results in this segment approximately $10 million compared to last year. Our first quarter margin growth however is not sustainable, but margins will improve for the full year above last year’s margins. In our Laminate & Wood segment sales were $448 million, which is down 4% as reported. However, sales were up 5% on a constant FX and days basis. The declining euro reduced sales approximately $7 million versus last year. Our operating income margin excluding charges was $14.3%, that’s up 280 basis points due to higher volume and operations productivity with the weak euro negatively impacting results by approximately $11 million. The margin growth rate in the first quarter will not continue throughout this year, but we do expect full year margins will improve year-over-year. In our corporate and eliminations segment, our operating loss was $10 million in the quarter and we are expecting a $30 million to $35 million loss for the full year. If we move to the balance sheet, receivables ended up at $1.159 billion with DSOs at 54 days, slightly up from 53 days last year. Inventories ended at $1.506 billion with our days improving to 112 days compared to 115 days last year. Fixed assets were $2.619 billion, which includes CapEx of $106 million in the first quarter with depreciation and amortization of $86 million. We estimate the CapEx – we estimate CapEx of $450 million for the full year in 2015 and depreciation and amortization at $375 million, excluding acquisitions. Our total long-term debt was $2.4 billion with leverage at 1.9 times debt to EBITDA. Jeff, I’ll turn it back over to you at this point.
Frank Boykin: And Mike, I would just add, you’ll see in our 10-Q which will come out in a little bit, in the bridge that we do by each of the divisions that input cost inflation, which includes raw materials, was about $# million for the quarter.
Frank Boykin: Well, so first off I would say our SG&A as a percent to net sales will continue to improve as we compare year-over-year as we move through the year. The other thing you have to take into consideration is if you look at SG&A on a constant exchange rate basis the value would actually be up a little bit year-over-year. So we will continue to reinvest back into the business to grow the top line, but we will be able to leverage that top line growth with a lower percent to sales.
Frank Boykin: And, John, on the two acquisitions, we said 6% to 8% accretion assuming, we’re assuming that the Kai acquisition closes in May and the IVC acquisition closes in June, so $0.06 to $0.08 accretion.
Frank Boykin: I will address the margin question and then let Jeff address the other part of the question. So in all four of our regions, Mexico, U.S., Russia, and Europe, the margin percentages improved year-over-year. Now the translation of the rubles and the euros had a negative impact obviously on Russia and Europe coming back in dollars, but the margin percentages improved in all of them. They were all – strong performance in all four.
Frank Boykin: And Bob, I would just add with regards to how big or how significant they are, we had guided the EPS accretion in the first 12 months because we never know exactly when they are going to close – for the first 12 months of $0.25 to $0.45 for IVC and $0.10 to $0.15 for Kai. And we obviously always try to do better than that and improve, but that’s what we are guiding right now.
Frank Boykin: Yes. I mean, I think we will continue to see good improvement year-over-year and full-year margins on the carpet side.
Frank Boykin: Well, as Jeff has said earlier, we have seen some improvement that we think is going to impact our P&L in the latter part of the year on raw materials. We are continuing to put in place productivity improvements that will benefit us, taking out both fixed and variable cost and so margins should improve.
Frank Boykin: The only thing I would add to that would be that the $300 million number you quoted was back before we had the Marazzi and Pergo and Spano acquisitions, and the size of the company was much smaller. Our G&A now is running $375 million, could go up to $400 million next year. So it’s hard to imagine that we’d hit a run rate of $300 million CapEx over a long period of time. But we can – if the economy changes, if situation circumstances change, we can make adjustments pretty quickly as we showed over the last few years.
Frank Boykin: I think the best way to answer it is our business doesn’t move in a straight line. We’ve got puts and takes in all of our businesses every quarter. And we try to look at it on a full-year basis and, like I’ve said, I think all of our – we believe all of our segments are going to improve margins year-over-year. Those two segments just performed much better with all things clicking – all eight cylinders clicking this quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We were pleased with our progress during the first quarter and anticipate improving U.S. economy and a stronger flooring market will benefit our business for the remainder of the year. The U.S. continued economic and income growth, low gasoline prices and interest rates, and increased home values should drive our business throughout 2015. In Europe, we are seeing improvement in some areas as the market slowly recovers from a prolonged downturn. We expect our European sales in local currency to improve slightly with new product introductions enhancing our mix along with manufacturing and productivity initiatives improving margins. In Russia, our leading brand and product positions combined with efficient manufacturing will improve our market share in a challenging economy, while increased inflation and competition will impact our margins. Throughout the business we are introducing innovative new products across all categories that are being well received in their markets generating higher growth in margins. Foreign currency will continue to negatively impact our results during the second quarter with the euro approximately 20 weaker and the ruble approximately 30% lower than last year. This will partially be mitigated by our sales and productivity initiatives, SG&A reductions, and cost improvement projects. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the second quarter earnings is $2.51 to $2.60 per share excluding any earnings from acquisitions or restructuring charges. Our second quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.25 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. After the close of the transactions in the second quarter, we estimate the IVC and Kai acquisitions will add $0.06 to $0.08 per share earnings in the second period. We anticipate significant opportunities in our IVC acquisition, which will expand our participation in LVT and fiberglass sheet vinyl categories in the U.S. and Europe, and our Kai acquisition, which will increase our ceramic participation in Eastern Europe. These acquisitions will improve our future growth, broaden our geographic coverage, and solidify our position as the world’s largest flooring manufacturer. We’ll now be glad to take questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It’s just a national strategy to make sure that we participate fully in the channel. It’s been doing better during the period, so we’re putting more effort into it across the different divisions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don’t have it by region here, but there is more hard surface being sold into it. We’re participating more with it and making sure that we’re focused on the growing accounts across the country.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The commercial business during the first quarter outperformed the residential business. What we see is that our margins have improved from our offering that we’ve created, our productivity that we are doing on new fiber innovation. Tile is growing faster than the broadloom business and the corporate category is growing faster than the others. And then we are continuing to expand our participation in the LVT business in the U.S.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the first quarter, our income was up 20%. The biggest parts of it were from volume and productivity partially offset by raw material costs compared to last year, a lower mix and then higher sample placements within it. The polyester products sell at anywhere from 5% to 15% cheaper than an equivalent of nylon. So as the market moves, our selling price moves down along with the industries. Just to remind you that our 2014 margins were up 140 basis points from 2013 and we expect continued improvement as we move through the year in the segment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are not giving out a specific amount for the raw materials. Oil, which everyone is focused on is a component of the raw materials we use that make up the chemicals and resins that we use for us. Now in addition we have others like natural gas, corn, soda bottles and other raw materials we use, so it’s one of a myriad of components. The oil prices have started to rise somewhat and we are seeing some changes in our raw materials. Our raw materials are basically purchased on a market basis or on a cost plus basis, so they change continuously. But we expect benefit in the second quarter and beyond, but we haven’t identified a specific amount.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, I can’t guarantee what the government does. We think there is a very low risk that it doesn’t go through, all the antitrust filings except the EU have been approved and we anticipate the EU approval sometime in June.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First I have to start that the LVT market is really growing rapidly and we are expecting it to be up somewhere 15% across the world in the different markets we are in, so it is absorbing it. The LVT prices was primarily driven by the Chinese across the world markets as different ones, and we don’t see significant changes in the pricing of those at this point. There is more capacity coming into the marketplaces. We expect the markets to evolve. There is going to be more innovation and styling of performance in the category. We believe there are going to be different features and benefits added by the new participants, us included. There will be more differentiated products and those will have higher margins than other ones. We anticipate that our plant and others will improve manufacturing efficiencies costs over time and all this will be reflected in the market.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It’s just that it keeps increasing in its proportion of the total, so it makes up a bigger part of it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We did not say what you said. We said that our surface products in rugs were up more. We don’t give out specific pieces about each. The industry volume in carpet showed up, I think, about 3.5% in total, but the industry numbers we believe – not we believe, the industry numbers don’t take into consideration changes in calendars. And we know that our calendar as well as others change, so we think that the number is a little higher than the actual pieces on comparable days that will offset itself going into the – it will take through the year to get it back in line because of the calendar changes.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think that the carpet unit volumes will be up a limited 1%, 2% maybe; it would be more or less as we go through.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In our carpet business, we believe we are going to improve our mix by increasing our SmartStrand sales with our new introductions and differentiation with SmartStrand Forever Clean.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are optimistic about the industry in total and where it’s going and what’s going on in the different markets. And in our business we have a lot of initiatives including – we mentioned that the new introductions in carpet. We have commitments for over 12,000 new display systems which will improve our retail business, which is the part that has better margins because it’s higher quality products. We are expanding our ceramic business and our other categories and all the businesses are doing the right things to improve more than the industry in general.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the ceramic business, the ceramic commercial business we have more difficulty in actually breaking it out, because a lot of the products go both ways and you can’t see them. Our general belief is that the commercial business with us is growing slightly less than the other – than the residential business because so much of it’s going into new construction and you get higher growth rates in the new – it’s a much bigger part of the total category.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The pricing is really driven by mix and products, so in Europe we are increasing our pricing, but we keep talking about the product introductions. In our categories we try to differentiate the products so more of it’s coming from product innovation than it is coming from raising the pieces above inflationary pieces and/or reducing our cost through productivity improvements.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: No, I didn’t say that. We try to pass through the raw material changes. What I thought you are asking me is – was I raising prices unrelated to raw materials.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So we raise prices as the raw materials change in all the marketplaces, because raw materials make up such a large part of all our categories.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let’s start with IVC. IVC, the first to repeat what it is, they are the leading manufacturer of ceramic in the Bulgarian and Romanian marketplace and they have the low-cost positions in the marketplace. With the Kai business we are going to focus on improving their product offering in the marketplace, implementing best practices from product design to manufacturing costs et cetera and then exporting products to Western Europe to supplement our business, as well as helping them expand within the categories and regions they are in. On IVC, the main categories are leveraging the Mohawk relationships, brands and design both in the U.S. and the European markets. In the U.S. market we can help drive their products through the commercial market. There are best practices we can learn from both and then just leveraging the strong management and efficient manufacturing they have to improve those across everything and best practices in everything.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: LVT is a product that brings certain values to certain uses, which is what’s driving it. We believe it’s going to continue to expand in its style and design as well as performance features and other things. All those things are helping it grow. It’s starting from a relatively low base. We think it will continue to grow and take market share and it’s going to take market share from all of the different categories because the flooring market is not increasing because you have a new product category coming into it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And mix should continue to improve as we go through the year if we don’t get any surprises. At the same time the raw materials are volatile we don’t know where they are, so we’ll have to see where they end up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As I said earlier, the U.S. market and the economy wasn’t as strong as anybody thought it was going to be in the first quarter. And we are assuming, like everyone else with the economy, that it’s going to improve in the first quarter. We are assuming that the housing part will do better, we’re assuming remodeling will improve. So we are looking forward to the category improving as we go through. We think that with our new product introductions and our new commitments for sampling we’re going to improve our business within it and we think we are well-positioned for the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It is really more related to price points. The higher priced items have more differentiation and you get more margin off those because of the differentiation. And the lower more commoditized products tend to be more price conscious and we have lower margins on them. So the displayed items tend to be mid- to high-end for the most part. So the new introduction we’ve been talking about tend to create a higher mix for the products. On the other hand, we want to fully participate in the home marketplace including in the commodity products.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The part of the CapEx in the past is dependent on a few things. One is it was higher as the carpet industry shifted to polyester. We have been putting more money in all our businesses with the acquisitions and putting those together. So this year the CapEx is now around $450 million. We haven’t put the plan together for next year. There will be some additional CapEx with the new acquisitions that are required for them and managing those. We’ve been more aggressive with interest rates being low. We are putting more new capital in the businesses. We are also investing in other areas such as we are putting up a new ceramic plant in Tennessee as we speak. We have a lot of major things going in this year. I can’t tell you what it’s going to be next year until we get further in the year and start focusing on it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are going to continue investing. I mean, we believe the economy is going to be relatively good for a while. We continue investing to take advantage of it and position the company to improve its margins. The margins keep going up not because we just show up every day.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What we said was we thought it would be better than last year. Whether it’s equal or better than the other things, I don’t really have an opinion on. I think it’s has lagged. Part of it has been that we’ve said is that people that own existing homes haven’t been investing in them as they had in prior times. We are hoping as the housing prices go up people get more comfortable about putting more money in their homes as their incomes go up that they put money in them. And we don’t see any reason why that won’t occur over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have the information I don’t have in front of me. We gave – it is significant of both and it’s more than just cutting and investment. So you have one part that’s coming from new equipment that’s allowing us to do things. Another is consolidating the existing facilities to make them more efficient. Another is strategies in our raw materials and processes to make them more efficient. Another is reengineering our raw material strategies to lower our costs. We have done things to improve productivity with systems. We have reduced our cost of distribution by improving the processes, the fill rates of the trucks and different things. So it’s all parts of the business. When we go into every year, every one of the business functions has a cost savings plan and efficiency and productivity issues that start from the bottom-up and top-down and they are set up with hundreds of actions to be taken during the year and implemented in a very disciplined manner. Typically out of the list we probably achieve about 75% of what’s on the list as well as add more things to it. It’s very disciplined how we drive change through the organization.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It’s not easy to give you a flat answer. What happens is in the product life cycles we have commodity products that can last six, seven, eight years. We have very high fashion things that three years could be in some of them and the average depends on the product mix and pieces and comparing one business to another depends on your participation in the different markets and ages. I think what we were trying to do – so if you took the 25%, that would mean that we turn the whole thing over in four years with the lowest number we gave you and 50% means that over a two- or three-year period you’ve changed it so it shows how much growth the new introductions are causing and changing in the marketplace. We’re also using those, as we said, to drive simplicity in the operations as well as trying to differentiate performance features and value add to the customers. So again, like our capital expenditures, we have very disciplined processes within each business to say what are we going to do different to bring value to the marketplace which includes, A, differentiation, on the other side is cost-cutting which we hope the customers don’t see it as we go through and improve value. I forgot the last part of your question.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It’s a large part, but – so Continuum is our way of participating in the polyester category and adding something other than my price is different than someone else’s. So it’s an entire strategy around how can I add value to the customer? How can I have a differentiated selling story so when they make choices they prefer ours? Now to say that there’s no alternative polyester products that can be used for the same customer is incorrect. So there are incremental differences of how you differentiate things in a common marketplace and we spend a lot of time doing that and those things help our customers give reasons to their customers why they should buy it and help their margins and help them say you should buy from me, which is why it has value.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We commented in two different areas. In the U.S. market, we bring product into the U.S. market from Mexico, China and Europe and we bring different products in based on the economics of what they are and/or differences in the equipment or pieces as well as supplementing our other things. For the most part the European imports tend to be very high end differentiated products. They tend to go into the commercial business and in some differentiated residential products, such as in Europe we are making ceramic wood looks 6 feet long. The market here is limited so making them there and bringing them in is a good idea. Mexico we have low cost manufacturing and we tend to bring in certain products there, but as we have bought Marazzi and putting in a new plant we are using more of that to satisfy the local market, but we’re bringing them in. China has very specific products that they make low-cost because of what – they sell a huge amount of them and they are set up to make them differently. So we are bringing in specific products for different reasons. The other thing we mentioned was with the new acquisition of Kai, our business in Europe in ceramic we’re focused on the mid- to high-end. Kai is a low-cost producer in a low-cost area where we have access to the water to move it relatively cheaply. And we believe that we can use those assets to participate more in the lower part of the marketplace which tends to come from Turkey and Poland in Europe now. So it using our worldwide assets to maximize what they’re good for and then as the markets change we’ll change and move around.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It will be higher for the year because we are investing more in it. However, what we have done is cut other overhead costs. We’re making other arrangements to cut costs in our carpet business on things on the backside and invest more into new samples, new products and more sales personnel which should help us drive the top line.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We had a very good quarter in the first quarter. We are anticipating the year continuing to get better. And we are enthusiastic about our position and the marketplaces. We appreciate you joining us. Thank you very much.
