Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I may not have been clear on that, Steve. The pro forma debt to EBITDA with Spano and Marazzi will be about 2.8x.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, yes. So the answer -- the short answer is, we're really going to focus on paying down debt and integrating the acquisitions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And we should also, Mike, see improvement in the margins as we move through the year, both from mix and productivity.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And I would say from the weather perspective, the products that were most significantly impacted would have been the roofing panels.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look at the different categories, we are increasing our sales of higher value products, which we call all the soft products under multiple different brands. And we think we're changing the premium market in carpets, so that's helping our margins. We are continuing to reduce the sales of our old staple products and are headed to close to 0 over this year. We get through -- there's some of those legacy left. There's a transition away from polypropylene products that going on and replacing those is growth in the polyester business. Polyester is basically selling in the mid to low-end part of the marketplace as when people go above there, they prefer to have the extra benefits of the higher-value nylon and some extra products that we sell. I guess some of the other margin things that are going on at the midpart point of the market is not growing as much as it should be because of the replacement business. So we expect that business to pick up as it goes through until you have higher growth in our business at the lower end and at the higher end.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Commercial business' growth was stronger than our residential business and the ceramic business. We see that the specifications are increasing. We see more activity going forward, so we're positive about the businesses that goes through and expecting it to get stronger.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Hospitality has been strong in both carpet and in tile, and we've seen strength in health care as well.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The only difference would be there European business. In August, it's slower where the U.S. businesses are.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know exactly the numbers. We have enough capacity to support the business and the growth that we need. We have some assets that will be moved to make up any shortfalls that we have. We don't have any limitations to our business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The difference is that the Russian market has been just changing in the last 10, 15 years. And so as it develops, Marazzi built a retail distribution channel there. I don't believe that you can take that and replant it across the world in developed areas.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The answer is the product introductions had different margins based on the value-added difference. And as you go up in the higher end of the spectrum, there's more differentiation. As you go down in the bottom end of it, you have commodity products with very limited differentiation. When we introduce products, we try to introduce products that have higher margins than the products we sold before and replace old dropping products with better margins as we go every year. We attempt to introduce products to cover the raw material costs that are there so that we don't have to raise them, but it doesn't always work out that way.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, our goal is to do better. If we see we think we're expanding the margins in all the businesses, and some of the actions are related to how we're managing the product mix.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't see a major change in the average pricing of the different categories. What you have is a lot of the new construction business tends to use lower quality products. So as it grows, it's offsetting some of the higher-value products or selling the remodeling piece. What we really need is the remodeling business to recover, and you'll see a significant change in the mix.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. It's consistent with where we are. The Russian business is growing the fastest. The U.S. business is second, and the European business actually showed growth by growing the business outside the southern part of Western Europe and to other areas of Europe and to Eastern Europe, as well as into Northern Africa. And so we're focused going forward on maximizing the business in the areas that are doing better, and that's what we intend to do.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You have to start out with an estimate of what's going to happen with the entire flooring industry. If you assume -- it depends on how long a time period. If you assume about a 5% increase, what you'll have is the carpet piece should be below there on average over the period, and the things that are growing faster, such as ceramic, will be higher. Now a lot of it also depends on the mix in category. So ceramic has a much higher percentage of its business in new construction, for example, and the carpet side has a much higher percentage in remodeling. Then you have different amounts going into commercial. But I mean, in general, I think that as you see a 3% growth rate -- 3%, 4% growth rate in carpet over X time, while you have a 5% in the industry would be a good growth rate.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The next 2 years, then you've got to decide what the average growth of the industry is going to be so...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we're expecting a second quarter of our business to improve. We have a lot of initiatives that are making it. I don't really have industry numbers at this moment. We're expecting ours would do better, and we're expecting our margins to improve. You heard us also take significant cost out of the SG&A. That will start showing up in the second quarter and going forward, so we're trying to make our business better no matter what happens.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The home center by the end of this -- by the end of the first quarter with the new introductions in, then we should start seeing improvement in the home center piece. The rug piece, we continue to see by the retailers a focus on reduction of lower price points. So what happens is the unit prices continued to decline as they keep pushing down the mix within the retail stores of what they want to advertise. So with that, the carpet sales have gone down with the reduction -- or the rug sales have gone down with the reduction of the selling prices, as well as the demand in those things have also been reduced. We have continued to reduce our cost structures and are maintaining our profit levels as that happens. At the same time, we are focused on growing various channels within it. There's a specialty retail channel that we think is growing and can then improve our mix, which we're planning on doing this year. E-commerce continues to grow, and we're trying to drive more fashionable higher-value rugs to improve the mix.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting industry volumes to be up a little bit, and we're expecting to do better than the industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think you have to answer in 2 pieces. Because one of the legacy businesses, we expect the percent cost of sales to continue going down as we manage the cost. The businesses coming in, we're homogenizing those costs, we're taking costs out. But many of them are above where we are, so there's really 2 different answers.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember with our business at Unilin, it's a -- the wood business is a portion of our U.S. business, which is smaller than our European business, and then that's only a portion within it. So it's a limited piece to the total. The prices will go up and will help offset some of the costs that we have and improve it, but that's not going to be significant to the total.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We think that we are well positioned going forward in our legacy businesses and improving both the mix and the products. We think that we are -- we have made the right acquisitions at the right time, and we expect our business to continue improving over the next several years. Thank you very much for joining us.
Frank H. Boykin: The laminate margins are higher in the division, and we expect to be able to raise the margins significantly over the next year as we implement all the strategies we went through.
Frank H. Boykin: In the margins, we believe that we're going to be able to get the Unilin margins back to the low to mid-teens, and we would like to have the -- we expect to have the Pergo margins in the same range.
Frank H. Boykin: We don't break out the margins by individual products within the segments, the -- or the sales, but we do expect the growth rate to increase in the next quarter. It was also impacted by about 1.5% with the less day in the period. We're expecting the sales to increase as we go through the year, both in the actions we're taking, as well as improvements in the markets.
Frank H. Boykin: We have the same thing in our business with the one less shipping days about 1.5% impacted Europe. We see Europe continuing with soft and volume under pressure in all the businesses in Europe. Our legacy European sales are down some more, some less than about 10% in the different pieces. However, we're offsetting some of it by growth in new channels, as well as new geographies.
Frank H. Boykin: Ken, that's our best estimate. We've further along on the Pergo acquisition because we've obviously had it longer. And then Marazzi and Spano, those are our estimates that we're hopeful that we're fairly close.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, just like with the legacy Mohawk business, it experiences the same kind of seasonality. First quarter is going to be the slowest in each of those 3 businesses.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, and the biggest thing with carpet right now is that remodeling side. That's over 50% of the total. And once that remodel, the pent-up demand comes back and that should really impact the carpet business.
Frank H. Boykin: It was not a negative impact in Q1. It impacted us because we're buying in Q1, and it's hitting our P&L in Q2. So it was the raw material we're buying in Q1 that we're talking about.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. But I mean, we do that internally, but we're not prepared to talk about specifics at that level of detail.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, we're going to continue as we move through the year. We're the going to continue to see improvement as we leverage the SG&A expenses against better sales.
