Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The pipeline -- I'm not sure the pipeline is depleted, but we've spent all the money we're going to spend for the near term. We've been talking with many of these companies for a period of years in different places, having discussions over long periods of time. And many of the companies, as you come out of recessions, you have to refinance the businesses so it creates opportunities as the business grows. We think there's more opportunity in the marketplace, but we're going to be focused the next few years, or next couple of years at least, on putting these in a condition we'd like them to be.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are seeing raw materials move up. In many of the different categories, the raw materials were depressed somewhat during the downturn, so we're seeing inflation in raw materials in many places. In each of the categories, there are different drivers of it. In the carpet side, you have oil prices are going up, but there's also additional pressure from chemical costs rising more due to supply and demand and those companies trying to recover their margins as the industries occur. With that, we have announced a price increase of 4% to 6% to get it back. At this point, all the major carpet players have announced similar increases in those ranges. And we believe they're going to go through because the industry needs them to keep the margins at least where they are. On the wood side, you're seeing something similar, which is with the wood going up due to the housing recovery, the wood coming out of the forest is in shorter supply and the prices are going up significantly. And the industry has to pass those through. We have made announcement of 2 separate price increases because they increased more than we had anticipated, and we don't see any reason why we won't be able to achieve those given the cost increases we're incurring.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We haven't given any specific of how they're going to change. There are going to -- there's a lot of opportunities to improve Pergo. It's complementary to our business with our premium product positions. They have and we have together, different from each other, design and performance capabilities which will enhance both portfolios. There's significant opportunities to optimize the manufacturing in both the U.S. and Europe. We've already started making quality changes and productivity changes. There are many initiatives on the table that are going to take a significant period of time to implement during this year and possibly beyond it, and it will take a while to maximize those. There's opportunities to leverage their patents with our licenses, our license abilities to increase that and have it go beyond -- all the way through sometime in 2020-something. We haven't finalized the timing and the amounts of all the restructuring pieces it takes, the product changes it takes. But they're all being planned and designed so we can go ahead and execute them over the next 12 months.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What's happening in the commercial business with our business is the modular's growing, but we're -- but it's moving from the broadloom to modular. So it's offsetting a lot of the growth rate.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Price increases. In the commercial -- we talked about the price increase in the residential. In the commercial businesses, the price increases don't go -- or a lot of it is done on a specified basis, so it's on a job-by-job basis. And you don't see all the time the announced changes because every job is changed as it comes up.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, to get the margins back up, we're going to continue doing all the things we're doing about cutting costs, managing the SG&A expenses, getting leverage on them as they go up, getting better product mix as they go through, reducing our cost structures. The -- we expect to start getting some top line growth, which will also help all the pieces. And then the price increases are dependent upon what raw material costs are and what the marketplace does. And we try to get -- we try to improve our margins as we do that, but it's dependent upon the entire marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just another comment. On the price increase, some of it is being offset by the change to lower-cost products made out of polyester is offsetting some of the pricing increases the last year or 2 and will continue as polyester grows.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The price increases that we announced are in the solid wood category. There's been -- we haven't raised the engineered wood, which has lower-cost raw materials in it as much. And so the other one has -- the majority of the increase is in the -- we're passing them through. Alternatives to wood, there's all kinds of alternatives. It depends on what you're looking for. There are options in laminate, there's options -- there's actually ceramic looks that are made out of wood for the high-end wood marketplace. It doesn't scratch. There's new products we're introducing and others in LVT as we go through. There's a lot of options as it moves around. Wood tends to be an aspirational purchase for people, and the people that desire to have the best products tend to like using wood and won't change it. On the other hand, people looking for alternatives have moved already to things like laminate, which look a lot like it at lower price points.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. Let's start with the ceramic business. We believe we're entering the ceramic market at what we believe is a low point. We believe there's limited downside. There is potential for downside, but we believe there's much more upside in the ceramic business. Before we purchased the company, the company had already reduced its capacity, and they're running today at about 90% of their capacity. So the capacities are aligned with the business as it is today. We believe that we can impact the business positively by reducing their manufacturing costs further, by improving the product mix in the business, by executing best practices and reducing the overhead structures of the business with it. So we think we're buying at right spot. There is some short-term downside, but we think it's limited. And we think we're well positioned with the #1 position in Italy, France and Spain as we go through. The other businesses are further in the north, which don't have as much downside to them. We -- the Pergo business has opportunities with our European business of creating greater efficiencies, of new product introductions and broadening distribution of both businesses and taking costs out of the business as we manage those. It has a big opportunity to improve our position of both businesses as we leverage them together. And you have some of the similar things with Spano. Spano is a board business that is in the same communities as we are almost. And there's opportunities with Spano to reduce the cost structures significantly with synergies that make us more competitive in the piece. The businesses are complementary. They actually have some different focus on their customer base. We'll be able to maximize the productivity of each of the plants by moving products around so we have higher volumes of similar products. And so we believe again that also that we're in a good position to do it. We're going to put more investments in it throw out the high-cost assets in both of the businesses as we combine them together. And we think there's a good potential to be the low-cost provider in the marketplace and maximize our position with the best service in the market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The insulation business, our present plant will be just about fully utilized about the time the new plant comes up. So the new plant will allow us to broaden our distribution and keep growing, which we wouldn't be able to without it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, the European business -- Western Europe is down, could be down as much as 5% to 10% in different categories. The laminate business will be down less and the build and product things with it would be down more. We have a roofing business we talked about. I mean, the roofing business is off more than all of those. What? On the other hand, our U.S. business is growing as well -- the general business is growing, as well as we're expanding our share in various marketplaces. So we think there's big opportunities in the U.S.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that the laminate business over time is going to have a difficult time growing much more than market, and LVT is going to grow at the expense of a lot of things. The laminate business in general sells at lower price points than the LVT at this point, so they should be able to coexist. But LVT, as it grows, will take from a lot of different categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our intention is to grow it with the market and to take share. I think that we're in the right position. We basically focus on the mid- to high-end part of the market. Pergo focuses on the mid to high end. And so all our assets are structured to have high differentiation, to create higher value. And we're really not positioned to participate in the commodity opening price points because we -- our assets are set up differently than those. But that differentiation allows us to bring products to the marketplace that make it difficult for other people to bring the same value propositions. So I think that we'll be able to grow ours, at least with the marketplace, and hopefully that we'll be able to merge the businesses together and create a lot of efficiencies and cost savings.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The 90% was in Europe. And in the short term, we're going to invest some more to improve their efficiencies as well as to be able to improve their mix. And those plans are just -- are still being put together. At this point, we don't own it yet -- as yet, but we're -- we have plans which we'll have to confirm once we get closer to business. You have the Russian business, which is going to have to continue to have additional capacity to support its growth rate, which is in the low -- the high -- 10% or low-teen rate, we think, is the -- we can sustain over some period of time. And so with that, we're going to have to continue investing to support those growth rates. And then the U.S. business, we believe that we can grow the U.S. business and our Mexican business, which we use all the assets to support both of those together. As the U.S. business turns around long term, like we believe, and we can continue to invest in the business, we think that we -- a large part of the business is imported from other countries into the U.S., and we think we can provide greater value to our customers and outgrow the industry by producing more in the United States to support the industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The rug sales showed improvement from quarter 3 to quarter 4. A lot of the business is driven by the very large retailers around the country who are still cautious about consumer demand. And with that, they have actually been pushing the product mix in their stores down to try to have lower retail price points. That's been impacting the industry as well. We have many new initiatives to go into new distribution areas that we haven't focused on as much to grow specific retail categories. We're introducing more fashionable rugs to try to change the retailers' focus on low opening price points and move them towards improving their mix. We've been utilizing new proprietary raw materials to different our products. We expect these things to show some benefit this year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We would expect the 2 to be fairly in line with each other over time. The question's going to be what happens with the European business and when does -- when do we recover those margins. We believe that the other -- the Russian business has potential to be higher margins, and the U.S. business should be in line with ours over time.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Capital expenditures is -- plan is about $300 million going into the year, including Pergo's new capital. It doesn't include new capital for the other businesses which we don't own yet. And there's nothing in there for any restructuring activities at this point. Many investments are going to support growth in the future. New products and expansion is about 40% of that, maybe a little more. It's going into new extrusion capacity in carpet. It's going to start putting in new ceramic capacity, which takes over a year to put in, so it's going into growth for future. It's insulation plant we talked about. And then we're starting to put some investment in to participate in manufacturing LVT that's going in this year. We have cost reduction plans of probably another $70 million, $80 million or more. And then the balance of it, most of it's in different types of maintenance or some small cost production pieces.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. So far this year, it's difficult to read the carpet side because of 2 things. One is the price increase last year and timing of it, and now the new price increase. You have pre-buys and stuff going on last year at different times in the year, so it's difficult to read. In general, we see, so far this month, it's trending about as we expected through the period of time. We're seeing increases as we go through the period, and we think they'll be -- they're consistent with our estimates going forward that we have built into our earnings.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The remodeling piece, at the moment, I have to say that we haven't seen a significant upturn in it at this point. Our expectations are that as economy and people keep working more and based on the indicators that we see, that people will start spending more. But I can't say that it's taken off yet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends in Europe are still difficult. We started this year, and the weather was more difficult than the first part of January, which had a negative impact on sales. We also had -- in our business, we had some price increases last year, which created a pre-buy in January that affected the comps, so it's making it a little difficult for us to see. I can tell you that the trends are still negative across the business. We talked about somewhere between 5% and 10% across the different business categories with some better and some worse. The attitudes of our people are that they feel a little better about things going on. It looks like that the banks are keeping liquidity in the business over there, and we're hoping it's near the bottom. We'll all get to see.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Russia, business continues strong. The Russian economy continues good. And the building industry, there's a shortage of housing. And so it continues to go. So we're looking for a strong Russian market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone joining us. We believe we're well positioned going into 2013. We believe that the acquisitions that we've put in place will benefit us greatly over the long term. And we're well positioned to take advantage of what's going on in the United States. Thank you very much for joining us.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank H. Boykin: Michael, on the unallocated corporate expense, it's in the corporate elimination -- and eliminations segment. I think we've historically run about $25 million, and I would expect to have that same run rate this year for the corporate and eliminations segment. And then on the tax rate for the full year, we're estimating around a 20% tax rate for the full year.
Frank H. Boykin: Let me start from an overview of what happened. The mix during 2012 began improvement. It improved because of the growth in premium products. It got improved because of the shift from -- to soft product and carpet. And it also had a shift in carpet tile -- the greater carpet tile from broadloom all improved the mix within the business. The margins, we believe, are sustainable, and we believe we'll continue to see improvements because we believe there'll be continued mix improvement this year. We have a lot of things that are still working on productivity and cost savings. We also expect some sales growth initiatives, which should all grow the margins this year from last year.
Frank H. Boykin: So as Jeff said, we've got a lot of things we're working on here and expect improvements. It's going to take some time. However, for the full year, we still are expecting slight accretion from this. And it really was not a drag on our first quarter in the estimate we gave for the first quarter. It was not a drag on the earnings.
Frank H. Boykin: And we've made pretty good progress, Mike, I think, over the last 2 years, 3 years of improving margins, as Jeff said, through mix and productivity improvements and initiatives. And as we've said before, our goal is to get those margins back up to the high single-digit range where they were before we went into this recession. And we think with volume and some improvement in mix, we can get back there. Meanwhile, we're going to continue to work on improving the mix and taking out costs.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes. And I'll just add a couple points there, too. In Marazzi, if you look at sales, shipments actually made into Italy and into Spain, it represents a little bit less than 20% of the total Marazzi business right now. And then secondly, I think you had asked about the French insulation plant. And that insulation business is a -- about a EUR 1 billion business over in Europe, and it's actually growing because of energy requirements by the European governments over there. And it's got limited areas that we can sell it in before we start to run into distribution costs that are too high. So the opportunity to grow there is more growing with the industry as we expand out geographically.
Frank H. Boykin: I think if you looked at our North American business, it's -- the growth there was strong compared to the European business, stronger.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, you're right, it does not include Marazzi. It includes our legacy business in Mohawk and it includes Pergo. Marazzi, we've not finished all of the purchase accounting and step-up for the assets, so we don't have a number going forward. I can tell you, though, that their historical depreciation and amortization ran about $75 million annually. But it will increase. That number will increase once we complete the purchase accounting.
