Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Today we'll update you on the company's progress during the second quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the third quarter and the full year. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales -- we had net sales of $2,048,000,000 during the quarter, which grew 4% as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had growth in all segments, with stronger performance in the ceramic and laminate segments. Our gross margin was 28.1% as reported, or, excluding restructuring, 28.4%, which is up 70 basis points over last year. We had higher productivity, lower cost in acquisitions that drove this improvement. SG&A dollars were $353 million, with 17.2% of net sales. On a pro forma basis, excluding restructuring, SG&A dollars actually declined. Cost-cutting continued to improve results, allowing reinvestment back into the business. Restructuring charges for the quarter were $11 million and included $7 million in cost of goods sold and $4 million in SG&A. We estimate there will be $38 million in additional restructuring in the second half of 2014 as we continue to integrate our acquisitions. Our operating income margin was up 160 basis points to 11.4% for the quarter. Interest expense was $21 million and improved over last year due to our ratings upgrade and our entry into the commercial paper program. Recently, we announced that we will purchase $200 million of our outstanding January 2016 bonds, using commercial paper to fund the repurchase. Currently, we have $900 million of bonds at 6 1/8% coupon outstanding. We'll pay approximately $17 million in a make-whole premium during the third quarter to buy the bonds, realizing some cash savings. This will reduce interest expense by $4 million in the second half of 2014 and $11 million in 2015. Our income tax rate was 24% for the quarter and compares to 21% last year. We expect our full year tax rate to be 22%, with approximately 20% in the second half. However, timing of deductions could impact quarters differently. Earnings per share excluding charges came in at $2.21, up 20% from last year, an all-time quarterly record for Mohawk. We turn to the segments. In the carpet segment, sales were $780 million, up slightly over 1% during the quarter. We've seen growth from new products in both residential and in commercial. Our operating income excluding charges -- the operating income margin excluding charges was 8.1%, up 100 basis points compared to last year, with productivity increases supporting the higher margins. In our ceramic segment, sales were $797 million, a 5% improvement. We had growth in all regions around the world, with our largest improvement in Mexico. The Marazzi acquisition continues to benefit top line, as well as bottom line results. Operating income margin, excluding charges, in the ceramic segment was 13.4%. That's up 180 basis points due to volume, productivity and mix, which offsets start-up costs from one of our plants. In the laminate and wood segment, sales were $501 million, up 6% over last year. Sales were up 3% on a constant exchange rate basis, as the euro benefited our results. Operating income, excluding charges, was 14.3% of sales. That's up 170 basis points, with acquisitions and cost reductions driving higher profitability. In the corporate segment, we had an operating loss of $8 million and are estimating a $30 million number for the full year. If we jump to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1,262,000,000. Our days sales outstanding for the quarter were 52 days, and that compares favorably to last year. Inventories ended the quarter at $1,645,000,000. Our days inventory outstanding were 109 days. We were impacted by slower -- a slower rebound in demand and some larger customers adjusting inventory levels. We expect to improve our inventory turns in the second half of this year. Our fixed assets ended the quarter at $2,830,000,000 and included capital expenditures of $128 million, with depreciation and amortization of $84 million. We estimate that capital expenditures for the full year will be $550 million, primarily for capacity expansion and to continue expanding -- or assimilating our acquisitions. D&A is estimated for the full year at $350 million. And the long-term debt ended the quarter at $2.4 billion, with leverage at 2.1x debt-to-EBITDA. We expect the ratio to improve to 1.7x by the end of the fourth quarter. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Frank H. Boykin: And then Stephen, I'll just address your last -- the last part of your question regarding incremental margins. We don't expect the incremental margins that we've talked about in the past to change. It will add to the profit dollars. But that 20%, 25% and 30% margins that I gave you for the carpet, tile and laminate businesses we think are going to stay in that same ballpark.
Frank H. Boykin: And with regards to how much additional debt and our leverage. As you know, in the past, what we've done is we've, as we've bought companies, we've levered up. And then as we've integrated them and generated cash, we've brought our debt and our leverage down. And that would continue to be our strategy. We're at about 2.1x debt-to-EBITDA right now, and we could go up maybe to 3x, somewhere around there.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, so I would say the bigger driver this year -- you're right, last year, mix was a big driver. The bigger driver this year in margin improvement is productivity improvements, cost control, both in manufacturing and in SG&A. And then mix, probably, with a little bit of headwind. We had some volume improvement that helped us in the quarter, a little bit, but volume improvement helped us in the quarter as well.
Frank H. Boykin: We don't have those numbers here in front of us. There will be some more restructuring that Jeff talked a little bit about, continuing through 2015 on some of the work that we're doing. So there will be some more charges tomorrow -- or next year.
Frank H. Boykin: So Stephen, I would say, the increase in restructuring that you saw in the second half is really some activities that we maybe pulled out of next year and put into this year in terms of restructuring for these acquisitions. It really doesn't change in terms of our savings, synergies et cetera that we thought we would have at the beginning of the process and where we are right now. If you looked at the total number, I'd say the total hasn't changed, the parts and pieces probably have. We never end up with what we start out thinking. But we -- I would say that in terms of the total numbers that we talked about a year ago that those haven't changed.
Frank H. Boykin: No. No, no, we didn't do that. We didn't pull earnings out of next year and put them into this year. We're just -- we're moving more quickly on some of the activities.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. During the period, we once again demonstrated our ability to deliver earnings growth through sales improvement, productivity initiatives and leveraging acquisitions. In each of our segments, we're optimizing the efficiency of our operations, the advantages of our leading market positions, the breadth of our distribution and the strength of our brands to grow our business. We anticipate that our sales will strengthen as we move through the second half of the year, supported by continued U.S. job creation and improved economic growth. We continue to take appropriate action to pass through raw material and freight increases, as required. We're improving efficiencies in manufacturing, logistics and administrative functions, and we continue to consolidate operations as needed to reduce costs and improve service. In the third quarter, we anticipate further improvement in the U.S. market, with limited growth in our -- in the European and Russian markets. With these factors, our guidance for the third quarter earnings is $2.38 to $2.47 per share, and for the full year, $8.09 to $8.25 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. We remain committed to enhancing Mohawk's results and we are optimistic about the improvement of the floor covering industry and our participation in it. We continue to bring innovation to our products and processes to expand our revenues and margins. The integration of our acquisition continues to reduce costs and improve our market position. We continue to pursue acquisition opportunities where we can leverage our knowledge, resources and capital. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, one thing, you have to look at the annual margin, which we were talking about rather than the quarterly since we have seasonal variation through it. So we're still aiming in those ranges as we think on an annual basis.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We always have initiatives to control our cost and improve them. What we expect is the per sale will be down going forward and the dollars will be up somewhat in the prior -- for the rest of the year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we think that the U.S. market is going to improve in the second half. The question is, it can improve a little or a lot. We don't know at this moment, which is the reason we give you a range as we go through. We believe that it's going to improve from where it is. We were more optimistic about it going into the second quarter. And as we went through, it didn't rebound as much as we thought so we've modified our view of the second half slightly because of it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we've said was that we were going to expand the distribution of our high-end Karastan brand more. The high-end Karastan brand, we treat differently. We make sure that we find the right retailers who can sell better quality products, and we're expanding that base, is what we meant to say.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think I might have to sort of talk you through the different pieces because they're all a little different. Pergo... the Pergo integration is substantially complete at this time. With the European manufacturing is basically shut down, and now put in our plants. We went through start-up costs in getting them together as we go through. So we're manufacturing the products there. The new product line is in place so we anticipate having more productivity improvement in our old plant because it had all the different changes going on in it. In the U.S., we're also substantially complete. But we're putting new equipment in, that's being installed this period, which will enhance our capacity, as well as improve our efficiencies. Marazzi U.S., we have integrated it with the Daltile organization. Organization structures are set up and working. And basically, the big pieces, going forward, are to optimize the product alignment by plant and keep continuing to optimize the distribution of both brands through the marketplace. In Europe, we have put a new strategy in place, the organization's in place. We have been improving the costs. We have new equipment, and some of it's just going in this period and it will continue to go in one line after another because we're operating as we change, all the way through 2015. The new equipment will allow us to reduce our costs, as well as improve our mix further. Just as a comment, in our ceramic business, we're not trying at the moment to drive top line growth. The focus is on driving margins through the changes in mix and reducing the costs until we get the business performing the way we want it to. In Russia, the focus in Marazzi is just to improve the organization's strength. And we've made progress in expanding into DIY and new construction businesses, which is helping us actually increase our sales in a marketplace that's under a lot of pressure. And we continue to introduce new products. And we really have a differentiated product strategy, which is giving us higher margins in Russia than the competition and allowing us to outperform the competition. The last acquisition is the Spano acquisition, which we've already integrated. The sales, the management, the systems are all complete. At this point, we have one manufacturing line that's been closed -- one plant that's been closed, and we're in the middle of closing another plant as we speak. All the changes with the acquisitions are on track. We think they're on-plan to achieve what we want. We think there's more opportunities in the margins and the sales top line as we go forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We made huge progress, as we just talked about the acquisitions. Our balance sheet is in good position, as Frank went through the ratios before, which allows us to pursue acquisitions. I think the management is in position to take on other things, and the balance sheet surely is. We continue to assess opportunities around the world. But you don't have them until you conclude, which you never know when and how that's going to go along. Acquisitions are a core part of our long-term strategy and we believe we are highly competent in bringing them in and putting them together.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you go back over the history of our industry, it tends to be slow from about the first part of January, December because you can't get it in before Christmas. It tends to stay there until you come out. It starts picking up in February, March. And it tends to run fairly level all the way through the rest of the year down. And then the things that have impacted it lately, the economy impacts it. So I don't see a dramatic change in seasonality other than the normal things that we go through.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In our own business, I can only answer that we're seeing the normal seasonality. It just didn't jump like we expected it to jump from our thesis in the first quarter [ph]. It still improved as we went from first quarter to second quarter, it's just that we thought that the category would have picked up more than it did.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends we're seeing are, as we said, is that the second quarter wasn't as good as we said, but it is better. We're anticipating the third quarter and the fourth quarter to improve from here.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess what we evaluated -- there's a lot of things we put together in trying to estimate the future. We get input from our own people, what they're seeing. We get input back from our customers, how optimistic they are about it. We watch the trends that we're doing. And we believe we're going to see an improvement of it. We're not expecting it to jump through the ceiling, but we think it's going to improve, and we'll find out.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, going back to the second quarter, somewhere between 1% and 2%. We had expected to grow probably 1% to 2% more than it actually did. And we've taken that into account as we've estimated the future.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, first is that we spent the last few years upgrading our organizations, changing some of our strategies and -- both from a product standpoint and a sales standpoint to improve our margins, which we knew we had to do. Those things continue and haven't changed. The margins in the business, we have hundreds of productivity things going on at all points in time. We're very structured in how we identify them and execute them through the business. It improves both our quality as well as our cost in the different pieces. We have -- with the changes we've made, we put -- the majority of our people, we consolidated together in a single building so that we could communicate better. It allowed us to actually reduce the number of staff that we've had. We've become more focused on making sure that we don't do a large number of initiatives with the very -- the initiatives that have the most benefit. So we've reduced the number of activities but put the focus on ones that have higher value to the business and to our customers. All those things continue to pay off in how we go to market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As we grow our share in the mid to -- as we grow our business in the mid to lower end, it's going to impact the mix a little bit.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are participating more aggressively in the polyester market. But with that, we still improved our margins in the total business by about 15%. The polyester market should continue to grow. We don't see the growth in the category slowing down and we are -- we have introduced products and we've invested in our manufacturing facility, and so we make it at competitive prices in the marketplace. But again, the margins in the lower price point products are typically lower-than-average, but not unusual for those price points which we've always participated in.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we probably did a little better in the residential piece. We probably did a little worse in commercial because we were still concluding the transition that we had. And then your comment about the exit of my competitor, we really haven't gotten any benefit because they had a huge amount of inventory they had to push through the system as they exited the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting -- our rug business did improve in quarter. We're expecting it to continue improving. We have introduced more differentiated products using our raw material strategies to differentiate them in the marketplace, and it's also improving our mix. So we're assuming that -- we believe we're going to have improvement of it over the next 6 months or a year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There was some more promotional activity in the period as both retailers tried to drive traffic into their stores and as manufacturers tried to even out the capacities with the sales that are going on. It's hard to break it apart to tell what impact it had. You know the end result was that the industry didn't increase as much as we had hoped. It's difficult to tell what the government policies, tax changes and a lot of other things also had on the individual consumers.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Oversimplified, about 65%, 70% of our business is based in the U.S., and the others, in the -- other marketplaces. Each of the markets are a little different. We're expecting the U.S. business to improve more in the near term than our European business or our Russian businesses. Our Mexican business in ceramic is doing well. As we spent the money 2 years ago or more to put in new capacity, we've changed our product lines, so it's growing at significant rates. We think these trends will be in each place. As we talk about the acquisitions, each one is a little different. The European ceramic business, we're really focused on driving margins and in changing their mix and cost structures. And that will continue over the next 1, 1.5 years. The Russian marketplace is going to be -- is suffering a little bit. And I think we're well positioned because we're positioned as the style and design leader in the marketplace. As well as owning the distribution and having over 300 franchise stores, helps us push products through the marketplace. So I think we're going to gain share. But the profitability of the business, we're going to give up a little as the market gets a little tougher. But we use that to gain share over the next 6 months, is our plan. And the real big opportunity is how much is the U.S. going to increase? And I think we have a pretty good estimate of it. It could be a little better, it could be a little worse as we go through the year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all of those. The acquisition thesis, we continue to adjust the organizations as we've put them together. And as we move through it, we continue to make adjustments in them. At the same time, we talked a minute ago about the carpet management organization, we consolidated into a single building, which was spread out over a lot them. And in doing so, we were able to reorganize it, but it also got the benefit of the last 1 or 2 years of changing systems and processes, so we actually reduced the SG&A there. We continue to look at our sales organization and make sure we're maximizing the pieces, and we constantly adjust the sales strategy in order to get the products to market. And it's in all the businesses. In the Spano acquisition in Europe, we've gone to a single sales force, where we just have 2 in each of the businesses. And we've done the same thing in other areas as we go through. We continue to challenge the methods we go to market, and we try to find better ways of controlling the costs and SG&A on an ongoing basis.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all of those. Basically, the production in the U.S. is being imported from China. So there's going to be capacity put in the U.S. and there's going to be a battle that goes on between moving it into the U.S. marketplace. Usually, local production, if it's put up in the right capacity, can compete because of its flexibility in the marketplace, and -- if you can have it at the right price. So the question is going to be with the capacity coming on, there's multiple ways of making this stuff. There are going to be different strategies of equipment. There's going to be different strategies of go-to-market. There's going to be different capabilities in style and design. And we're starting out at -- our third [ph] plant's being put up in Europe, we're going to use it to supply some of the stuff here. This European plant, by the end of the year, should be operating. And then the question's going to be, when do we put up the second one and the third one in our different regions which we participate in. While that's going on, we are importing product and selling it into all the different marketplaces. And we think we're getting ourselves positioned properly.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the quality pieces, there is some improvement in the higher end of the business. And so there is some mix improvement from it. However, at the same time, the new construction of moderate homes is also growing, which tends to use lower quality product, because they're trying to get the home built for the least cost. So there's a mix thing between them as you go through -- going on. The multifamily business is doing well. It tends to be at the lower, so the average mix through it, I'm not sure, has changed dramatically. But it's because of the growth at the high end and the low end, the middle piece is what's -- hasn't rebounded as much as it should. We're expecting over time for that middle area to improve. I forgot the second part of your question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The marketplace never likes price increases. We are -- have put in and have executed the price increases in the different markets that we have. In the carpet segment, we've increased the prices they are in. We did not change the prices in the commodity part of the carpet business in that one. We had put in price increases in the wood business, where the wood's been going up significantly. And they've been going in. We've put in price increases in different parts of the business as required in all the different product segments. There's also a thing going on with the transportation cost. As the U.S. economy has improved, it's gotten tighter in the transportation. And so we've had to raise the cost of the transportation in all the different product categories also.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The commodity business has always been, and continues to be, low differentiated products, easy to move. And there's always price pressure on the commodity business, when business doesn't reach the levels that you want. No different than anything, and it tends to be in spot deals as you go around. And it's the same thing for all our product categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There is new capacity going into the industry by multiple players. It's been going in over -- sometime over the last couple of years. It's not a new phenomenon. At the same time, all the capacity isn't new to the industry because in some cases, there are other product types that the capacity is going out of the marketplace, creating some needs to offset it as the market changes in customer desires as you go through. At the same time, I think the industry and we are expecting improvement in the volume of the industry, which is going to need more raw materials to support it. Over the last 5 years, there used to be significant amounts of nylon staple in the marketplace, which just about disappeared. There used to be polyester staple, which has declined significantly, almost to 0. And the polypropylene category has also declined. So there's multiple things happening as the capacity is going in to satisfy it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. The European and U.S. flooring businesses, I mean, other than having best practices that you'd put between them, I mean, it's not anything alike. In the European business, we have a small market share. We're focused on the engineered wood. We've been making it in Malaysia and using the Malaysian plant to satisfy the European market, the Asian market and the Australian market. We have purchased a new plant that will make products similar in Eastern Europe and that's going to enable us to expand the business. But we still own very limited share and it's a niche position, and we tend to focus on the mid- to high-end part and we're using our brand to create a premium position within it. In the U.S. business, we have a different strategy, which is made up of an engineered business as well as a solid business. We participate in the breadth of the marketplace in both categories from high to low. And the marketplace is significantly different than it is in Europe.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The -- our business is increasing in both. The solid business tends to be a higher percentage in the new construction business. The raw material costs affect the solid business more. So what happens is you've had a spread of the prices between similar products, and solid and engineered has gotten larger and so it costs more. Over time, it should impact the market share of those because you have to pay a higher price for a similar product as you go through. We think the wood business is -- in flooring, is perceived as one of the aspirational purchases. We think it's got a nice position within the marketplace. However, you're also seeing various alternatives in the ceramic business. The fastest-growing part of it is ceramic planks that look like wood, and it's growing dramatically as you go through. So that's a relative new competitor to it. You have LVT in a marketplace that's getting bigger. It's becoming a competitor to people who want that visual look. And then you have laminate that's been there for a long period of time. So there's a lot of options that are going to play out over the next few years.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess we're surprised from our category that there hasn't been a larger rebound in the remodeling business. We would have thought as the -- historically, as the consumer gets more confident, they start spending more money on their home. And we just haven't seen the rebound because it -- we have seen it, but not to the extent that we would have. The new home business, we're all looking at the same numbers. And I guess we were surprised that the new home sales, the building, relative to what it was, we thought it would be higher than it is. And the question is, is it a momentary thing or is it going to reverse it? The one thing we're sure of is the long-term needs for new homes is much higher than it is today and, at some point, it's going to have to equalize. Another part of it is the young adults that are coming into the marketplace, they have this overhang of debt that earlier generations didn't have from their education and it may be causing them to postpone what they did into a future point. And then overlaying on top of it is a lot of young people that have gone through this recession and you don't really understand how it's going to change what they purchase and now they act in the future. So there's a lot of variables going on and we'll all get to see how they play out.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Absolutely. One part is the payback has to do with the acquisitions. Upgrading those and integrating them into the business is a portion of it. And then the second piece is that we're -- some of our categories, we're anticipating longer-term growth. And so we're investing in new piece -- new equipment to satisfy that, such as the new plant in Tennessee we're putting up. We've put new lines in Georgia. We've put a new ceramic line in Russia. And so part of it's getting -- to have enough capacity and supply the demand that we see. And then the last part of it is all around taking existing equipment and replacing it with new technology that's better than the old technology, which all gives payback. The paybacks could be anywhere from 2 years to 5 years, depending upon which category it is and what it is. In addition, we have -- like going into the -- LVT is a new business. So that's about $50 million that's going into it this year to get -- to go on a new product category.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting them to have a positive impact. Part of the reason the margins are growing this year as you see them is the investments we made last year and the year before.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look over the entire flooring category, my expectation is that flooring will grow faster than GDP over the next couple of years. In those pieces, as you look at the segment, I would believe that ceramic would be higher than the average. I have laminate and carpet being lower than the average. LVT is a new category, so it's coming from a low base. So it should continue growing because the base is relatively low. And then wood, you have to -- wood depends a little bit on price versus unit. There's been a huge inflation in wood due to the raw materials. So a large part of the wood growth is in price inflation, so if you take that out, I would guess it would be somewhere in the middle.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't really look at it as a percent of the enterprise. What we look at is how we'd maximize each channel that we're in. And we don't have a limitation that says this one needs to be X versus the other one.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Incremental investment. A large part of the -- I have to answer it 2 ways. In some cases, a large part of the assets can be utilized in either/or and then some of the assets are unique to commercial because in some cases there are some differences. So like the plant we're getting ready to put up in Tennessee, some of those assets will be focused on driving commercial business, which is made out of a different body formula than the other so it has some different pieces in them. In some cases, there's some cuts in [ph] technologies that are different but then when you move away from that, there's a huge part of the asset that can flip between either/or as the demand is needed.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: They're not all substitutable. If you look at the average price of laminate versus the average price of LVT, they're really at 2 different price points. LVT is much more expensive. LVT also has a -- probably a large portion of it is going to end up in the commercial business, which a very limited portion of laminate ends up in the commercial business as we go through. So they're not exactly -- the products aren't substitutable, one for the other. I think that LVT is going to take and impact a little bit of a lot of things. I think it's going to impact laminate -- the higher-end laminate piece somewhat. It's going to impact some carpet in some instances where it's substituted for. It may end up as a piece for ceramic but again, the value proposition in each one of these things are different. But if you just look at the total market, I think it's going to take bits and pieces from all of them, including wood.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're thinking that the Russian economy is going to slow further, that the ceramic business is going to decline. That we're going to attempt to take market share in it, and our percentage margins will go down as we do that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we'd probably end up, on a margin piece, maybe flat, given that we're trying to push that up. And then the translation, your guess is as good as mine, I have no idea where the ruble is going to go.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in the commercial -- when we talk about commercial, I have a ceramic business and a carpet business that are all going into the channels in different ways. They tend to go into different places. My ceramic business has been increasing. We have a competitive advantage with the breadth of our offering and thesis as we go through our styling and design. And we've been growing that relative to the marketplace. We believe we can continue growing it. We have some advantages of owning higher ceramic that makes unique things in Italy and in China, that we bring in to support that as we go through to give a much broader offering. The carpet business, we have been lagging as we've changed our entire product line to go through and have a different raw material strategy within it. We think we're at the end of it and we're expecting our business to grow in it. As we look forward, the inputs we're getting back and what we're seeing, we're hopeful that there will be an improvement in it going forward. But again, our view forward is still limited.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have -- in the second quarter, we have 2 things. One is, we started out that we thought -- we had a more optimistic view of what was going to occur, which didn't. On the other hand, it did improve seasonality and continues to improve seasonality-wise. It's hard to read the pieces because there's a lot of -- from week-to-week, it's not a straight line and it makes it harder to read on a short-term basis. The indications we have, we believe that ours will be better.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us. We think we have a strong management team and the right strategy to run our business for the long term. And we are optimistic that the second half will be better and continue to be that way. We appreciate you joining us. Have a nice day.
