Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: 2015 was the best year in Mohawk's history and we expect the momentum to continue this year. We anticipate that the demand trends in our U.S. and international markets will remain consistent with what we've been experiencing. Though growth in Europe is limited and negative in Russia, our international businesses are delivering solid results on a local basis. Our sales and margins should continue to improve over last year as a result of our continued innovations, process improvements and disciplined execution. Our recent acquisitions are progressing with operational market synergy as we anticipated. This year, we will increase investments in our existing businesses to optimize our long-term performance. Taking these factors into account, our guidance for the first quarter is $2.24 to $2.33 per share; that would be a 32% to 37% increase over 2015, excluding any restructuring charges. We have taken many actions to outperform the industry in each of our products and geographies over the past few years and will continue to benefit from those strategies this year. In 2016, we will continue to execute creative product ideas, along with substantial investments to optimize our long-term results. We'll now be glad to answer any questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of them would in the three-year to five-year range, as we go through. Let's just see if I could give you some more color. Between 2015, we've been expanding or upgrading our ceramic in the U.S., Mexico, Europe and Russia. In carpet, we increased our polyester and rug capacity and as well as other process improvements. In LVT, we're adding U.S. and European capacity. We're increasing our engineered wood in the U.S. and Europe. We're upgrading our laminate technology and we're replacing leased assets with own assets. These assets support approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion of sales, based on today's exchange rates. If these investments were a standalone business, they would rank as one of the top flooring companies in the world.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, the market is – the higher-end part of the market is trending to wider and longer planks. Our present manufacturing capacity is close to being fully utilized, so the new capacity will be able to make all the things we have been, plus make wider and longer planks in addition.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, I spent 15 minutes trying to answer that in my opening remarks. In the carpet business, we believe that our focus on new innovative products is expanding our position within the marketplace. We are dramatically cutting the cost structures we have to improve margin in what's going to be a lower growth business. In the rug business, we're going into new product categories that we weren't in, as well as we've introduced new products. In the ceramic business in North America, we're the leader in offering a total broad product line in all categories. We're putting new investments in that allow us to make products that the majority of the people in the United States can't and give us leading positions in style and design. In Mexico, we're expanding from a relatively small base. We had success in filling up a brand-new plant from 2012. And at this moment, we're planning to double the size of that plant again this year to take advantage of our expanding distribution in the marketplace. In Europe, the ceramic business has been limited growth, but through our investments, we've been able to significantly cut the costs, and at the same time, we've been able to bring new product and innovation to the marketplace, which is allowing us to grow in a low-growth market. But our primary objective was we bought the business that was not profitable and expand the margins, but there is some increase in capacity as we go through. The new acquisition with KAI, they have a high position in their market share, in their markets. We're continuing to support them to optimize that business through improving their mix and giving them opportunities to sell product outside their local region with all our other sales and marketing people across the country. The Russian business, we're growing market shares significantly as the market declines. Last year, our volume was flat or up a little bit in a marketplace that was declining significantly. We've been able to do that through we have the leading style and design in the marketplace. We're the best option for high-style product that used to be imported out of Italy, which we can make in there. Our high-end ceramic capacity was fully utilized last year and we're actually increasing our capacity in Russia in a market that's horrible. Is it – at the same time, we're using the strength of our business to increase the distribution into the various channels and optimize our brand. Moving back into the Flooring Rest of the World, our laminate, we focus on medium-to-high in Europe. We have brought unique product innovation to the marketplace, which we started introducing last year; we've extended it this year. We have run out of capacity in that category, which is being installed the 1st of this year so that we can keep growing that, which is very unique. We have multiple brands in the marketplace, which we go after different channels of the marketplace. The acquisition of IVC brought us another brand that's focused on a lower price category than the other ones we have, so we're using it to expand our distribution across the marketplace, but still not in the commodity areas. The wood business, we still have a limited portion of a very large market. And because of that, we have focused on, again, the medium-end to high-end. We have been able to add value to the marketplace. We bought the Ceramic business in Czech two years ago, I think. And it's running full, and we're planning on expanding it to give us opportunities to grow further. The IVC business, we're managing through the changes, and I mean, doing well. As their sales to Russia declined, we put those in the other marketplace. We think we're going to be pushing the limits of the capacity in sheet vinyl. And LVT, the two plants that we have are selling everything they can make. The newer plant, which is the one that we started building before them, they've helped us optimize. And by the middle of the year, we'll increase the capacity by about another 40%. We have plan to put another line in our facilities over there to grow further in the marketplace in LVT. And then we have our other – our insulation board business, we had two plants, so we greenfielded both. The first one has been running at full capacity; the second one is in France. We're adding another shift to it, as we speak. And then we purchased another business that had different geographic presence, as well as slightly different products in it. And then our board businesses, we've spent money consolidating those and increasing the capacity is limited, but it's more like cost savings and closing plants and we should get most of those benefits during this year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: One of the major reasons we were interested in IVC was the technology and leadership they had in the marketplace. So, we had gone into it with one plant and we were working to start it up, and in a limited period of time, with them, we've been able to ramp it up to where it is and the plant is utilizing all we can make and it's expanding further and we believe that we can sell all of that in Europe. In addition, in the United States, the plant that they had constructed, we have significant commitments from people to use the capacity. The market in the U.S. and Europe collectively is growing about 15%. In the U.S., that's about $200 million a year of new capacity coming into the marketplace and we think we're best positioned to provide the products to the marketplace, and we're well prepared to compete with the imported products coming in with higher style and value that's required to compete. At the same time, we believe we can bring better local service to the marketplace; we can bring better product innovation to the marketplace. And we don't have to fight the FX volatility. We believe the market can absorb it and we're going to be the leader in it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes. The industry – two parts, as polyester grows in the industry, polyester is a lower cost option than the other pieces. So as the industry shifts, the industry average price goes down. And then second, as expected, as the raw material prices have declined in the commodity products, the average selling prices have gone down with those and the combined pieces are reducing the average selling prices for the industry and for us. At the same time, we are really focused on bringing differentiated value-added products which we mentioned several in the prior discussions that we're coming to the market with, we did the same thing last year, and we continue in every business we have trying to bring differentiation that the consumer is willing to pay for and differentiates us, so we believe that our average price is better than the industry's.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: When you look across all our different businesses, we are selling higher-end products in all of them: my laminate business, my ceramic business and my carpet business, we're selling higher-end products, and in most of our businesses, our pricing is consistent or growing as an average price point. The carpet part of it, though, due to the other shifts, you have some general shifts going on in it that's pulling the average prices down, which we're also susceptible to.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We are, but I think it's driven by our style and design and innovation. I'm not sure the industry...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: All those investments we went through were to increase our ability to participate in different markets and we expect to use the assets we put in.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we should grow faster than the marketplace, but there is all kinds of shifts going on, like we mentioned in LVT, some of LVT is going to come out of imports, some of my ceramic business is going to come out of imports, some of my laminate is going to come out of import, so the piece between imports and exports that is going on also.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's going to be two parts: one is that you've seen last year, the year before and this year, we keep telling you that our margins are going to increase. So part of it is going to show up in greater efficiencies in the business. The other part is going to come that all these investments I mentioned earlier would have a capacity once they are installed is somewhere around $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, and over the period, I expect to use it. Some of it will take three years or more.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The bigger part of the investments are in salesmen's samples and displays but salesmen's a big part of it. And it takes a while to ramp those up, so we're expecting those to help us through next year. But we didn't expect to see dramatic improvements in the short-term. You have to build the relationships and pieces as you go through and we think it's one of the reasons it's going to help us achieve our goals in 2016.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In prior cycles, the thing that led the downturn always was a reduction in the remodeling business, because it's done as needed and as consumer confidence went down as they got less comfortable with the future, they would postpone remodeling pieces and we haven't seen that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's a lot of moving parts in the business. The major synergies between the business, you have the back end which is the distribution being able to get it from the marketplace through the distribution piece, you have the sales personnel that are helping each other push products into the marketplace, you have innovation ideas that are crisscrossing the business better, and then you also have the ability to use the brands differently across the different pieces as you go through. So we just introduced the Pergo brand into LVT, laminate and wood, which is a new way of getting it to marketplace. So there's all kinds of different ways of helping the business as well as you have just the engineers and the production people passing best practices between the businesses, all help.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think, we started the capacity in 2015 – the capacity that we were at the run rate of 2015 and compared it to where it would be when everything was up and running from the 2015 and 2016 investments, some of which happened within a year and some of it won't get optimized for three years.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: One has nothing to do with the other. Our goal is to have a balanced approach between the two. Our balance sheet we believe could handle another $1 billion or $1.5 billion worth of debt. So I mean, under the right thesis, we're ready to go and acquisitions in addition. But those aren't easy to come by when you want them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on what moments in time you start and stop. On a going forward basis, our present belief is that the raw materials will be relatively stable with 2015, but that's making a lot of assumptions on what's going on. But we think that's going to be – that's our best guess at this point.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The lower oil prices have been impacting the average selling prices of the carpet piece as well as the opening price commodities; by definition commodities are more price sensitive and so, much of that has already occurred.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. Let me clarify it a little bit. The $30 million to $35 million for other installation things is usually the patents we sell is a package. So as one starts and one stops, we have to go out and do things to maintain that $30 million to $35 million; it's not a gimme off the start as we change it. We think that we have the right things in place to execute that. You are correct, we have unique knowledge in how to manage and create value for patents. But having something that's unique, that's saleable, I mean, it's not that easy or everybody would have it. So we think that the $30 million to $35 million is what we know of today; if we come up with more, we know what to do with them when we get them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. The first answer to your question which was an either/or is a yes. And the yes means that in some of my product category – in all my product categories having better design and better features, you can get a premium for which you hear us talking about all the time. On the other hand, by having better looks and different product categories, in my personal view, which I can't say everybody agrees with me, is like wood that sells at higher prices I think that given there's more alternatives for wood, there's a possibility that people use those in place of wood, and those things they're using are lower price, and I have no idea how the mix is going to change between the categories and neither does anybody else. Is it. On the use of our various asset, it is a huge benefit, because all the similar looks are selling in all the different product categories. And we are unique in having capabilities between laminate, wood, vinyl and ceramic that the same technologies and same style and designs fit all of them. And then with the acquisition we have of Marazzi, the Italians with style and design are way ahead of the rest of the world. We use that to apply to every other one, and then I have to tell you, we get ideas from – our Russian business is different than it. They come up with different ideas and we have meetings where we put the different groups together, and they all go about it in different ways and it gives us a unique perspective not only by product, but by worldwide geographies that ideas transfer back and forth, and I think it puts us in a unique position that nobody else can compete with.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The first half will be different than the second half and we tried to give you a way of getting to it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So the $135 million in capital of improvement, some driven by capital and some driven by bright ideas.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let me say it differently. It includes the ideas for how to create different engineering and raw material usage to make things better at advantageous cost across all the different things.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have that number to give you at this minute. There's productivity, I mean, they are all built – they're built into our program, they're not built into yours. The reason we're going to have higher earnings next year and the year after is a combination of all these things. And they are all built into our increasing margins that we talk about. So, we haven't given you a number for those since we only give one quarter forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our first two months in the industry, are really hard to read all the time. We have markets going on that change time. We have a seasonality that consumers want to go through Christmas with spending, and you have the winter weather, the harsher weather and others. So, when we are in the first January, February, it's really difficult to read relative to an ongoing trend. We have to get more through March to see how the thing levels out, because people buy inventory sooner or later, the weather can change the peace. So I mean I can't say we have a good clear view at this minute.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us on our call. We are enthusiastic about our position in the marketplace. And we believe that the market will continue improving from everything that we see. Thank you very much for joining us.
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah, I think that was just timing. I think if you look at our outlook for the – our business both in the U.S., Europe and in Russia, it's going to be more of the same with – here in the U.S., the new residential, continuing to grow nicely, and commercial and remodel also growing, and Europe – Europe showing some improvement as well. And then, Russia, we've got a recession we're dealing with, but they're outperforming the market there.
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah, what I was referring to when I talked about the full year that in the full year, we would have fewer sales, fewer operating – less operating income in 2016 for the full year because of uncollected fees that we got, past due fees that we got in 2015 (43:46).
Frank H. Boykin: Listen, there's two parts to it. One is improvement in the cost structures, the other is top line growth to support and we go through. If you look out over the term, we believe we'll be able to continue growing the margins from year-to-year. However, just like everything else, we have to compete in the marketplace with whatever is changing. We think our cost structures will allow us to do that. In 2016 we're expecting both improvement in the margin percent and the top line and we hope to continue it.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, yes, yes. So our legacy growth in the – and so this is constant exchange rate and constant days. Our legacy growth in the Global Ceramic was up 4%, our legacy growth in Flooring North America was up 3%, and our legacy growth in Rest of the World was up 7%. And on the Rest of the World segment, this was unusually high due to higher laminate wood, LVT and IP sales which we don't think are going to continue.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, in Europe, we just issued some at a zero rate, but it's probably running in the mid single-digits in Europe and then over here I think it's running around...
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah, yeah, it was 6 1/8%. Yeah, we're expecting about $25 million to $30 million in interest savings this year compared to 2015 as a result of what we just talked about.
Unknown Speaker: And, Eric, in the quarter we had for the total company productivity improvements for all three segments of about $35 million. Now a portion of that is from capital that we're investing and a portion of it is from process improvements, but to Jeff's point, we're driving productivity throughout the business with what we're investing back.
Unknown Speaker: I think, just if I could add one more thing to that, we do think that as we move into 2016, our SG&A as a percent to sales will be down compared to 2015% to sales.
Unknown Speaker: And I would just add Bob to that that as we go through the year, each quarter we're expecting to see margin improvements.
Unknown Speaker: Let me just clarify that, Bob. So in each quarter when we compare it to the prior year comparable quarter, we'll see improvement.
Unknown Speaker: Well, so again what we're doing, Kathryn, is comparing how input cost impacted us in this quarter compared to fourth quarter a year ago and that's about $30 million tailwind, which was the same benefit that we saw in the third quarter.
Unknown Speaker: And offset by price/mix, so we had about a negative $10 million price/mix in the fourth quarter, again, comparing where we are at the end of the fourth quarter this year compared to the end of the fourth quarter next year.
