James F. Brunk: Thank you, Alan. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today's call are Jeffrey Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we'll update you on the company's second quarter performance and provide guidance for the third quarter of 2023. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. With that, I'll turn over the call to Jeff, for his opening remarks.
James F. Brunk: Yes. If you look at also the sales inventories in the channel, across our region, customers did reduce inventory, and did become more conservative. We believe most channels have largely aligned with the current conditions.
James F. Brunk: So, from a year-over-year perspective, you heard that certainly inventory is down for the quarter. What is key to us is sequentially from Q1 to Q2, the inventory decreased about $110 million, about 60% of that was volume and 40% was the lower cost. We do anticipate further inventory decreases this year, certainly depending on demand and inflation, but what we're doing is we're keeping the inventory low you get better churn and the plant operations, which helps with that unabsorbed overhead.
James F. Brunk: Yes, if you look at, you’ve to consider the seasonality as well. So, you have certain shutdowns in the third quarter mostly associated with Europe and the shutdowns. And then obviously in the fourth quarter, you will also have a shutdown associated with holidays. Now, in the fourth quarter though, we would expect that the shutdowns would be less than in the prior year.
James F. Brunk: So Keith, if you kind of step back sequentially, if you look Q1 to Q2 inflation or deflation, was about $55 million from Q1 to Q2, which offset the reductions in price and mix of about $36 million, which helped us expand the margins as the cost declined. Now I would expect to see as we go through the second quarter to third quarter also that same phenomena of lower input costs, lower inflation helping offset the price mix again from a sequential standpoint.
James F. Brunk: Yes. Sequentially is what I was focused on is from Q1 to Q2, you saw that from Q2 to Q3, we expect the same to occur. Again, that sequentially, it's very -- yes, it's an interesting year where you looking at sequential changes are actually more important. You can see the flow through quicker at the lower cost material and energy offsetting the pressure on price mix.
James F. Brunk: So, Flooring Rest of the World obviously is most exposed to the European holidays. So, from again sequentially from Q2 to Q3, you would expect to see a margin decline in their business. Global Ceramic has some exposure to Europe, but the largest component and piece of that segment is the U.S. So, margins from Q2 to Q3 could be flat to slightly down. And then in Flooring North America usually Q3 is one of their strongest quarters, so we expect to see margin expansion from Q2 to Q3.
James F. Brunk: No. Energy has started to come down. So, what you're seeing in the third quarter is the flow through of the higher cost inventory that we had.
James F. Brunk: Well, we're very focused on investing to optimize the future of the business. The growth investments that we talked about, they make up about, almost about $250 million of the 2023 budget depending on timing. Maintenance CapEx for the business is roughly $200 million to $250 million as well. Now we're also focused, the balance really is on the quick kind of return projects on cost reductions, our focus on product innovation, and then also some projects on acquisitions. What we were speaking about is now looking forward into next year about being very, I guess, diligent looking at the CapEx budget for next year.
James F. Brunk: Well, in Flooring North America, similar to the other segments, from Q1 to Q2, you're absolutely right. We started to see sequentially the benefit of the lower costs coming through not only raw materials, but in energy as well. In our view of Q2 to Q3, we still see some of that maybe a slower pace sequentially, but you still get a benefit we’re lower cost and raw material, energy and also freight, as you look in the U.S. as well. So, those are the assumptions around Flooring North America.
James F. Brunk: Yes. So, John, you kind of asked two different time periods there. So, let me tackle sequentially first. So again, sequentially, from Q1 to Q2, we benefited where you had lower cost versus the impact of lowering price and mix. I would expect a similar occurrence albeit, maybe a less impact, but similar occurrence in Q2 to Q3 and also in Q3 to Q4. Again, that's sequentially. Now year-over-year, you're absolutely right. What we've said is that, we have a tailwind in the back half of the year, again, year-over-year from lower materials and lower energy. But price mix and the pressure on both will continue in the third and fourth quarter. A gap from a year-over-year perspective will close by the end of the year, but it will still exist, premise from a little bit.
James F. Brunk: Now, these actions are really focused around headcount reductions, as you said, in both administrative and manufacturing functions along with some consolidation of distribution points. So, most of that cash is, will occur in the third, fourth quarter of this year.
James F. Brunk: If you're speaking about it from a year-over-year perspective, that is a correct statement. The benefit and the lower cost compared to the pressure on price and mix that differential will lessen. We anticipate as we move through the balance of the year. That's why Mike, I think, sequentially is so important to look at because you see more in real time the benefit of the lower cost offsetting the impact of price mix.
James F. Brunk: Well, Mike, it really, first of all, it depends on that demand cycle, what we talked about from a fourth quarter perspective, yes, you'll have seasonally lower production with Christmas vacations. The industry volume though maybe at a bottom, though pricing pressure could continue. Higher cost inventory by then should relatively be consumed as, Chris, indicated earlier. We do have a bump as you well heard and seen on new home construction, which could help us increased flooring sales. We have the restructuring that's going to benefit our cost structures. And last year, as I noted earlier, we included much more shutdowns than normal. So, that should help us in the fourth quarter as well.
James F. Brunk: Yes. So, as we said before, it's about $15 million to $20 million per quarter. The government did stop it at the end of the second quarter, but it will flow through my inventory into my P&L. So, I'll get some benefit at a lower level in Q3 and then by Q4, it's basically gone.
James F. Brunk: So let me kick that off. Mike, so you're absolutely right. The benefit from a year-over-year perspective, should peak in terms of this year, should peak in the fourth quarter. That's why I said the gap will close significantly between the inflation and price mix. It's very difficult at this point to say it’s going to be flat, slightly negative, but we'll have to see as the pricing evolves and the mix over the balance of the year. But certainly, the inflation gets or the lower costs flowing through the P&L gets much more substantial in the fourth quarter.
James F. Brunk: It's fairly split between Q3 and Q4. I would say by the run rate, you're correct, you will see it as we get through Q4.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thanks, Jim. Mohawk’s second quarter net sales were $2.95 billion, down approximately 6.4% as reported or 9.6% on a constant and legacy basis, primarily due to continued pressure on residential remodeling across all of our regions. Our adjusted EPS was $2.76, as our margins across the enterprise expanded sequentially due to seasonal improvement, increased production, productivity initiatives and lower input costs. We generated over a [$145 million] (ph) of free cash flow during the quarter, further strengthening our financial position. Typical of housing recessions, higher interest rates and inflation are significantly impacting flooring sales around the world. To manage, we are selectively investing to increase sales and reducing expenses by enhancing productivity, consolidating distribution points and improving administrative efficiencies. In the quarter, we initiated restructuring and integration actions that will save $35 million annually at a cost of approximately $17 million. We anticipate approximately half of the estimated savings should be realized in the current year, partially offsetting the weak residential remodeling activity. In addition, we are limiting future capital investments to those delivering significant sales, margin and operational improvements. In all our regions, we are taking actions to increase sales, including promotions, retailer incentives and selective product launches. The integration of our recent acquisitions is progressing, as we combine strategies and enhance their manufacturing and product offering. While managing lower market demand, we're preparing for the rebound that historically follows cyclical declines in our industry. Our LVT, premium laminate, quartz countertop, porcelain slab and insulation, manufacturing expansion should deliver the greatest growth as the market recovers. Across our regions, we continue to see stronger results in the commercial sector than in residential. Residential remodeling remains the industry's greatest headwind due to lower home sales and deferred improvement projects. We believe channel inventories have declined and could be at a bottom. Price competition is increasing with declining industry volume, mix and input costs. In the U.S, the housing markets remain under pressure due to limited supply, high interest rates and continued inflation. Existing homeowners are not moving at historical levels to maintain their low mortgage rates. In Q2, new home starts increased to 1.45 million, showing the first quarterly increase since the beginning of last year. We believe the trend in housing starts will continue and will positively impact flooring shipments in the future. In our regions, home sales and remodeling are also declining due to inflation and interest rates. In Europe, energy prices have continued to climb though persistent inflation in other categories is limiting consumer remodeling. In the quarter, we benefited from the lower energy prices that flowed through our P&L. Our investments in biomass, solar and wind energy production reduce our operational expenses and carbon footprint, positively impacting our performance. During the second quarter, the Italian government provided energy subsidies at a reduced level, and the program will not be continued. In May, USA Today write Mohawk is one of America's businesses that made the greatest reductions in the global emissions over the past three years. Mohawk was the only flooring company recognized reinforcing our position as a global leader in sustainability. Earlier this month, we announced that Bernard Thiers, will be stepping down as President of Flooring Rest of World next year, and will continue with the company in a Senior Advisory role to support a smooth transition. Bernard has made many important contributions to the success of the business since we acquired Unilin in 2005. He has led the Flooring Rest of World segment for the past 14 years, and delivered profitable growth by expanding our product offering, entering new geographies and bringing new product innovation to the market. I'm proud of the exceptional team that, Bernard, has assembled across this segment. Wim Messiaen, will be joining Mohawk in October after he completes his contractual notice period. He'll become, President Flooring Rest of World, on February 1. Wim has more than 30 years of leadership experience with multinational packaging, building products and flooring manufacturers in Europe, Asia and Australia. He has considerable experience driving both growth organically and through acquisitions. Wim will complement our strong leadership team with a passion for innovation, strong customer focus and a commitment to sustainability. Jim, now cover our financial performance for the second quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our second quarter performance reflected the positive impact of the many initiatives we're executing across our business. We're managing the current market conditions while preparing for the rebound in demand that follows cyclical downturns. Central banks have raised interest rates to reduce inflation and are signaling additional rate hikes are possible. In the U.S., we have seen a rise in builder confidence and housing starts will increase our residential new construction business. We expect the commercial sector to outperform the residential category through this year, even with continued weakness in the office category. Though employment remains strong, remodeling and existing home sales are being delayed due to limited housing availability, higher interest rates and inflation. Historically, when the economy recovers, these postponed remodeling projects fuel greater industry growth. Our new restructuring initiatives could save $35 million per year, and our recent acquisitions will add greater benefit to our results as we optimize their performance. In this competitive market, we expect continued pressure on pricing and mix, partially offset by the flow through of lower material and energy costs. Our third quarter seasonally weaken due to summer holidays, lower consumer spending and lower production in Europe. Given these factors, we anticipate our third quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.62 and $2.72, excluding any restructuring, acquisition and other charges. At Mohawk, we are taking the necessary steps to manage today's challenges while preparing for tomorrow's opportunities. When central banks shift their focus to a more balanced approach, our business will accelerate as the industry recovers. In all our regions, housing is in short supply, aging homes are in need of remodeling and businesses will invest to grow in more favorable conditions. These factors will create higher growth for flooring, and our investments in capacity expansions and our recent acquisitions will further enhance our results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess as you look at the cycles, what happens is, as we go through these downturns, all the activity is postponed. Our product category of flooring nothing has to be replaced as it -- from either breaking or anything else. So, when people get uncomfortable, it gets postponed. This cycle though, is not really typical of the other ones, as you go through. What we believe is that, when central banks change to a more balanced approach, you'll see all the pent-up demand from these postponed purchase is coming through, and that will expand the volume. At the same time, the mix improves. As retail increases, the retail channel tends to have higher margins because customers pick higher value products and it's most affected now. So as that terms you get an increase in it, And then the use of the asset goes up and reduces the cost per unit and the margins expand at the same time. This time, we think also that our new investments and expansion will allow us to increase the categories of the business that are growing the most. And we should see, acquisitions help us position us, as we come out of this because we should have them integrated about the time the thing starts coming together. So, we're optimistic about the long-term.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're hoping it's at a bottom, is that consumers when they have inflation and they start to manage their budgets, again, our category is more postponed-able the most. So, we're hoping it's going to get better, but I can't say that we've seen it yet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We had expected when we came out of the first quarter that the decline in energy prices which was a huge burden on the consumer that we had expected it to come down and that consumer would be positively impacted. At this point, we haven't seen the demand in flooring reflect that. Like here, there are more vacations being taken and other things experiences they're doing. But in our category, we haven't seen an improvement yet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, it's being caused by the low utilization rates, in a different depending on geography and product category. To remind you, the industry, all the different pieces are tend to be highly capital intense with high fixed cost. So, the participants tend to try to maximize volume to cover the overhead. With the energy and material arc declining, and we're tending to pass through the majority of that to the customers. At the same time, you have a mix change that's going on. As we've said before the retail, has higher margins and as the retails declining more, it's impacting the margins and average prices as well.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, to begin with, we're hoping that the demand is maybe at a bottom for the cycle. But as you said, the cycle is not exactly typical of prior ones. Unusual to have the employment remaining strong and our category be so pressured which it is this time. The whole housing market is totally different than prior ones. And so you see right now, the housing is starting to -- the new starts are going up. It's going to take four to nine months for us to see that depending upon which house and how long it flows through before we see that. On the longer term side, when people's confidence, historically the consumer confidence is also a good indicator of when they start spending more money, because as that goes up, they'll start taking these postponed projects that they have and doing them. So far, the commercial is still holding up. We're assuming it's going to weaken as we go through the fall, but we'll have to see how it goes. So, far the index of the billing index for architects doesn't show it declining yet, but we're anticipating it's going to get weaker.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First, I don't think I'm capable of calling the term. I don't know when it’s going to happen. It will happen. It usually follows the interest rates peaking and I'm starting to fall. And I don't know if that's going to happen at the end of this year or sometime in the next year, anywhere in between. With that, the next year, all of the things you mentioned is right. We should have as we talked about before, the volume should jump significantly. Usually, you have a significant increase in the industry volume making up for the decreases that we've had as you come out. We think the margins will expand in all the businesses. Typically, the sales also go up further because our suppliers start raising our costs and we pass those through. So, those help the top line further. And you have an expansion of the volume and expansion of selling prices and then you have the margins expanding as the leverage in the businesses go. This time, we also have more capacity in what we think are going to be the high growth areas for our business. And then again, we should have there's going to be very limited accretion in the acquisitions until the business turn, but when it turns, we should have the costs take out, we should have restructured the product portfolios and those should be ready to expand. So, we're expecting a significant improvement as we come out of this.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Sure. So in the U.S., you have which -- the declining import prices, which affect both LVT and ceramic. So, those are moving down and we're adjusting as we have to do those. Some of that is impacting our margins as we have higher cost inventory. In our European business, our ceramic businesses had been at very low levels to the marketplace, is getting very aggressive trying to run the assets that are there. So, the market pricing there is under pressure. And, our flooring business in Europe, it's more of a mix problem than a pricing problem. On the other hand, you have growth in the lower cost product categories. So, we're putting people down rather than lowering prices. And then our panels and installation businesses tend to go up and down with the material and energy prices and those are being passed through as they occur.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're also as we've said before anticipating commercial that weakened somewhat as we go through the year. That we'll have to see, hopefully, we're wrong.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But the energy prices have continued to drop without those. So, they were making up for high energy costs, so the energy costs have dropped substantially. So, the difference will not be dramatic.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It is stopping product from coming in they seem to be doing it on an individual business supplier base, they keep adding to it over time. It has stopped shipments from coming in. We in particular stop hours. It's impacted our service level on existing sales and it's also impacted our new product introductions, which got stopped. It is difficult to tell how it's going to evolve.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, they are all true as the utilization of the factories goes up, that will reduce the fixed overhead costs. Usually, the productivity of the plants also increases as well. We usually get leverage in the sales cost as well as it all turns. And then somewhere along the line as it goes in, we'll start raising prices as our suppliers start trying to expand their margins as we go forward. So all those things occur.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I first have to go back to other cycles. I've never seen a cycle where the commercial business didn't fall off and it usually falls off about a year after the other one. So it's possible you get through this without it, but hard to believe. So there is some indications of some weakening new projects being started in it and new orders. So we're going to have to see how it evolves. There's a chance to keep going through it. But at least in our expectations, we're assuming there's going to be some weakening show up.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Right now in the second quarter, the price mix was unfavorable from a year-over-year perspective and the largest part in the second quarter was in Flooring North America and LVT with the pricing declines driven by imports.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, if you back up a little bit, so we announced in 2022 and Q2 and Q4 restructuring actions that should say as we go through this year into next about $60 million that was mainly split between Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World as they took out higher cost assets around reducing work production, phasing out the residential flexible LVT in Europe as well as some other initiatives. And then this current action that we just announced is fairly spread between Flooring North America And Global Ceramic.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of the retailers have been able to go through the last year, they were able to pass through the costs, they were able to pass through the higher labor installation rates. And in some cases, many of them their margins expanded. So for the most part, most of them are in fairly good shape at this point.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Usually in these environments, we're lowering prices in reaction to the marketplace and people start taking -- trying to take isolated pieces and increasing their share. And then as you would suspect, the other participants are trying to hold their share. So, typically as prices decline, we pass through much of the lower cost to our customers as we're all trying to run assets.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think it's probably typical. The difference will be in Europe. You have a much lower environment. And so I think in Europe, it might be more aggressive than historical. But also the costs were up higher, much higher in Europe too, see in both dynamics.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us. We are focused on managing the short-term and we think we're well positioning the business to maximize the long-term growth and earnings. Thank you again.
