Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. After five consecutive years of record earnings, 2018 proved more difficult than we anticipated with inflation increasing dramatically, luxury vinyl tile impacting other U.S. flooring products and most of our markets slowing. In this environment, we selectively invested approximately $1.5 billion to enhance our long-term performance, primarily in new product categories and geographies with greenfield projects and acquisitions, cost saving initiatives and buying back shares. Our industry has faced periods with volatile costs and shifts in consumer preferences before and we have always navigated through them to emerge stronger and a more competitive position. And 2018 inflation in the U.S. was primarily driven by increasing material costs, escalating transportation and energy costs and constrained chemical supply. The tight U.S. labor market increased employee turnover, which impacted both efficiencies and training costs. Our ability to offset these pressures was hindered by continuous inflation, more competitive imports due to a stronger dollar and substitution of LVT for other alternatives. In the U.S., LVT is taking share from other flooring and it will become a significantly larger part of our portfolio. Our LVT manufacturing and import strategies are progressing and our margins will improve in the future. In the U.S. and Europe we are adding more talent to our LVT operations to increase our production, efficiency and differentiation in 2019. While we are managing through these conditions, we are enhancing the long-term value of our business. In 2018, we acquired leading flooring companies in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil. And in Europe, two flooring distributors and a specialized mezzanine company. We entered the European porcelain slab and carpet tile markets. We expanded our higher-quality ceramic in Eastern Europe and initiated sheet vinyl production in Russia and quartz countertop manufacturing in the United States. Much of the benefit from these capital investments will be realized in 2020 and beyond, as we achieve higher volume, mix and productivity. Turning to the fourth quarter results. We generated sales of $2.4 billion, up 3% as reported or 5% on a constant currency. For the period, our adjusted operating income was $241 million or 10% of sales with an adjusted EPS of $2.53. As with our first year performance – as with our full year performance, the period was affected by significant inflation slowing markets and LVT impacting sales of other products. Even as we executed price increases in many products, our business has experienced increased competition and greater pressures on pricing and mix. In the period, inflation continued to be a headwind across most categories as higher materials flowed through our costs. We decreased our manufacturing production in the fourth quarter to adapt to market demand. Our start-up costs in the period were higher than we projected with LVT production improving slower than anticipated. Our new countertop and sheet vinyl plants initiated manufacturing and our Polish ceramic tile expansion was still starting up. In the period we purchased about $274 million of Mohawk stock, reducing our share count by 2.3 million or the equivalent of 3% of our outstanding shares. For more details on our segments, I'll now turn the call over to Chris Wellborn.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. As we enter 2019 many macroeconomic conditions around the world could impact our results. Economies have been slowing in most of our markets. Oil volatility is making our costs unpredictable and the housing markets in many regions are under pressure. So our outlook is cautious because of these issues, we expect our results to improve through the year. In the first quarter, we're reducing production rates due to softer environment in most of our markets. Higher price materials will flow through before we realize the benefits from recent changes. The dollar strengthened relative to last year and will have a significant negative impact on the first period. We continue to introduce innovative new collections, implement price increases and improve manufacturing processes. Taking all of this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter of 2019 is $2.02 to $2.12 excluding any one-time charges. Our major product and geographic expansions are at various stages of ramping up. As we progress through the year, these investments will increase our sales and margins, price increases will benefit our results, our start-up costs will decline and production levels will increase. We will realize the potential of these projects in 2020 and beyond as volume and efficiencies increase. Today the business is strong with substantial resources, a broader product portfolio and a more diverse geographic footprint. We have a strong balance sheet, extensive liquidity and historically low debt leverage. In the short-term we are taking the appropriate steps to manage through these market uncertainties and we are confident our investments and acquisitions will significantly enhance our long-term business. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The competitors we believe are already reducing their production rate significantly in the U.S. market. However, about 50% or more of the U.S. capacity is satisfied by worldwide supply base and is imported. At the same time you have the 10% increase in tariffs from China, which is the biggest supplier of imports to the country. So you have a lot of dynamics going on. We are raising our prices as we speak to recover some of the freight and margin loss we've incurred so far.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So we see in Europe, the markets slowing across, we have a large part of our sales in Italy which is going into a recession. And we have the Russian market is improving in Russia. The Mexican market decreased in 2018. It was running at double digits in our category in 2017, in 2018 it was running negative. We think a lot of it was caused by the interactions between the U.S. and them, but we see it improving. In the U.S., your guess on what's going to happen with the economy and housing is as good as mine this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: See, if I can answer all of those. So in the United States, our strategy hasn't changed. The new line is focused on making rigid products and it will primarily make mid to higher-end rigid products because we think we can utilize the full capacity of doing that. We change the thing that given that it was taking us longer than we hoped and the market was growing faster, we changed the strategy in the middle of last year. And we began importing more products so that we could satisfy larger parts of the marketplace. And going into this year, we've raised our inventory substantially and LVT going into the year to support it. And then we've also announced that we said we're introducing a new Pergo brand in that which today has a higher consumer brand than any other thing in the category. We haven't sold the first piece of it yet. And we're also going to put LVT in the Dal-Tile product offering this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The growth in all these different businesses you have to put the inventories ahead. So I don't expect the inventory turns to be what we like them going into the second quarter because it's going to take a while to get all these businesses up even though the inventory is there to support much higher sales.
Jeff Lorberbaum: To start out with the outlook which we said is cautious because of the economies and the housing which we're having difficulty projecting what's going to happen this year, but we do expect improvements in the business as we go through with the expansion of the sales and the margins as we go through the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have any idea what additional tariffs will go in and not go in. We don't know. We haven't built anything into our plan but we'll have to adjust if they go in, how we operate, and how it impacts the marketplaces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What we did is in some of the major markets we have multiple stores in every corner of the metropolitan areas and we've developed ways of getting the product to those customers with less store foot – service center footprints in the area.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can't speak for my competitors because I have no idea. But we are raising the inventories for all the reasons you just went through. In some cases we're buying it ahead because of the pricing. In some cases we're buying it ahead because of the increases. And in some cases we're buying it ahead to expand our business and footprint and brands we're selling under in each cases. So it's all of the above. I would imagine the rest of the world is doing the same thing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The imports in ceramics which we can see always go up dramatically the first of the year as people are putting in new products, changing out old ones and building up the inventories. And so what happens is the imports decline as you go through the year and they make adjustments in the second half coming out of it. So you typically go in with a more optimistic view and you adjust in the second half of the year. And you could see it in the import data.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess a little background on Paul. Paul has been in the industry his whole life. He joined our business when we acquired Eliane in 2005. At that point, he came to the United States and he ran our United States hard surface business for a number of years. And then he went back and he's been running the Rest of World segment's Flooring business since. Since he got here, he's announced changes in the management structure where we've had a more focused approach on each product category. And with that, we expect to have greater efficiencies and execution in each category. At the same time we're going to enhance these sales synergies across the total segment as we go through. And he's – a majority of those things needed to be done, have already been announced and executed.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are two types of stone products. One stone product is just changing the stone ceramic looks, is just changing the visuals on the various types that are here, which we have been doing the other. And then there's a new product type that has a different core with it that's being made in China. And we have not entered that one yet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our strategy is to have both a sourced strategy and a manufactured strategy. And if the business believes they're better off or they need something to source we won't hesitate to do it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, there's some – I'd say, going forward, there are different issues. So the issues you have with the overall economies and pieces which we can't control, which we're not sure exactly how they're going to evolve, how we're going to have to react to. You have issues in each category like ceramic where the stronger dollar has reduced the pricing in the marketplace. The tariffs are raising the prices of the stuff coming out of China. And at the same time our freight costs have been going up here which we've absorbed last year. We announced an increase at the end of the fourth quarter to try to recover both some of the margins as well as the freight costs to get them back. In each of the different product categories and markets, there's different dynamics in each. You have on top of that all of these new investments we have are under-utilizing the fixed costs because when we go into the new businesses, it takes time to ramp them up which is why we said that a large part of these new profitability will be in 2020 and beyond. Because even if we start them up and get them there, we have to get the customers to buy enough to get the profitability that we expect. So it will improve through the year. But until you hit these rates of utilization that we need in each one, you won't be to the potential of what they can have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess a few things. One is in our carpet business with raw materials, we would expect that as the inventories flow through, that it will help the margins which should be about the second quarter we should start seeing that. However, I can say that the oil prices, the predictions by people who know more than I do, range from about $50 a barrel to $90. And so I have no way of predicting what they're going to be and we'll have to react as they go through. The same thing you hear us we talked about in the introductory things about introducing a lot of higher-value products in each category about try to driving the premium products. And the question is going to be as we go through the thing we think we'll help the mix. The question is going to be how the economies and volumes is going to be as we progress through the year. And we're sure we'll improve it if we don't have any negative things we're not anticipating show up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margin differential in the short term will probably be similar. In the longer term we would expect the margins in our manufacturer to be higher.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, they're trying to participate in all the flooring categories like everybody else. At the same time, they see the trend in LVT like products increasing. So they're giving them more space and reducing some of the space in the other ones while they still try to optimize the other product categories. And I would say that's probably similar for the entire marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The other sales in Europe the sales are moderating as the economies are. And we still have the highest growth in LVT and laminate. We're increasing prices in laminate to offset inflation over there. We're increasing our LVT sales with our expanding production. We have more sheet vinyl capacity in Europe because going forward we won't need it to supply the Russian marketplace as we go through. And we've increased the capacity in high-end laminate in both countries to allow us to expand those as we get through. A lot of it is going to depend on how the economies evolve over there and we're expecting them to be a little slower this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It depends where the economy is going, what's happening. I would say there's some downside risk to that given what we see in the housing markets and the general economies.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess the biggest shift we saw was from the housing sales slowing down and new and existing home sales in the U.S. marketplace. As it slowed down, we felt the impact of it. Other things would be in Italy. They went into a recession, so we saw the same thing. We saw compression of the sales. And then as things slow down, you tend to see more price competition. On the other hand, in the United States market, in some of our categories as we raised prices, we saw some of the retailers trading consumers down to try to offset the higher prices in retail. So that also created a mix change, but I mean all the markets are unique in itself.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We believe we'll be increasing the production rates to match sales going through the year. We've been producing under the sales rate in many of the product categories. So the production rate should go up and help us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The plants are running five days a week. They're running at much lower speeds than we anticipate them getting to by the end of the year. There are more interruptions from software, hardware, technical things that are being solved one after the other. There is training going on with each one. So we would expect that the production rates would increase, the downtime would decrease dramatically the – then you start working on things like the raw material inputs and how you reduce those. And you start working on other things of how to improve the product offering with more technical innovations. All have to happen as we go through the year. We think when we get to the end of the year and go into 2020 we'll be in a good position.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There's multiple parts. So one part is the start-up costs. So the start-up costs were about $80 million in 2017. And we've said that start-up costs in 2018 will be $35 million to $40 million in the start-up costs. Now besides that, you have to get the productivity and the volume up. And the volume when you get up to 80%, 85%, the costs start dropping dramatically and the profits go up dramatically. And then the second part is as you start filling them up, you start selling more higher-value products and lower-value products you have. And depending upon the marketplace and what it is, the mix can be a big improvement as you go through once these things stabilize. So, I mean we're at all different places. This new plant making countertops in Tennessee I mean it's operating one shift now as it – one shift as we train the people and go forward, it's operating with very basic products. And that's totally different than it's going to be next year as we get through. So that's extreme on one side. In the sheet vinyl plant in Russia, it's operating on two shifts, as it. And we're having to go find new customers who never bought sheet vinyl from us and we're doing that. So, the question on that one is more about the ramp-up of it and how fast we can get cuts first to move versus technical problems and getting it started up for instance. And each one of these is unique and different. But it's balancing – when you go into new things, the good news is you're going at a new products and new geographies which is a big upside. But everybody doesn't wake up the next day and say they'll buy everything you can make when you haven't been in the markets before. So there's a lot of things that have to get laid out which is why you really have to think of it in long-term pieces as they ramp up. When they get ramped up and running full they'll all be running at the average of our margins for all of our businesses. That's the potential. Now the question is, is it going to happen in six months or two years in each one? I can't tell you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to separate out the new projects from the existing ones. And existing one is going to be more determined about the economies and the competition and what it takes to run the assets in the marketplace. And we will have to adjust as they are. If the markets are good, the mix will be better. If the markets are bad, we'll sell more commodity stuff and the mix will go down. So it depends on how the whole markets evolve over time in each product and each country.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Is that we're seeing so far in the first quarter it seems like it's strengthening a little bit for us in all the different markets. So we'll have to see how it works.
Jeff Lorberbaum: From what we hear from customers is that they are let's say cautiously optimistic really depending on what we see from the housing market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We'll continue purchasing it over time. And depending upon the market and what's going on, we'll act differently.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Related to the stock purchase, we have approval from the Board to buy $500 million is the approval at this point. So to do different, we would have to go back to the Board and get a different piece. The leverage in the – our total leverage I mean in our history of it not-too-distant past, we've been comfortable going over three times, but we want to maintain our ratings with the rating agencies so we can continue to book to borrow money. So under the right circumstances and being able to pull the leverage down, we would leverage the company up some more.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The investments will be in line with what we think need to be competitive, bring new products to the marketplace and increase our efficiencies. But I would expect the investments in it to be lower than the other categories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT has increased at a rate that's so high, that it's impacted the sales of every product category in the flooring industry. So they're all – they've all been lowered. And LVT is taking 100% of the flooring increase of the entire category. On our stores what we said was we've reduced the number of stores in markets where we had a number of stores and we could maintain the business with lower cost by redistributing the same business to fewer entities. And it's enabled us to reduce our SG&A costs.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2,449 million and grew 3% as reported with the legacy business up almost 1% on a constant exchange rate basis. Flooring Rest of World had the strongest growth with LVT and laminate products performing well both in Rest of World and in our North American segment. Just as a heads up, in 2019 the first quarter will have one additional day and then will have one less day in the fourth quarter of 2019. Gross margin as reported was 26.4% or 27.1% excluding charges and was down from 32.3% last year. Inflation of $61 million, lower productivity of $24 million, higher start-up of $17 million, plant shutdowns of $15 million and unfavorable foreign exchange of $13 million, offset increased volume of $18 million and price mix of $9 million. SG&A as reported was 17.7% or excluding charges 17. 3% compared to 17.1% last year. We had unusual charges of $27 million that primarily were related to the Godfrey Hirst and Eliane acquisitions and plant consolidation in North America. Our operating margin excluding charges was 9.8% down from 15.1% last year. Inflation headwinds of $62 million along with the impact of increased start-up of $18 million, shutdown of $15 million and lower productivity of $23 million, offset $9 million of improvement in price mix. We also had a $7 million headwind from FX. EBITDA was $381 million in the fourth quarter and $1.7 billion for the full year. Our interest expense for the quarter was $14 million which compares to $7 million last year. The increase was related to early extinguishment of high-cost Eliane debt. Our income tax rate improved to 19.2% from 27.2% last year due to the 2017 tax reform act. We estimate a first quarter rate of approximately 22.5% to 23.5% and a full year rate of 22% to 23% for 2019. Earnings per share excluding charges were $2.53 which was a decrease of 26% compared to last year. Turning to the segments. Our global ceramic segment had sales of $861 million. Fourth quarter sales increased 5% as reported with our legacy business up 2% on a constant exchange rate basis. Our Russian business reported the highest growth and North America improved sequentially on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. Operating income excluding charges was $87 million with a margin of 10.1% down from 14% last year. Inflation of $30 million declining price mix of $6 million and increased shutdown costs of $8 million, offset incremental productivity of $13 million and stronger overall volume. In the Flooring North America segment, sales of $974 million decreased year-over-year by 3% with improvement in price mix of $26 million which was offset by volume weakness in soft surface product lines. Our operating income excluding charges in this segment was $86 million with a margin of 8.9% compared to 16.7% last year. Improvement in price mix of $20 million was offset by inflation of $36 million, unfavorable productivity of $37 million and $7 million of production shutdowns as well as start-up of $7 million. We also had $17 million of lower volume. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales were $614 million an increase of 12% as reported with our legacy sales growing 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. LVT had the strongest growth in this category. Operating income excluding charges was $78 million with the margin of 12.8% compared to 15.8% last year. Productivity and lower material costs were offset by $5 million of foreign exchange and another $5 million of lower price mix as well as higher start-up of $13 million. In the corporate and eliminations segments, we had an operating loss of $11 million. And in 2019, we are estimating a loss ranging between $35 million and $40 million. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1,606 million with our days sales outstanding at 60 days in the quarter compared to 59 days a year ago. Inventories ended the quarter at $2,288 million with inventory days at 128. Our inventory was up $340 million from the fourth quarter of last year with 70% of the increase from new businesses and acquisitions and 30% of the increase from Chinese pre-buy and inflation. We lowered our legacy manufactured inventory in most categories as we ran production below sales during the quarter. Our fixed assets for the quarter ended up at $4.7 billion and included capital expenditures of $151 million with depreciation and amortization of $139 million. For the full year, capital expenditures were $794 million with depreciation and amortization of $522 million. We are estimating CapEx for 2019 to be approximately $550 million to $580 million with depreciation and amortization estimated at $560 million. Looking at long-term debt, our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. Total debt was $3.3 billion at the end of the quarter with leverage at 1.8 times debt to EBITDA. Jeff, I'll turn it back over to you.
Frank Boykin: Yes. Like I said in my comments, about 70% of the $340 million of growth is in new businesses and acquisitions and the balance here in Chinese prebuy or inflation. And I think another point to make there is that we worked real hard to take our inventory – manufactured inventory levels down by reducing production levels down below the sales levels. And I think we've done a pretty good job of keeping the manufactured inventories down in most categories.
Frank Boykin: We were talking about the year-over-year margin percentage improving sequentially – third quarter, fourth quarter.
Frank Boykin: Again it's led by product by country. The carpet industry along with our sales, increased prices and they seem to be holding through the marketplace as we speak. We've announced an increase in ceramic which was helped by the increases in the tariffs and the large amounts coming in there. So we're expecting to be able to get those through as we go through where you go through different markets. In ceramic in Mexico we've raised the prices and we're expecting those to hold. We are very aggressive in Mexico and the lower price points last year because of the new capacity we've put in and pushing it through the marketplace. And on the other extreme, you have Italy where the volumes going down in the whole industry where there was new capacity put in the marketplace over the last year or so and the margins are being compressed and we're projecting the margins to be lower next year. And I mean – I don't know. In Russia, we're increasing prices in the Russian markets and expanding it. The Russian market has been a growth area for us. And we see it continuing for this year also.
Frank Boykin: The LVT we think that by the end of the year we should be operating the new lines at similar productivities and speeds as our older lines having worked through the technical challenges of it. So we think going into 2020, we'll have the lines operating at the levels we – at the productivity levels we expect. And I forgot the second part of the question.
Frank Boykin: In the first quarter it would be the economy slowing in most markets. It would be housing under pressure in some regions. It would be the lower production rates due to the softer environment and it would be the higher-price materials slowing through as some of the sales levels were softer in the fourth quarter, it takes a little longer for the inventories to flow through.
Frank Boykin: Well LVT once we have all the plants up and running, and fully optimized, we'll have manufactured sales in excess of $1 billion. And then in addition to that we will continue our sourcing strategy like Jeff mentioned earlier.
Frank Boykin: Yes, it was impacted this quarter again by lower manufacturing levels, high employee costs and then ramping up of the new products – new capital projects that we've got going on. It's going to continue, Keith, to lag – productivity will continue to lag in the first quarter with inefficiencies and higher costs. But we are expecting to see improvements as we move through the year in there.
Frank Boykin: No. Lower volume the margins associated with – the standard margins associated with lower margin or volumes are included in the volume number. But to the extent you've got higher unabsorbed overhead for example, that's going to show up in productivity.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. And we don't really see a risk to that because we analyze each market by market. And where we took the reductions, we should be fine.
Chris Wellborn: I mean I can see what – on the ceramic side we tend to build up in preparation for that Chinese shutdown. But then as you go through the quarter obviously your inventory goes down because you're not buying more from the Chinese when they shutdown.
Chris Wellborn: I know they're also relying on our domestic expertise on the ceramic side and we're doing quite a bit of work with the home centers.
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the – particularly on the Godfrey Hirst, we've integrated Godfrey Hirst into our organization. The Australian housing market has weakened as we expected and we're responding. We're expanding our commercial carpet tile in that market. We're sharing best practices with the United States and we're closing inefficient assets. We're also bringing innovative products to the market and expanding our hard surface offering in that market.
Chris Wellborn: It depends on which products, markets and pieces as you go through. I mean, they're all going to be different.
Chris Wellborn: I would add that on the LVT so far it's been primarily as it relates to ceramic a U.S. phenomenon. And countries like Mexico, Brazil, Russia where labor is a lot less expensive, we haven't seen that.
