Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. For the first quarter, our sales were down 3.5%, with a constant FX adjusted for one less day in the period. The world changed during the first quarter, and we're now managing through an unprecedented situation. Around the world, government-mandated stay-at-home practices are slowing the spread of the Corona virus. With a consequence being a seismic economic contraction that is challenging all businesses. Mohawk entered the year as the world's leading flooring company with a strong presence in all categories: manufacturing in 18 countries and sales in more than 170 nations. During 2019, we generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow and have a strong balance sheet and leverage of 1.6 times near our historical load. Until the outbreak, our results for the quarter were in line with our plan as we benefited from the initiatives we implemented in 2019. The Corona virus has dramatically changed our short term strategies as we adapt to the rapidly evolving conditions. As we progressed through the first quarter, government actions to reduce the spread of the virus impacted all of our markets. Countries and states are reacting differently to the outbreak with some shutting our manufacturing operations. In most regions, we were able to produce and ship product, but at reduced levels due to lower demand and employee concerns. Across all of our markets, demand has dropped dramatically, with residential remodeling being impacted the most up to this point. We're allowed new residential construction and the commercial channel have held up better as projects are still being completed. Do-it-yourself products are performing best as some people started projects while staying at home. To respond to this global event, we've established corporate segment and business teams to manage our efforts as conditions change. We're keeping employees safe, increasing work from home and adjusting strategies as required. We're reducing capital expenditures, cutting non-critical expenses and putting our stock purchases on hold until the environment improves. Temporary layoffs and furloughs are being implemented around the world as we balance production with short-term demand. The majority of our business is in countries where governments are supplementing wages to maintain workforces. However, some countries are stopping our operations and requiring continuation of compensation. Each week, we're adjusting production and processes to align with the changing levels of demand, and we are unable to predict how demand will evolve in the future. Our organization is flexible and adapting to fluid conditions, but we're applying the lessons we learned from 9/11 and last recession to guide us through these times. We have recently obtained a $5 million term-loan to expand our liquidity to $1.3 billion, after we pay off a $300 million note -- €300 million note this month. With no other maturities in 2020, we have liquidity to manage through and strengthen our position when the economy recovers. I now will turn the call over to Frank.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. As we enter May, the corona virus is dramatically disrupting the economies around the world. Some countries are beginning to explore easing restrictions while others are extending them. Presently, all of our plants around the world are in operation, except those in Mexico and a small plant in Pennsylvania. We're focused on conserving cash, adjusting production, reducing inventory and preserving operational capabilities. We're also reducing expenses and investments and aligning with government requirements and support. The rate at which governments will open commerce and the subsequent consumer response cannot be determined. Some businesses have postponed investment in both remodeling and new construction until the recovery becomes more apparent. At the end of April, most people sheltering in place across the world, with them, our sales are about 35% below the prior year, and we cannot predict the rate at which it will recover. Given these circumstances, we are unable to provide EPS guidance for the second quarter and anticipate a loss in the period due to the COVID-19. Our balance sheet is strong with substantial liquidity of $1.3 billion to manage through the crisis. Our business model remains solid with strong local teams in each market, taking the necessary actions to manage the downturn. The economies will return to normal over time, and we are optimistic about the long-term future of our business. With that, we will be glad to take questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The LVT sales in the period continued to expand in the first quarter, but they slowed as we entered March, the – so the overall business is slowing, and we're going to have to see where it ends up. LVT, because of the growth it was having started from a higher point and we will have to see how it progresses as we go through.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The raw materials, energy and materials have declined across the categories, but were offset by volume pricing mix. With our sales declining, the lower material costs will take longer to flow through to costs. And then just as a point, our recycled materials are declining less than the virgin alternatives.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Then the productivity pieces we do will continue. The problem is that the plants will be operating at much lower levels and the offsetting negatives in the unabsorbed overhead and pieces are going to be high.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Same thing. What normally happens is there's a vacation period in the first of the year. So you build up inventories going into that, the production didn't start-up what everybody had anticipated. It has since gotten up to close to where it was before, but now you have declining business trends in the United States. And so with that, it's also it's also difficult to understand what the present level of the industry is because you're seeing the imports come in based on purchases for months ago, and you really don't have sight of what the present sales are in consumption.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The difficulty with that is, like we said a couple of times on the call already, is the lack of visibility and not knowing how sales are going to trend and how we're going to respond with cost takeout, permanent versus temporary, all are going to impact what our decremental margins are. So Eric, I don't think we're prepared to give you an answer that you'd like to have on that question right now.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. What I would say is that the U.S. ceramic business has been impacted less due to a higher percentage of new residential and commercial projects. The ceramic imports continued to decline, and we've reduced production to lower our manufactured inventory. The click tile production is ramping up, and we're expanding our higher court countertops.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, we really don't know, but I think what you could have is some balance. In some states, we've been shut down, which I think will open up. But I think there could be an expectation that as the new home starts have declined, that you could have a gap in the future. So one could possibly offset the other.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I can first just talk about the Flooring Rest of World. In the first quarter, Flooring Rest of World outperformed the other segments. The impact of the corona virus differed by country with more severe lockdowns in the U.S. As we got into April, Europe had an abrupt decline and was more severe. The virus started earlier and the lockdown was more restrictive, construction and commercial impacted more than in the U.S. In April, many customers were not open, and some projects were stopped, but most countries are opening up to increased commerce. That's Rest Of World.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. We're just looking at four or five weeks of data here in a very volatile environment. So it's hard to draw really good, hard conclusions from that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I can't tell you that the changes are – you can really see a trend in anything, because you have different customers and orders going up and down at different points across it. One thing to remember, in the past cycles, floorings declined more than other durable products, in general. And it's declined for a couple of reasons. One is that it's a higher ticket price than some other categories. Second is, it's got a lower amount sold through DIY, which is doing better at this is that point. And finally, other product categories have to be replaced when they're worn out. Our products you can live with almost forever. So when the customers get them comfortable that keeps postponing the stuff for a while. So it's causing a more – higher impact with the pace. The other thing, I guess, is that the opening of the retail stores should help going forward. We see almost every country we're in starting to relax the restrictions now. What impact it's going to have, we can't even guess at this point, is that -- so I mean, it's really hard to predict how the future will evolve, which is why we can't give any guidance. I mean, it could be substantially better. It could be the same or it could be worse. We have no idea.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Relative to the last downturn, the carpet business has the largest – or the carpet and vinyl business has the largest portion of oil base material. The vinyl really comes from assets, it's really the carpet industry has the biggest portion of oil base materials. On the other side, ceramic has a large use of natural gas in it. And then you go through all the different other product categories, they have different raw material streams.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There will be less exposure. The other thing that's going to happen in the short-term, just that given the dramatic decrease in a short period of time, even though the prices have gone down, we're buying significantly less, reducing our inventories on one side and also buying less relative to the volume we're producing. So both of those are going to have an impact on reducing the positive impact it would have if we were buying and running at the same rates we always run.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: One more piece to enter into it, our polyester is manufactured from recycled bottles and the recycled bottles are not moving down in proportion with the gas prices, oil prices.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. The LVT has improved during the period. It continues to get higher throughput rates and more productivity in the place and less downtime on a daily basis. Our sales in the period continue to go up, but they slowed the amount that we were increasing. The transfer of knowledge from Europe to U.S. load, because normally, we would have engineers over here when they've been the travel, the engineers didn't, but we're still making progress. We've identified some mechanical improvements. It will go in the third quarter and the second half, that will step change the speeds that we're running at as well as impact the material costs further. But we continue to make progress on both the European side and the US.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I think the last time we had a loss was when oil prices went to $140 in 2008 or 2009, and we couldn't raise the prices soon enough. So we -- the flow-through caused the loss in one of the period. I don't exactly remember the date.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: But right now, we're reacting to the incoming business on a week-to-week basis, depending upon the equipment. If there's a really high cost of starting and stopping, we operate it for a period of week and shut down for a period. On other ones, we're starting and stopping on a weekly basis, and the times we're running are really related to the incoming business level, and we build inventory then shut down to get it back on line.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're assuming it's still going to be difficult for the quarter, but we don't have any evidence to base it on. If the volumes go up high enough, we would make money, we’re ready to do it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Justin, like we said a couple of times already, we're not really -- we've got very limited visibility right now. And so we are not really getting into forecasting anything for the second quarter including productivity and volumes to be in the quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And then in our productivity, the shutdowns, all the pieces, the shutdowns, the more start-ups and start-ups and shutdowns we make, the time you make, all goes into productivity. They're part of the same number.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As you said, in different markets, in different countries and different product categories, there are players that were struggling before with their liquidity. And their ability to sustain their businesses, depending upon how long this lasts, it could detrimentally affect their ability to continue operating. At this point, we are trying to react to the downturn and minimize our own investments in pieces. Because we can't tell how deep or how long it's going to go, at this point. And we're prepared to reverse all these things quickly, but at the moment we are focused on trying to control the cost at this moment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Over the past years, the price of LVT has declined as the production processes have improved. We have assumed that's going to continue for a while. In the short-term, when you get older capacities, I don't know what's going to happen with the prices, as you go through. As is it - some people will try to run the assets. And maybe impact the pricing. But the same thing occurs in all our product categories. Is it at the same time, the raw materials are decreasing? So, we'll have to see how all that plays out.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know how to measure it. There were places where the inventories weren't sufficient to satisfy all the demand. The customers may be waiting on it or maybe switched to other products. And we don't have a way of knowing, is it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I don't know of any evidence that says it's going to impact the choice in flooring. The flooring choices are made for what purpose you have, how you like it, what the attributes of the product are, what your value proposition is in it. So I don't really see that having an impact at this point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What we did was we sold a solid wood plant in the United States, and we closed an engineered plant in Czechoslovakia, and we still have other wood plants manufacturing products. So we have less capacity for those markets as alternatives take their place.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Not sure we're prepared to get into that much detail. The only color we gave you was that fixed cost varied from 15% to 20% in cost of goods sold. And I would say, the ceramic segment is there's the higher of the two-- the three segments there with fixed cost.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Historically, in past downturns, our cash flow has done reasonably well because of declines in working capital, inventories, receivables, and then we have also been able to push out some payables and I think that's probably going to happen this time. I think the other thing that we need to consider is the significant reduction we've made in our capital expenditures and then we've also stated that we will not be buying back stock in this current environment. So free cash flow should be pretty strong relative to the environment as we move through the rest of the year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We appreciate everyone on the call. We're taking actions to adjust to the circumstances that we're in. Each week, we're reevaluating and changing our strategies, both short-term and medium term. The managers are taking different approaches by geography and product category based on different markets and government actions. The business is in a strong position today, and will emerge in a better position. We appreciate your time on the call. Have a nice day.
Frank Boykin: Well, first, just to maybe put some fencing around the discussion about decremental margins. We're taking historical fixed and variable costs. And then, there are assumptions about how sales are going to behave and about what we take out in costs that are driving that. I will say that to the extent that we take - as our production capacity goes down, our run rates go down. That is going to have a larger impact on our shutdown cost. I'm not sure if I'm answering your question there, Stephen or not, but the shutdown costs will be going up, for sure.
Frank Boykin: You'll have less productivity as your volumes go down. You'll have more productivity as your volumes go up. They'll drive it up and down.
Frank Boykin: Well, a major part of what you see in the $360 million, $390 million, represents projects that were already committed, some of which have already started, so we're not able to stop those. We are continuing forward with important cost savings and innovation projects as well as safety and maintenance. And the maintenance number is going to be down much lower than the number that you just cited.
Frank Boykin: You also have another thing with governments helping different amounts most of them are temporary and how they're going to change and evolve depending on the economies. We also don't know.
Frank Boykin: The Rest of World are significantly more due to the lockdown that it’s at, and the other businesses are similar. So we – the numbers don't mean anything, because I can tell you that next week's orders don't look like last weeks.
Frank Boykin: I think, I would add to that, Mike if residential remodel tends to run much more -- much higher as a percentage of the total pie than the other categories.
Frank Boykin: Yes, I'll address that. I mean you heard our receivables, DSOs at the end of the quarter were in line pretty much with where we were a year ago and may be just as a note if you compare our bad debt expense in the 2008-2009 recession, it was running about four-tenths of a percent. And that compares to two-tenths of a percent in the first quarter of this year. So we didn't see much movement in the last downturn. And I'd also remind you that we really don't have any large significant customers. We have a pretty diverse widespread customer base.
Frank Boykin: Listen, we have multiple scenarios, high, medium and low, and we don't know which one is going to work.
Frank Boykin: Well, I think I mentioned with another caller earlier, one of the drivers for productivity is we developed these programs, cost savings initiatives. And one of the drivers is how much volume we put through. And so I hate to keep answering the questions the same way, but it's partially going to be dependent on how volume performs through the rest of the year.
Frank Boykin: You're correct. We have been investing in sales to expand the business. The SG&A dollars in the first quarter were basically in line with last year and dollar amounts, but the percent increased as the volume decreased. The virus has interrupted the business, and we're taking steps to align the costs of sales and marketing with the present conditions. We're already reducing marketing expenses, administrative costs, and we'll adjust to the total cost structure once we get on a more permanent basis, once we get a view of where the business is going to be going forward. At this point, whether it's a V or an L or somewhere between the two, every week, we learn a little more. And presently, we are making more temporary changes than permanently.
Frank Boykin: LVT is continuing to take share from the others. The carpet sales in the industry declined in the mid-single digits in the first period, as if there's inventory adjustments going on in some channels. In some channels, they stopped doing, even though the stores were open in some channels, they stop doing measurements and installation in the period. So I mean, the whole business has turned upside down. We're hoping that many of these things will get better going forward, but we're not sure if it's going to happen tomorrow or how long it's going to take.
Frank Boykin: There was a small. But I don't know it is in productivity. There was a small but I don’t think I don’t know where it shows up. But I mean if you remember it was only limited amount of money. I think it was about $13 million and it was spread over the three quarters. I'm not sure, if I got dollar amount exactly right to disclose.
