Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. For the full year, Mohawk's business improved significantly. In 2021, net sales grew more than 17% as reported versus the prior year to $11.2 billion and our operating margins rose dramatically to approximately 12%. Our 2021 adjusted operating income approached $1.4 billion with adjusted EBITDA exceeding $1.9 billion. In addition, versus our 2019 prepandemic results, we also achieved 12% organic sales growth and improved our adjusted margins by 270 basis points. We ended the year with a historically strong balance sheet. And during the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 2.4 million additional shares of stock for a total of approximately 4.9 million shares purchased during the full year. In February, the Board of Directors approved an additional authorization for share repurchases of $500 million based on our confidence in the company's strength and to enhance shareholder return. All of our segments performed well and responded effectively to the complexities that occurred during the year. Throughout '21, our regions benefited from strong housing markets supported by rising home prices, favorable interest rates and accelerated home purchases by millennial. Changing lifestyles encourage shift from rental to owned property, movement to larger homes and remodeling upgrades to adapt to work and school at home. Among home improvement projects, new flooring is one of the most frequent upgrades. All of our product categories have benefited from this trend which is projected to continue throughout 2022. The commercial sector continued it's improvement over the prior year but has not yet reached prepandemic levels. While we thought COVID would be behind us in 2021, the pandemic continued to impact our markets to varying degrees throughout the year. Surges in some countries kept people voluntarily at home and government restrictions in other regions temporarily hindered our operations and customers. We continue to maintain precautions in our facilities to mitigate risk to our employees. Moving forward, we will benefit from bolt-on acquisitions we completed in '21. These include an MDF manufacture in France and an Irish installation company which will be accretive to earnings in 2022. When integrated, they will enhance our present operations, expand our markets and reduce our costs. Our performance in 2021 illustrated the fundamental strength of our business as we maximize our results and strong market conditions, as well as those where the pandemic impacted our industry. We delivered product innovation around the world, leveraged our logistics strength as a competitive advantage and executed multiple price increases, to pass through material, energy and transportation inflation across all products and geographies. We managed labor shortages with enhanced training, process improvements and strategic automation, where possible. We creatively addressed material supply shortages through product reengineering, SKU rationalization and improved production planning. The negative impact from inflation, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages, along with a stronger U.S. dollar, increased as the year progressed. Sales in the fourth quarter remained strong, rising 4.5% as reported or approximately 12% on a constant currency and days basis to approximately $2.8 billion. With a return to more normal seasonality for the industry and 6% fewer days in the period compared to the prior year. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.95 per share with benefits from price mix and productivity, offset by increased inflation and lower volume from fewer days in the period. As raw material, energy and other costs continue to rise, we implemented price increases in most products during the quarter. European natural gas prices have been the most volatile, substantially increasing our energy costs as well as material costs and we have raised our selling prices significantly. We ran our operations at high levels through the end of the year in an effort to improve inventory through staffing, material supply and transportation challenges impacted our costs. Outside the U.S., government restrictions on business operations in some regions lowered retail sales during the quarter. Commercial sales improved in the quarter even with some deferral of projects due to COVID and government actions. During the fourth quarter, we released our annual environmental sustainability and governance report. The report showcases how Mohawk is fostering innovative products that lay the foundation for healthier, more inspiring spaces where people live and work. We also highlight how we are maintaining a safe, respectful workplace, reducing and repurposing waste and conserving natural resources. The entire document is available on our website. Jim will now review our fourth quarter and full year financials.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. After a record-setting 2021, we're enthusiastic about Mohawk's future growth and profitability. This year, GDP is expected to grow 3% to 5% in most of our markets with residential sales remaining strong and commercial improvement. Interest rates will likely to rise but should remain historically favorable and support continued home sales and remodeling. During the year, we anticipate inflation moderating and constraints in labor, material and energy, declining. We're selling all of our capacity in many product categories and are optimizing our mix and margins this year. We've initiated multiple expansion projects to increase our sales in this growing area this year and beyond. Significantly -- significant short-term material, energy and transportation inflation is affecting all of our businesses and we are reengineering formulations, reducing spending and improving efficiencies to offset. We're presently implementing price increases, have announced additional ones across products and geography. We will continue to adjust our pricing as necessary to recover our margins over time. In Europe, energy costs have dramatically accelerated and have also affected the cost of our materials. Our European ceramic business has been the most impacted which we anticipate will create a $40 million to $45 million headwind net of price increases in the first quarter. Given these factors, we anticipate our first quarter adjusted EPS to be $2.90 to $3, excluding any restructuring charges. In the second half, we expect our margins to improve as capacity expands, inflation moderates and pricing aligns. Based on the strength of our company, our product and geographic diversity, investments in growing categories and potential acquisitions, our long-range outlook is for higher sales growth and margin expansion. Flooring is an essential part of new construction remodeling and as the world's largest flooring manufacturer, Mohawk has built leading positions in major flooring markets around the globe. We expect our business to benefit from strong demand through this economic cycle. Given today's low inventory of existing homes, new residential construction and remodeling should remain strong for many years. Mohawk's sustainable products appeal to today's environmentally conscious end users which gives us an added advantage in our markets and enhances our bottom line. In time, we expect the commercial sector to return to it's historical growth, with pent-up demand representing a significant opportunity. In addition to expanding capacity, we continue to invest in our organization's talent and state-of-the-art technology to deliver exceptional design, value and service to our customers. Over the next three years, we anticipate higher sales and margins as we implement our product, manufacturing and marketing initiatives. We will continue to leverage our strong balance sheet to pursue acquisitions that further our geographic reach and product offering while growing our sales and profitability. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think also the difference in days in the fourth quarter is also impacting the comparison between the two abnormally. And then we also have -- last year, you have, as we were going out of last year, it was seasonally stronger than it is. This year, it's more normal. And same thing in the first part of the year, the customers were behind in their purchases and inventory levels and the channels were behind, so the demand was different. So there's a lot of differences in the seasonality between the two.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some of it is in the asset purchases we've done with the investments. We upgraded various assets in the fiber and yarn manufacturing to put in lower-cost assets based on how the business has changed over the years. Some of it is in the transportation. We have put in new processes and systems to trying to optimize the transportation systems which were getting higher weights on the trucks. And we are improving the way we charge for the business or charge for the transportation relative to the market rates as we go through. So they're all benefiting the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S., LVT has now grown to approximately 20% of the flooring category. With that, the size has gotten where it is. The rate of growth is going to slow down. We think that the other categories are going to still show volume growth, so we don't believe it's going to take all of the growth going forward as you go through. There's been a change in the laminate business where it was perceived as a cheap alternative. And with all the advances we've made in it, it's now being seen as an equal opportunity to -- versus both LVT and wood. Because on one side, we've added the waterproof technology; on the other side, we've made it visually as pretty as real wood and can't tell the difference on the floor. So it's in a midst of a changing piece and we're investing to support it. When you go to Europe, Europe laminate is a much larger part of the industry than it is in the U.S. And it's not growing at the same level. On the other hand, our premium is. LVT as a category is probably less than half the size it is in the United States as the market hasn't accepted it at the same rate as the U.S. has.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And the other piece is I think we're in good position. The LVT, we're still in the original plant. We're still improving the costs. In the fourth quarter of last year, the costs were actually impacted by a lack of supply and we had to slow down on machines in order just to keep the plant running. We expect the productivity and the cost to continue to improve. We're investing in a new plant which we think will be cost-advantaged versus imports. And we think we're in a good position to grow with the market. We're also importing a lot of products; so it's not in lieu of the other.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Every time you go through significant inflation in the industry, some of the consumers start looking to hold the value of what they're going to spend or the prices. And so it's a normal course of events. And as you see significant inflation, there's some trading down in all the categories.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The margins in the business have come back. They're still below where they were at the peak a few years ago. There has been -- in the carpet industry, there's been a trading down to polyester at lower prices and different pieces. So those margins will probably not get back to the peaks they were at. On the other hand, we have investments in LVT and laminate that those margins, we think, have room to grow as we improve the mix and put more investments in as we go through. Impacting the whole thing in all categories, you have also the commercial sales are still behind the prepandemic levels. Our estimates depends on which product category and which channel. They could be 10% to 20% below the prepandemic levels and those are higher-margin products and sales. So as those come back, those are going to improve the margins also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What's happened to us is that, as the business went through COVID, we pulled back on all the investments in the various categories. And then when we came out of it, we found that many of the categories have grown in one year what we had expected in multiple years. So you see us trying to catch up with the investments that we're putting in. We're investing about $800 million this year which will add roughly about $800 million worth of sales which is all going in this year and next year in the high-growth categories. The other categories of the business still have additional capacities to support increased sales going into the next year or two. We think we're taking the right steps to optimize the business. One is, we don't -- we probably don't get enough credit for is the portfolio of the products that we have. We manufacture in five different continents. In the different markets, we have the leading brands and market positions. We sell them into over 170 different countries. And so with this, with a strong balance sheet you have, you see us investing heavily to reduce our costs and broaden our product offering. We believe there are going to be more acquisition opportunities. We're talking to several at the moment. We'll have to see how they evolve. We think there's more going to come into the marketplace over the next year or two. We're well positioned with our balance sheet to take advantage of those. You hear us continuing to invest in leading technologies to give us differentiation to improve the margins. And then with all that, we see the -- we think we're probably in the mid-cycle part of it. Usually, the economy and the industry, keep growing as we start raising rates at this point. The residential markets are running at high rates and what normally have when you get towards the cycle that -- we've overbuilt the residential housing. This time, we're still chasing it. So it seems like there's plenty of room to grow. We've talked about the commercial improving. So we think we're in the right position for higher growth and margin expansion over the next few years.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The industry data on the carpet shows the carpet industry was down in units. And again, we think it's because of the seasonality differences between the two. On the other side, we are probably indexed higher on the commercial business which is still 10% to 20% below where it was before the prepandemic pieces. We also have a lower percentage of the LVT but we're growing our business there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me start with the ceramic piece. The ceramic piece, the number's still the same. However, we're getting there a little different. The -- we're actually going to get more price than we thought. On the other hand, the gas prices were actually higher, so they net back down to about the same thing. But both are different.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As we think about the year, we're starting from the premise that the present trends, the economy, housing and business investments, are going to continue as we all expect and all the projections from everybody. And what we see is our margins after the first quarter should improve as the price and costs get aligned better and continue throughout the rest of the year. And don't forget, when we get into the fourth quarter, we have -- we shouldn't have the same energy headwinds that we had last year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. Let's start out with the -- you're correct that you have -- the increase in the inflation is going to increase the piece in the volume assumptions you have seem reasonable, is it? Just to put in at the comparisons will be more difficult in the first half as the customers last year were replenishing inventories. And we don't see -- we'll see the same thing. We'll be back at a more normal seasonality this year. And then also in the first half, you'll see a bigger impact from price increases in the first half than you will in a second. As we go into the second half, we think we'll see some stronger volume growth due to better inventories on our part so we can service the business better as well as a lower impact from pricing. One more thing just to not forget, at least the estimates by everybody show that this year, the dollar is expected to be stronger than last year and a stronger dollar is going to -- would have a reduction in our translated results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're still having problems with supply. We're still having problems with labor and it's still impacting our business. Probably the bigger part of it is in our LVT business, both in the U.S. and Europe. For instance, we're running lines at lower speeds to keep them running instead of stopping and starting them. We have other suppliers and pieces that have -- we've had to stop the plants. And then with COVID, we've had people not showing up for work and just having to shut the places down and/or having to run places different. In most areas, we're seeing some improvements but we'll have to see how it works.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think if you go back to the introductory remarks, we tried to put what points in time they would come in because some of them are in the middle of next year and some of them are this year. They're all through it. If you go through that, I think you get a sense of the timing of it. Our current expansion projects, different than the earlier time we did it, are in markets and products that we already have in the marketplace with increasing sales. The last time we went into new products and new markets that we had to start at 0 and there was significant marketing costs upfront. This time, the investments are focused on our existing laminate business in the U.S. and Europe, ceramic outside the U.S. where the markets are sold up and -- where we sold up. We're expanding our countertop business in the U.S. and Europe in our LVT business. So the markets are there for where they are which should reduce the impact of selling up the assets as we start them up. And then the same thing, we're using technologies that are proven which we have operating in all the places which has also limit the start-up costs as we get through. In addition, there are other projects on both productivity and efficiencies which should immediately enhance our business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then, I think the other questions were around laminate. The laminate, each line does about $150 million each. The first one is in start-up right now and should be operating in the middle of the second quarter close to it's potential. And then the next line will come in, in the middle of next year sometime.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we'll have to find out what happens to supply and to labor around the world in different places. Presently, we're still struggling with the pieces. Our assumptions are that it gets better through the year. But to tell you the truth, we haven't seen it yet, is it? At the same time, all of these new facilities and things we're going to start bringing up show up as some negative productivity offsetting some of the other positive productivity we have during the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There is significant shortages that have been causing the raw materials to be at historically high prices. We're assuming that some of that lines up this year and some of the pressure from capacity versus demand offsets. And then it depends on what happens with the oil and gas prices around the world.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think that the -- there's more capacity to support some of the product categories that we're in. For instance, in Europe with the high gas prices, our wood prices are up because they're starting to burn wood as an energy source, is it? It's at unusually high levels. We're assuming that some of that starts to balance out next year as the energy prices come down, for instance. There are other places where we're seeing more supply come into the marketplace and we're assuming there's going to be a better balance to it than there was the last six months.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Where we are with it presently, we're assuming we're in the midpoint of the cycle that you're going to still see unemployment decreasing. You're going to still see incomes rising. We expect the economy to keep growing like it does in the mid-part of the cycle. The mortgage rates are still historically relatively low. And unlike the end of cycles, there's still demand for housing is exceeding the supply and it supporting new construction. You have increased home values that should support continued remodeling as you go through. Typically, on existing home sales, when someone buys a home, it takes multiple -- they don't do all of the remodeling in the first year. It takes multiple years to do it. So you have all of these homes that were sold over the last two years that should continue to get remodeled. And then you still have commercial, that's still below the prepandemic levels and there should be pent-up demand to help it increase. So unless they move the rates up way higher than we expect, we're expecting to continue improving the category.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining us today. We are really optimistic about our long-term performance. We're investing to support growth and margin expansion and we believe that we're in the right spot to optimize our business over the long term. Thank you for joining us.
James Brunk: Okay. Well, I'll take the first part of that. On the tax rate, Truman, as I said, for the full year, looking at 22% to 23%, I would expect it to be maybe a little bit lower than the bottom of the bed in the first quarter. And then as I said, it's going to vary as we go through the year.
James Brunk: Some of it also, Truman, is the completion of the actions that we started back in 2020, where we had got out of older assets and optimized the plant flow which eliminate -- it's going to help on the material side and the labor side on a productivity basis.
James Brunk: Let me unbundle a little bit of what you said there, Mike. So first of all, in the fourth quarter, you're right, as we look across the segments, I would say the volume piece, adjusting for days and everything else, the business volume was relatively flat to slightly down. And if you think about that, that makes sense compared to fourth quarter of 2020, when you had unusual demand levels and so really abnormal seasonality. So that kind of straightened itself out in the fourth quarter. Also, in the fourth quarter of this year, we had the material and labor constraints which impacted not only our production but our sales in various product categories. So that definitely impacted that volume.
James Brunk: But the definition is the same, Mike. So we didn't -- the $25 million compared to the $40 million to $45 million, the definition is the same.
James Brunk: Yes. When we're looking at that sentence, that we're saying is that year-over-year. And now I would say really, it depends upon how inflection plays out in the first half as well and then the economic trends continuing as most expect in the second half. But that is what we're addressing.
James Brunk: And in terms of days, Mike, there's one less day in the first quarter and the other three are the same.
James Brunk: I was just going to say timing-wise, if you look -- so we launched the first laminate -- the new laminate line in the fourth quarter. So you'll see some benefit in '22 of that, limited benefit on the LVT launch. But most of the others, echoing what Jeff said, will impact into '23 more so than '22.
James Brunk: We normally don't get to that level of granularity, Keith. You're right that the -- certainly in that segment, laminate and the resilient business grew more than carpet. And so they really drove the growth along with, I would say, the pricing actions that we put in place really kind of dwarfed anything around volume.
James Brunk: And just to clarify, Steve, what we've said is up to this point, we have -- globally, we have about $1 billion of sales capacity in LVT and that's across five lines. So the $160 million on the new line is not really totally different versus the other lines.
James Brunk: Yes. It's been really led by the healthcare government area and then the other -- some of the other channels have been slower to respond. But again, we had good strong growth in '21 versus '20. But as Chris said, it's not back to the '19 levels.
Chris Wellborn: If I can comment on the -- in the ceramic side, the -- as the ceramic industry strengthened, the import prices have increased. The ocean freight constraints are causing delays and increasing cost. So I think we're well positioned on the ceramic side in the United States to take additional share.
Chris Wellborn: Well, everybody in the market is raising prices, including us. You're right, some are hedged and that's probably causing them to raise prices a little less fast than they need to be but everybody is raising prices. We expect the energy volatility through the winter due to lower European reserves and uncertain availability. But the short term, the headwind should peak in Q1 and then progressively get better after that for a couple of reasons. One is you've got -- you're getting into the summer months where gas is naturally cheaper. And you're also -- as we look at the forward contracts, they are lower than what we're experiencing now.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. The other thing I would add that -- when you look at the data on the ceramic market, it's really hard to read because you've got the imports coming in. And the volume, the way they're measuring that is the imports coming into the country which we think most of the competitors were building inventory during that time. But when we go out and look at the customers we're getting and the progress we're making in the marketplace, we think we're doing really well.
Chris Wellborn: Mike, what happened in the -- as we produced in the fourth quarter, the -- you may have seen the gas prices. But in some cases, they spiked to 170, 200 which is very high. And of course, that -- as that inventory rolls off in the first quarter, you see that impact.
Chris Wellborn: Well, first, on U.S. ceramic, our products are gaining momentum as imported products are less reliable and landed costs have increased. Our pricing actions have offset inflation, keeping margins in line with prior year. We introduced several products at floor, wall and mosaic offerings that were offered this year. And then to improve mix, we've introduced new sizes and shapes. As you look into '22, we believe the U.S. will grow in both volume and price as residential remains strong and commercial strengthens. Brazil, Russia and Mexico will have to optimize mix given their capacity limitations. And we think the EU volume will be under pressure just given natural price increases from natural gas.
Chris Wellborn: Okay. Well, first of all, just in terms of the production, the original lines were designed for high-volume long runs and our new production lines are designed for more differentiated products and smaller runs. And you talked about the location. To optimize our U.S. LVT manufacturing, we'll now have both an East Coast and a West Coast operation. This should provide us service, logistics and cost advantage. And this plant will be in Mexico and it's adjacent to one of our other factories.
Chris Wellborn: I mean, so far, we haven't seen -- our volumes in Europe have still been strong. So we haven't seen it. But we just anticipate with the pricing that's being taken there that it would make sense that it could put pressure on the market. But so far, we haven't seen it.
Chris Wellborn: Well, we know some of the -- on one end, you have some of the smaller producers that have cut way back or shut down. And then on the other end of the market, you have some of the bigger players that were hedged. But I would say, in general, the competitors are in the market are trying to cover the cost as much as they can, not to let it impact the market too much. And so it's a balance, as you could expect, of covering inflation and not killing your demand. It's got, too, though, put pressure between the increased gas prices. The increased freight cost, it's got to put pressure on those exports. And that's why we think in the United States, we're going to be in a good position.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think it also depends on the category. Like in ceramic, hospitality is doing well. Hospitals, schools, it's still not back to prepandemic levels but it's certainly been strengthening.
