Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we saw a little bit of softening as we went through the quarter, but I mean it started out softer than we expected a little bit due to all the impact of the government settling, what they were doing has impact on consumer confidence. The consumer confidence still remains low, so we're just a little cautious as we look forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We came out of the second quarter and we have made certain assumptions about our raw materials wood for our pricing. And as we went through the third quarter, the raw materials were not coming down as we had anticipated. As we went into the fourth quarter, we have seen some moderation. However, oil and chemical prices are really volatile and we'd have to continue monitoring it as we go forward. Given that goal, we would expect some positive impacts on our cost in the first quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of our prices are bought at market and they move all the time. As you see, oil prices going up and down weekly, we don't actually see it that minute, but it goes up and down. The oil -- the chemical prices are much more volatile than the oil prices as they're being influenced by worldwide supply and demand. And so we're reading them every day and it's just we keep monitoring to try to see how are they going to fit.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We do have a long list of changes that we do. We have a good system for -- in our planning for setting up what the changes are and are holding each group accountable for executing against them on a quarterly basis driven down through the entire organization. The questions really are, and as you go through with those things, what happens to the product mix and what happens to pricing offsetting or helping those conditions. And what we have this year was a large part of the changes have been absorbed in the different mix changes and product changes we go through, but they have impacted our results. We haven't gotten the full impact of what we've already done and we'll see more of them in the future. Up to this point, we haven't given a specific number for the pieces, though.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, this year, I mean, we estimate approaching $100 million worth of various benefits, though all the changes have actually been achieved during the year, or will be achieved through the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Multi-family. We participate in the multifamily. The multifamily business is a much more lower-end product. It typically has a low -- it typically use very inexpensive products and turn them over. We have increased our participation in that over the last year or 2. We've put positioning our SmartStrand products in it and addition to the other products. I think that there's probably ourselves and Shaw [ph] have a large share of it. We would -- Shaw [ph] would have a larger share than we do, though.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it was across all the different pieces over the last year. We had put it in place a lot of things to improve our business. We had talked earlier in the year about not fully participating in the polyester participation as we put more capacity in, we've been able to participate there, as well as broadening our SmartStrand products, which are differentiated in those categories. We've improved our carpet tile offering. And across all the segments, we've enhanced our sales team and execution of our strategy.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't remember the last year number so I don't have the reference points for you. The changes are across all the different categories and segments. I would expect next year probably not to be as much as we've made a lot of positive changes this year. Some of it also applies to benefits putting in new equipment and the productivities achieved from those, as well as redesigning our product strategies and re-engineering products across all the different businesses to create process improvement. So I mean, next year I would assume it's going to be less than this year. I don't have the number to give you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been discussing for quite some time. The laminate business in the U.S., there's a large part of it in the Home Center channels. And if you go back primarily, we were focused on the specialty channels. We still are but we have gotten additional commitments in the Home Center channel to expand our participation of markets here. Again, pushing our strengths, which is our style and design and differentiated fabric products in the business. And so we're doing that. The European business is a little different. We're positioned different in the European business with a little higher-end position. We have a more recognized consumer brand in that marketplace. But again, we're focused on in that marketplace the medium to high end of the marketplace. We have started in that marketplace also selling into they call it DIY channels in each country as a step-up product in those and we're achieving some successes with those. We started broadening our business in some ways to other places like Russia. We started a few years ago. We thought that we would only be able to have a small niche position within Russia if we didn't build a plant in Russia, so the plant is actually up and operating as we speak. We'll go through probably about $5 million worth of start-up cost this year in starting it up. The plant will be running about half capacity probably by sometime the first of next year. It will take a few years to increase our business there. We've been developing business in Australia. We're supporting it with wood out of Malaysia, as well as laminate out of Europe. We think that this gives us an opportunity to have even a larger share of that marketplace. We think we've gotten the best distributor that's down there that really has huge share of the laminate wood business. We think in Australia, due to the size of the continent, that having offshore production may be advantageous where in some countries, that's disadvantageous because the cost of moving it from a central point in Australia and around the continent. So we think we're well-positioned there. Over a long time, we'll have to consider if we broaden it to other product categories or not. But we're happy with our positions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have 2 things going on in the carpet business. One is the consumer trading down. The second, and related to not only consumer, retailers using price as a motivation to try to create value to the customer, so that's compressing prices. You have, in addition to that, you have a huge change in the industry where we're moving from nylon to lower cost polyester so the industry is growing in order to help maintain price points, which the industry is trying to do and the improvement in polyester product categories were also trailing down so that the industry is moving to lower cost polyester replacing the nylon products at the same time. And then while the earlier call, like the multifamily is growing faster than the other one as well as you have a change in the channels. The Home Center seemed to be doing a little better, more focused on price value at the moment, which also compresses the mix. And we have all those things going on at the same time. I don't have a number to give you, though.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really hard to read on a very short time frame. We know that last year, compared to this year, it's all going down quarter-to-quarter. I mean, there's a lot of movement. It's really hard to read.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet is so much larger than the rest of it. It overwhelms everything so it doesn't really -- you can forget the rest.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We continue to look around the world. The focus would be on high-growth marketplaces, which are easy to spot. That would be China, Australia, Brazil, Mexico. Mexico sort of separating off, also from the U.S. economy doing better. So those would be primary, but we continue to look around for opportunities, as well as in the present markets we're in. We assume that over the next year or so, there will be businesses for sale that could create opportunities to tie-on additions to both our U.S. and European businesses as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the numbers in front of me. What happens is in the specialty store part, given the huge decrease in the industry volume since the decline, there's probably 15% to 20% less units in the industry. At the same time, the Home Center channel has increased its share and that's about as good as I can give you at this city.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I mean, a lot of it has got to do with the entire marketplace and what's going on. The outlook for next year is uncertain. We believe that we're going to still be able to improve our results next year even with that. I mean, that's really hard to read. The consumer with a consumer confidence is down to almost historical low. I mean, it's really difficult at the same time, commercial business is still tended to be good. The question is will businesses continue spending at those levels. We have very limited forward views of purchasing. So I mean, your guess is always as good as mine for the overall pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our carpet tile business has continued to increase. Carpet tiles becoming a larger part of the marketplace. As our business has increased, we continue to improve our -- to increase our capacity to support it. We actually have 2 phases going on. The first one has been completed already. The second one will be completed before the first of the year, or close to it. The combination of those will 2 give us an additional 35% production capacity, which will support growth for the near-term future of carpet tile, which we expect to keep going.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you see over the period of time is there's 2 parts: one, there is a change like commercial carpet tile is replacing broadloom tile. And as it gets more cost effective to manufacture, as the styling increases since it's used in broader price points. It's being used in more jobs and impacting the broadloom piece in the past. We've got our broadloom business has started growing also at this point, but we see ongoing that there will be this continued shift in broadloom tile. Then the question really becomes how much can a commercial tile business continue to grow as an industry and we continue to try to get a larger share of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It should be both -- we're now paying import duty taxes coming in. We're shipping products from Europe into there. There should be a benefit in cost. On the other hand, you're not going to start to plan up running fully efficient to begin with. So those will have to flow through as we get the plant over time. We would expect it to improve the margins of the products we're selling into it, once the cost get on line.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are doing things to increase the sales base within Europe as we mentioned, selling to new channels and new products and categories within it. There will be some decrease in that. We have been preparing that for some time to be able to have our cost more flexible to keep them in line as we move the capacity.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Historically, the margin difference was really dependent upon the average mix of the -- what you sell to customers. So what happens is, in the specialty channel, the specialty retailers are more proficient at providing different options to the consumer and helping them pick better quality products within it. So the margin differences, a lot of it comes from the mix differences between the channels.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me -- the different cost structures and a lot of different pieces and as you go through -- I'm not prepared to give you margins of different customers in this minute.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The cost improvements, they were putting we're really changing the way we operate the business. We've put in a lot more disciplines in the business. We put in a lot more processes to create innovation through and challenge the status quo which I'm excited about. They're continuing, and I think they'll continue forever. As that the management has improved its ability to define and execute these things ongoing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not really. The market -- when we look over the market, the consumer seems to be a little separated from the banking system and the other may be reading about it or not. We haven't seen a dramatic change in most have said that. There is -- the same thing you have here, and it's hard to separate, over a period of years we've seen trading down, just like we have here, as people tried to minimize costs from sales. But in general, we don't see that major change in the purchasing habits. Typically in Europe, they don't use credit as much as we do. Typically save more before they spend it and so there's potential for having a significant change as this thing gets worst. But at this point, we haven't seen the consumers really dramatically changed.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that we see -- it was -- the third quarter was a little softer than we have expected. But I mean, at what point expected? We came into the second half. We were expecting the second half to improve. And given the low consumer confidence level, we didn't see the improvement. There is some softening going on and we built it into our estimates.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's just make sure that we get a little bit deeper into the strategy. The strategy in Europe is to position our participation of the DIY as a step-up premium product to what they typically sell and be the higher end of their category. We are aligning with that limited number of DIY accounts in each market place, trying to position that they can improve their sales margin by selling better quality products. So we're not trying to become the commodity supplier to the DIY marketplace. On the other hand, the products that -- their average products just like we discussed in the U.S. market, especially retailer, is going to sell at a higher mix of better quality products in the DIY.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's presently about $50 million in sales. We're presently servicing it from Malaysia and Belgium. We believe at the moment that continuing to supply it from offshore makes sense, but we'll have to see as we go along. We believe that, given the size of the country and the cost of moving it within the country that for instance, shipping it from Malaysia, where there's low-cost labor has been advantageous, and we'll have to see if there's other opportunities as we go along.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can tell you that the increase that we consider putting through earlier was in the 3% to 5% range.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The only information we've given out is that when we originally purchased it, it was in the range of around $50 million. And we haven't given out specific information in addition to that since then.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What the volume going to do between what's the all the different pieces that we have an investment and there's a lot of things are going here and there that will impact the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us today. We think we're well positioned for the future. We continue to invest in our business and continue to improve our processes and controls, and we appreciate you joining us. Have a good day.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank H. Boykin: And just to answer the question regarding the FIFO timing, inventory turns about once a quarter so that -- it takes about 3 months to get the raw material cost into the P&L.
Frank H. Boykin: I'll take the CapEx question. We have said $280 million for the year. I think the spend is going to be closer to $260 million and then that other $20 million will probably falls over in the next year, John. We haven't finalized our budget for next year so we're not ready to give a number for 2012 yet. But it could be…
Frank H. Boykin: And Mike, to your other question to me, it's almost impossible to separate price and mix with the number of customers and products and that type of thing. So that's why we presented it in that number.
Frank H. Boykin: High teens to maybe 20%. We're still trying to finalize it, but probably somewhere in that range right now. It's our best guess.
Frank H. Boykin: But it would be hard to sustain this growth rate we had in this quarter, I think, for a period of time.
Frank H. Boykin: We were not prepared to give out a margin estimate for the quarter. But I think as we go into the fourth quarter, one of the points we were trying to make was that we're going to have some raw material pressures, particularly in the carpet segment and so that will impact the margins in the fourth quarter. And then we'll have the normal seasonal slowing as we go into the fourth quarter that will impact both our top line and our margins.
Frank H. Boykin: The 2012 maturity, I think, we're probably going to, as I mentioned earlier in the call, we bought back about $65 million and rolled that into the revolver. And I think that the majority of what's left will pay a little bit with cash but most of that will be rolled into our revolver.
Frank H. Boykin: Let's see. The -- listen, we don't even know what the cost is going to be at this month yet. What happened is the volatility we have to deal with is really difficult to estimate. And most of the products we're buying either at market or on-contract plus cost somewhere. You have oil prices that move up and down on the last month, say, 10% to 15%. You have commodity chemicals within each of those that come through. It's easy to have 20% to 40% movements given the international movements of things and how things are moving across the borders on supply and demand. So we sit back at any given point in trying to try and estimate what we have and react to the changes. It's -- we don't know what we're going to do at the end of this quarter yet. If you could tell me what the oil prices will be next year, it would help me.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, I think, we're at for each of the 3 segments, we are at about 15% incremental margin for Mohawk; 20% incremental margin for Dal-Tile; and 25% for Unilin. The operating earnings level.
Frank H. Boykin: Right, I can, real quick, just give you the volume versus price mix. It's not going to be a price by itself, Kathryn.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, what we said earlier was that both the residential and the commercial businesses were up in the Mohawk segment and the commercial business is up at a higher rate than the residential business.
