Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Starting with the income statement. Sales for the quarter were $2,546,000,000, growing 4% as reported, with our legacy business at 2% on a constant basis. Our Flooring Rest of the World segment had the strongest growth during the quarter. Gross margin as reported was 28.3% or 29%, excluding charges, and was down from 32.5% last year. Inflation of $63 million, higher start-up cost of $10 million, FX headwinds of $9 million and plant shutdowns of another $9 million offset increased volume of $29 million and productivity gains of $5 million. SG&A as reported was $433 million or 17% of sales. Excluding charges, it was 16.6% of sales and compares to 16.3% last year. Unusual charges during the quarter were $27 million and primarily were related to the Godfrey Hirst acquisition and plant consolidation. Our operating income, excluding charges, was $314 million or 12.3% of sales. That was down from 16.2% last year. Negative mix offset our price increases, and inflation of $69 million was a drag in the quarter. Higher volume of $17 million was offset by start-up costs of $14 million, FX of $6 million and $9 million for plant shutdowns. Our third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $445 million, and we estimate full year to be about $1.7 billion. The income tax rate improved to 18.8% from 27.6%, as the 2017 U.S. tax reform drove the overall rate down. We estimate a fourth quarter rate of 19%, and in 2019, a full year rate of 22%. Earnings per share, excluding charges, was $3.29, a decrease of 12% compared to the prior year. Turning to the segments. Global Ceramic had sales of $886 million, down 1% as reported, with our legacy business up 1% on a constant FX basis. Our Russian business reported the strongest growth in this segment. Operating income, excluding charges, was $119 million, with a margin of 13.4%, down from 16.8% last year. Inflation of $29 million and declining price and mix of $8 million was offset by $15 million of incremental productivity. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $1,048,000,000, up 2% over last year. We had our strongest growth in LVT, which impacted most other product categories. Operating income, excluding charges, was $104 million, with 9.9% margin compared to 16.7% last year. Lower mix offset price increases with negative productivity of $24 million and inflation of $36 million, influencing our results. Productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing and efficiency levels and higher depreciation, employee cost and SG&A. Incremental start-up costs were $8 million. In the Flooring Rest of the World segment, sales were $612 million, up 17% over last year, with the business up 5% on a constant FX legacy basis. Operating income, excluding charges, was $97 million, with a margin of 15.8%, which was slightly less than 16.2% last year. Increased volume of $9 million and productivity of another $9 million, along with $6 million of higher price and mix, offset inflation of $4 million. Incremental start-up costs were $5 million during the quarter. In the corporate and eliminations segment, the operating loss, excluding charges, was $5 million. We expect the corporate expense to range from $30 million to $35 million for the full year. Then jumping to the balance sheet. Our receivables ended the quarter at $1,756,000,000, with DSO of 59 days in the third quarter. Inventories were $2,214,000,000. Inventory days ended at 118, which improved from 119 days in the fourth quarter of 2017. Inflation and backwards integration negatively impacted the calculations. Fixed assets were $4,586,000,000 and included capital expenditures of $145 million and depreciation and amortization of $133 million in the third quarter. We are estimating capital expenditures for the full year of 2018 to be $800 million, and depreciation and amortization is estimated at $520 million for the year. Next year, we estimate capital expenditures to range from $550 million to $570 million, and we anticipate D&A to be $570 million. We look at our long-term debt. Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong. We had total debt of $2.9 billion, with our leverage at 1.5x debt to total EBITDA. We expect free cash flow of $450 million for the full year of 2018. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Frank Boykin: First, Steve, I just wanted to clarify. You had said sales would be down in the fourth quarter. Is that what you said? Was that...
Frank Boykin: The inventories are expected to go down in the fourth quarter. And we would expect to continue to see improvement in our inventory turns as we move to the next year.
Frank Boykin: Kathryn, the two largest headwinds in the third quarter for the North American segment were, like I mentioned, $35 million of inflation and then the negative productivity of $23 million. We had shutdowns that hit the P&L for about $4 million, and then we had incremental start-ups that hit us for about $8 million. But the two largest were productivity and inflation. And we're - as Jeff said, we are putting in a fourth price increase at the end of this year to help continue to offset inflation, introducing new products to help with mix.
Frank Boykin: We've still got the pricing and the mix that we've got to address, and some of that has external influences.
Frank Boykin: The margin on ceramic is impacted by LBT and the pricing. But it's also being impacted by our mix, we're selling more into the builder channel, for example. And the other thing that's impacting our margin is higher freight cost which we've not been able to recover in pricing. We are taking a price increase in the fourth quarter that should help us a lot.
Frank Boykin: Steve, in some cases, like ceramic, we're taking down in the fourth quarter, both in the U.S. and Italy because it's the most economical time to take out inventories for us.
Frank Boykin: Start-up costs will be down significantly next year. It could be down as much as 50% from what it ran for the full year this year.
Frank Boykin: I think the best we can say right now is it should improve as we go through the year, particularly once we get out of the first quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We anticipate fourth quarter results continuing the soft trends we experienced in the third quarter. We expect sales to be slightly slower than the prior quarter in most markets and product categories. Even with price increases across the company, we will not offset inflation, and our results will remain under pressure. Our margins are being impacted by more competitive environments, declining product mix and lower manufacturing rates. We're introducing new products and executing cost reductions to improve our performance. In the U.S., we are expanding our internal transportation and optimizing our distribution. The Godfrey Hirst acquisition will benefit our results as we integrate our Australian and New Zealand businesses. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.45 to $2.60, excluding any onetime charges. Based on this estimate, our EBITDA for 2018 will be approximately $1.7 billion. In the first quarter of 2019, we expect some improvement from the fourth quarter, with operating income of $225 million to $250 million. Presently softening market conditions, significant inflation and declining product mix are hurting our results. LVT has an opportunity to expand while also impacting the volume, mix and pricing of our other products in the United States. We're reacting to a stronger dollar, which has compressed our margins. Going forward, our results should improve as we align pricing and enhance our product offering. Our new investments are on track with construction start-up and acquisition of customers and will provide profitable returns when optimized. We will continue acquiring premier companies like Eliane to expand our offering and geographic presence. Mohawk is the largest flooring company in the world, with low-cost positions in our products. Mohawk's operational depth, innovative products and strong balance sheet provide competitive advantages to create long-term value. With that, we'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're going through temporary conditions where you have inflation and the dollar strength and the market conditions, as you said, are negatively impacting it. It has taken us longer to align our pricing with the cost structures than we had expected, and we're adjusting those as we can with price increases everywhere. I think, as we look forward, it will take us this next year to adjust to it. But I think we're putting the right things in place to expand our business. We haven't got the benefit of all these investments we've been putting in, in different categories which, when we get the volume up to a certain level with the right product mix, will significantly enhance our long-term profits. We believe that the profitability of the existing businesses will improve over time and get back closer to where they were.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So productivity was impacted by lower manufacturing levels and efficiencies, higher employee costs, depreciation, higher SG&A and even some uncovered freight, among others. In the productivity, anything that gets worse ends up in the productivity category. We think it'll continue to lag in the near term, but we expect it to improve over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We anticipate continuous soft trends as we go into the fourth quarter, with sales slightly slower. We are continuing to assume that the price increases will lag our raw material inflation. In various markets, as - such as in the U.S., as the markets have slowed somewhat, we're seeing more competitive environments. We have declining product mix, and we're assuming lower manufacturing rates all the way through. With this, we're increasing prices further in almost every product and marketplace. We're putting out new products that'll have higher margins, and we're executing cost reductions to improve where we are. But it will take time to change the margin.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The costs in most of our product categories demand that we increase the prices. And we believe, from the announcements of the other competitors, that there's increases going on in those. The tariffs are - have limited impact so far, but there are increases in Chinese imports announced by others in the marketplace, which should help us implement a price increase in ceramic at the end of the year. The tariffs could rise to the 25% level in January. We think there's a reasonable probability they'll go in because we don't see the countries reaching a rational compromise. So as those occur, they should help improve our manufacturing positions in addition.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I said sales would be softer. But what's happening is we are cutting back on the production of the piece because at the third quarter, we started cutting back. And we're assuming it's going to be softer going into next year. So we're being more aggressive in the production rates going into the end of the year. Let me get some of it. And Frank, you can fill in the rest. What I'm saying also is that with the raw material inflation, you have the raw materials hitting the balance sheet before the sales prices have gone up. So the inventory turns get worse because the raw materials have increased, and it's showing up in the inventory dollars, in addition to having nothing to do with the units as the prices go up.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Okay. The difference in the numbers comes from two places. Some of the projects, we have moved out of this additional piece and into the other. We've been talking about this for about two years, so as some of the projects have been moved over. The second is the stronger dollar has impacted the translations of the sales back into U.S. dollars as the dollar has strengthened, is it - so that's the difference in the two. All of the projects are in all kinds of different states. In the remarks we sort of talked through, there are certain ones that are along in the process. There's other ones that are just getting started as you go through. They're all in various stages of completion and ramping up. Then with each of the investments, it depends on the cost of starting and stopping it. In some cases, we go out and sell it at lower margins to try to get the volume going through it, which doesn't help the profitability, but it gets the thing started up faster. In other cases, if the costs are lower, we will ramp it up as we put the sales on in each other. So in all the cases, they go through the stage where you're first underutilized and the mix is poor. Then they get to a point where there's enough volume going through it that they move from a loss to a breakeven, give or take. And then it usually takes at least a year to get the volume up where you want. And then the next year, we start working on the mix between the two. So it takes periods of going through them depending upon - they're all in different spots a little bit as we start. Some haven't even gotten finished coming out of the ground yet. The new quartz plant in Tennessee, which is going to get helped by all the tariffs that are going on and countertops, the tariffs are for Chinese assisting their suppliers. And there could be future dumping charges on top if they're already up high. That should help us fill up the plant faster, for instance. But all the projects have to go through this process, which is - it takes several years to get them to the optimized point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The guidance, I think, was saying that the decrease in - relative to the prior year would improve over the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Q1 is always a much lower volume than the fourth quarter, and I don't think we're going to change that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The tariffs, it takes a while for the marketplace to adjust to the changes. And in the marketplace, some people have raised it already. I'm not sure all have at this point because of some inventory pieces, but I think most are going up. If the tariffs go up to 25%, you're going to change the value relationship of it versus other products in the marketplace. And it should have an impact on its use in the marketplace relative to where it is and should change the growth rate and change the alternatives for it. And people may start using other things more. But we'll have to see. But again, it won't happen like a light switch. It's going to have to change over time.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It hasn't hit the market yet. We've been testing it for a period of time. It looks like it's going to work. We have a small production starting up that we're starting ready to introduce it. What it does is when you put in ceramic, it usually takes at least two days to prep the floor, put it in and go to different stages to get the job done. This will cut the time in half by at least half, and you can get the whole job done in a day that would take you two days. Is it - and so the product's going to cost more, but the total install cost should be a benefit and it should cut the time significantly. So we think it has an opportunity to make the industry more competitive and make it easier to train people to install it. And we're on the initial stages of it today, but we think it's going to help the industry be more competitive.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We don't have the units and volume here to give you. The fourth period will be significantly higher than the third quarter going into it and in multiple markets and product categories, as I said, as we go into next year with a lower expectation of the volume. And I forgot the last part of your question.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're lowering the production below the selling rates in the third quarter. And then I'm hesitating a little bit, the first quarter is always a slower quarter, so it's typically - we don't run as hard in the first quarter, in general, just because it's always lower.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. In the United States, we have been running the ceramic underneath the sales rate for a period of time, lowering the inventories in it. But - and come next year, we expect to run the rates aligned with our selling.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You're dealing with a process that has never been run before and going through. So it's - what happens is you start up the plant running at slow speeds with very simple products. And then over time, you keep speeding it up and you keep adding new products to it. It's not unusual as you go to each incremental stage that something that worked at a slower speed or with less things going on, that things don't work as they're supposed to. And you have to adjust things. What we had in the quarter, we had both software problems, that the software as we tried to speed it up and make it work, the software was not talking to itself properly, and we also had physical mechanical failures where things broke and we had to replace them. These are normal things as we go through. What we believe is that we'll keep going through these incremental changes all through next year and by the end of next year, the production lines should be operating at the capabilities that we expect. Even with that, you're still increasing the market, and you're still adding product to it. So I don't know if - as these things incrementally pick up, it takes time to balance the increased speeds with an increased output with the sales. So you're adjusting the sales strategies. And then typically, you're also - the product mix, when you start, is lower. And we probably will be working more on the product mix in 2020, as it - as you've gotten it settled down and you're putting higher-value products, the product mix will change, So you won't - we won't get the full benefit until sometime in 2020.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: And it doesn't include anything for the tariffs since we're not sure that - what's going to happen. And then if the tariffs are put in, again, it's not going to happen overnight. The market just isn't going to flip from one to something else in 1.5 minutes.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The mix has been a significant piece as the - our sales have traded down from higher-value, more differentiated products with higher margins to lower-margin products as some of our customer base tries to hold price points in the marketplace. And then the other part of it is we have sold more in lower-value categories, so our sales in multifamily and builder, which is lower-value products at lower margins, has increased relative to the total versus the remodeling business on the other side, is it, which is the LVT's impacted the remodeling business at a greater amount.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So part of it is that we are taking a larger share of lower-value products as the ceramic industry has slowed down. So that's part of the mix shift. And then this freight piece that he talks about, the freight part we sell ceramic all landed. And we haven't recovered the freight. But we think with the tariffs and pieces, it offers us an opportunity to recover part of the cost.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Two things. One is on the carpet side, the amount of it and the frequency of it has made it difficult to continue to get them through there. It's made it harder to read the competition and to react in the marketplace as we go through. And then they all don't go in on day one, they flow in overtime as you go through. So all those things have made it more difficult than usual. And because of the amount of changeover time, it's increasing the amount of trading down to lower-priced products to keep the price point which is also affecting the mix, which is offsetting a lot of the price increase. On the ceramic side, the biggest impact is this cost of freight. It is heavy and you move it, and the U.S. freight rates have been going up dramatically. And with the dollar strengthening, we haven't been able to recover all of the pricing. But we think we're going to get more of it in the fourth quarter than we have all year. And at the same time, we've talked about the same thing going on with mix. As the volume has been impacted in the United States, we're selling more lower-value products, all of which end up impacting the margins. And it all looks like price, but it's not all exactly price.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The productivity is impacted by the unit volumes, but there are also other inefficiencies of things going on as we go through. We talked about even some of the freight charges end up in productivity. If they're not billed to the customer, they end up as a difference in last year versus of this year internal cost, which ends up in productivity. So I think the productivity will improve over time, but it's not going to improve tomorrow.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We expect to get more price increase in all the different product categories, and every dollar we get helps improve the margins and offset the raw materials that we have. So we're expecting that to better align as we go through. We're taking actions with the new products to put out products that have higher margins, which should help it. But selling lower-value categories will continue in the piece from where it is today. I don't see that changing as we try to operate the business and get whatever share we can in the marketplace as we go through.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: One more thing. Part of the up to though, with the margins, all these new pieces we talk - I've gone over a few times of how they go. So in some cases, the volume's going to go up, but the margin's going to lag until the plants hit the cost structures they need and the mix.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The business - I think what we try to put forward is that the business will continue to be pressured next year, that the prices will not cover all the mix, inflation and pressures that we've been talking about. That - we have said that the income in the first quarter will be down. Over time, we expect the pricing mix and inflation to be better aligned. But the industry pressures across the market would have to improve for us to exceed 2018 earnings next year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: First is a portion of that is still paying for those new investments. Even though the equipment's put in, typically, you pay for it in some time to make sure it does like it's supposed to. So there's lags in the investments. So it could be 20% or more of next year's budget's paying for the stuff that's going in, in the third and fourth quarter of this year. So the ongoing pieces, you have to take those out. And then if you look at the other parts, almost all the investments were very little going into increasing capacity anywhere is going into improving efficiencies. And then you have the normal maintenance and things you have to invest in as a typical thing. But that's the big chunk, so...
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We think the stock is undervalued, and we - the window opens on Monday. And we plan to be in the market, purchasing stock.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: If inflation stopped today, I would hope that we would get most of the increases through in the first quarter and be more aligned. But some of the things are at different levels than they were. You got - I got to keep putting apart, one's inflation and one is this change in the channel mix and change in the product mix that we're doing. So as we go through the market, we are changing - the average value of the products is lower and the average margin on the lower mix is lower. So it's a combination of both. The mix won't change even if we could magically get rid of the inflation today, which is causing the compression.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You guys are asking the questions so long, by the time I get to the end, I get confused what the questions were.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I mean, all the different product categories, if you say LVT took 100% of the industry growth, and everything else is about even. And then we're seeing lower unit volumes in most of them. So all of them are being cut back everywhere. And that's where you see us moving into lower-value products, which we might not have taken as much of in prior years or period, that's compressing the mix, and they're all interrelated.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You can't start and stop those. You have to stop them for a significant periods of time. So we're stopping and going into the fourth quarter even more.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: You have this mix change that I keep talking about, about selling more lower-value products, which is impacting the margins. And that's going to continue for the foreseeable future. On the other hand, we do expect to get the pricing more aligned than it has been. So that's going to help. And then the industry will have to see where it goes. I'm still assuming the industry's going to be up next year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We're going to continue working on the costs of all our businesses. And we've taken various actions, some of them we talked through already. We consolidated a couple of service centers. We are taking out some older cost assets as we speak. We're consolidating some warehousing in different parts of the country. We continue to increase the efficiencies and production of all the different businesses.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I'm not so sure my ouija board is any better than yours at guessing the future. I can say that like Mexico, Mexico, last year, the ceramic business grew double digits. This year, it's negative. I have no idea what's going to happen with the NAFTA behind and where it is. We believe it's going to get better, for instance. In Europe, the first half of the year was stronger, and we've seen weakening across almost all the markets. As we go through, there's a lot of political things making people uncomfortable. And I'm not sure how they're going to translate into next year's growth, and in particularly on all parts and pieces. In our ceramic business, we have a large business in Italy, and there's all kinds of confusion over the political environment as it goes through. So at the moment, we're just assuming all of them are going to be somewhat softer. But I can't tell you that we have any insight that's going to tell us how much or what's going to happen.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We've looked in Brazil for a long period of time, and we've talked to a lot of companies. And the ceramic industry had gone through a downturn, and it's coming out of it. We think that it's improved, and that allowed us to come to an agreement with one of the companies that we think is one of the best down there in Brazil.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So we think it gives us a good position to grow from. And we started in Europe, and we bought one business in Italy. And now we have positions in Italy, Spain, Bulgaria. We're building one in Poland. So it's a large market where ceramic is really strong, and we're hoping that it will give us a foothold to expand the business much better. Their business has always been constrained by capital, and we think we can provide them more capital and we can help them beyond that. So it seems like an opportunity to expand on a long-term basis.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So normally - there's two parts. One is you have - you always have trading down when you have inflation. So whenever you have high rates of inflation, you see trading down as people try to maintain price points in pieces. Now usually, the inflation amount, it doesn't - isn't as great as this, so there's more trading down going on. At the same time, you see a channel mix change with us, whereas LVT - this one's different as LVT is taking more of the growth in the normal channels, we are getting more volume in lower-value price points. So that's not a normal circumstance in this. Normally, we would have that circumstance in a recession, and it's not for the same reason. In a recession, we try to optimize our price mix and maximize our margins when business is good. In a recession, what happens is we start taking lower-value, lower-return products to keep the assets running. So this time, it's caused more because the industry volume is more. And then all this together then changes the competition in the marketplace as everybody's reacting to the situation.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have - with the prior moves in Europe, with Bulgaria, we have a - Bulgaria is the lowest labor area in all of Europe, and it could be one of the lowest ones in the world. We have Brazil, which is a lower one which is new. We're in Mexico, which is also low. So - and we have Poland, which is also low. Now on the other hand, ceramic has high freight so we can - it's not that we can't compete. It's that our margins are less. As the dollar strengthens, our cost positions allow us to compete, except the competition is reducing our margins. And we try to balance the volume with the pricing that we do.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Europe is a totally different market, and it reacts different. And then you can't really even talk about Europe as a whole because each country and the dynamics and where they're located are different. The U.S. is used by a lot of countries as the dumping ground and has always been. In ceramic, I think 50-something percent of the ceramic sold in the United States historically comes from somewhere else. So we're used to competing in this environment with it as you go through. In Europe, you have a different set of dynamics. So our European business out of Italy is based on mid- to high, and we have very little sales in low coming out of our Italian operations. Different than our Bulgarian operations. They focus mostly on the mid- to low end, and we're expanding capacity to ship more into the rest of Europe from Bulgaria. But that's not our core business as you go through. But in Europe, in the last 1.5 years or two, they have increased the production of ceramic. And then what happened is the ceramic industry has slowed down, so the competitive nature of the market has changed in the last 4 or 5 months from where it has been. And we're having to react with pricing as well as other things in the marketplace. But in LVT it is not accepted and it's not as broad as it is here. You get down into the southern part of Europe, I mean, they've been using ceramic in huge quantities for thousands of years. It's embedded in their culture. And again, each market's a little different. So we don't expect that LVT will reach the same levels, but it's increasing. And we are one of the largest participants in it over there.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have temporary conditions that we're adjusting to. Our business' investments will improve our margins and our profitability over time, and our new investments will be optimized when we get the volume and mix where we would like it. We're well positioned for the long term. In the short term, we're really focused on improving our margins in the various businesses. Thank you for joining us.
William Wellborn: Stephen, I would just add that we're increasing some of the source materials, like an quartz, for example, and we're taking down our manufactured inventories.
William Wellborn: Yes. I would just add that we've had discussions with Eliane probably 15 or 20 years. The - it's an excellent family, excellent management team. They have the number two position in Brazil, which is the - a huge market and has the best brand in the market.
William Wellborn: Yes. I would say in every market, we are the low-cost producer and we have the best product offering and the best distribution in every market that we're in. The strong dollar in the U.S. is causing imports to be more competitive than they normally would. But even in the U.S., we're a low-cost producer.
