Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. First, I want to congratulate Jim on his new position. I worked with him for more than 10 years and look forward to Jim further enhancing our business strategies and results in his new role. We had a very strong first quarter and delivered record sales of $2.6 billion, an increase of 9% as reported with adjusted operating earnings and EPS of 305 million and $3.54. The business was stronger than we had anticipated with residential markets outperforming around the globe. Our free cash flow for the fourth quarter was about $248 million after capital investments of 160 million. For the year, we generated record cash flow of more than 1.3 billion. In the first half of last year, our industry was under enormous stress as the pandemic spread and we responded to this disruption by minimizing costs, lowering inventory levels, initiating restructuring actions, and reinforcing our liquidity.  In the second half, the residential flooring demand recovered significantly faster than expected as people spent more time at home. Meanwhile, commercial flooring demand remains depressed due to business investments being postponed or canceled. Our inventory levels decreased in the second and third period as sales strengthens and production was limited by capacity, workforce absenteeism, and labor shortages. SG&A investments and promotional activities were curtailed during the year to improve our margins. The pandemic created substantial differences between our segments that have varying restrictions, stimulus, consumer responses, and our ability to raise production levels. Our revenues and operating income rebounded and surpassed the prior year for both the fourth quarter and the second half. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations as we posted our highest ever quarterly sales even with increasing COVID cases around the world. All of our markets are strengthening residential purchases with laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl outperforming other flooring categories. Our residential performance was partially offset by a weak commercial market in the regions where we have more significant business in that channel. Our results were improved by higher volumes, restructuring and greater leverage on costs, while being adversely affected by lower runs and inventory, absenteeism and labor shortages in some operations. We are also seeing greater inflationary pressures in many product categories, and we are increasing prices to recover. Our Flooring Rest of the World Segment continued to outperform with significant sales growth, higher operating leverage, and improved productivity.  The segment delivered further improvements in LVT production costs, which enhanced our performance in the period. Our Global Ceramic and Flooring North America segments also improved although both experienced a greater impact from commercial headwinds. Through the fourth quarter we have achieved about $50 million of the projected $100 million to $110 million in anticipated savings from our restructuring initiatives. We continue to assess some projects based on changing market conditions. After paying off our short-term debt and prefunding our longer-term maturities in the second quarter, our net debt leverage is at historical low. Our strong financial position gives us flexibility to pursue additional opportunities, including internal investments, acquisitions, and stock purchases.  Since the third quarter, we’ve acquired approximately 1 million shares of our stock for $130 million as part of our share repurchase plan. As the pandemic began, our organization has been protecting one another and supporting our customers around the world. We are mitigating the spread of COVID utilizing best practices while testing and tracking employees with potential contacts. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Our fourth quarter sales and operating performance were much stronger than we anticipated. We ran our plants around the world at high levels during the period, but fell short of the inventory build we anticipated. Our operations are taking actions to optimize throughputs and reach our desired service level. Given present trends, the momentum of our residential business should remain strong while commercial should slowly improve from its trough. We will benefit from structural improvements in our costs and innovative new products that will enhance our mix. Most of the COVID restrictions around the world have not directly impacted the sales or installation of our products. Continued government subsidies and low interest rates should support economic recoveries, new home construction, and residential remodeling. We see increasing inflation in most of our product categories and are raising prices in response. Assuming current conditions continue, we anticipate our first quarter adjusted EPS to be between $2.69 and $2.79, excluding restructuring charges. The strength of our organization was demonstrated by our management of last year's historic decline in sales and the subsequent spike in demand, while protecting our employees and customers. Our strategies and initiatives remained flexible to adapt to changing economic conditions. With improving sales and cash flow and a strong balance sheet, we are well-positioned to take advantage of future opportunities. We’ll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see if we can give you some more color on that. The trends from the fourth quarter are continuing into the first quarter. Residential remain strong and commercial continues at depressed levels. As we go through the year, we anticipate the economy strengthening more and housing trends remaining positive. At this point, we see commercial coming off the trough, but we do not expect it to rebound to prior levels this year. Our commercial margins to remind you are higher than our residential and have a significant impact on our Flooring North America and Global Ceramic Segments. Our SG&A spending, we expect to stay in-line this year with the sales growth, and full-year margin should expand with improved costs and mix. Our production and productivity should be higher with less interruptions, absenteeism improving, and increased inventory, and cost saving initiatives. All the businesses that we have, have upside from last year, but it's not unlimited. And we do not have the normal inventory of a cushion to help us as we go through the year. A weaker dollar will also improve our foreign translated results and a tax rate should go back to normal at around 21%. If you look at the first quarter, it's going to be seasonally stronger than historical. And it's going to have 5% more days in it. As we said, we're raising prices 3% to 8% and sometimes even more, given the inflationary pressures that are going on. In the period, we're also still managing absenteeism that's at high rates in some places, as well as some supply disruptions in various markets and products. As we go into the second quarter, it has low comps, and you guys need to adjust the sales relative to the trend line rather than last year. And then last year, as we look at the third and fourth quarters, it rebounded significantly, which is making our comps more difficult than the second half. As COVID gets under control, we'll have to see how spending on remodeling of homes changes if at all. We and our customers during those second half periods or third and fourth quarter reduced the holiday time off. That positively impacted revenues, as well as margins for both periods. We anticipate more normal conditions in the second half of this year. Then when we get to the fourth quarter, again it has the 6% fewer days this year than last year. So, that's to try to help you with some of the quarterly trends.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're trying to match them up. Some of the increases were announced, implemented at the end of the fourth quarter. They're going in all different times through the first quarter. And some could lag into the second quarter and the different channels and pieces. We’re trying to get them lined up. We think we're going to be reasonably successful. The raw material prices, most of the costs, you know, are increasing, and we don't know if we've seen the end of it, as well as the transportation changes is that – so we're going to have to stay flexible and keep adjusting with them as we go through. With all this, we expect the annual margins to increase and, you know, we're going to have to keep responding to it as it moves.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess, going into the markets first with the increases, it helps that the markets are tighter than they are normally and the inventories are lower across the whole marketplaces. So that should help us implement them better. The price mix, we're hoping to improve the price mix as we change the product offering and improve it, as well as the market gets better. The remodeling part of the market is a stronger part and it’s typically higher value products. So the two conditions, we're hoping to get the price mix, not having the same detriments with all of that this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess related to 2018 there's a lot of differences. We went in, and we made decisions to invest in a lot of startup pieces in 2017, and 2018, and 2017 and 2018 we had a lot of costs as those things were coming up. Some of them, most of those things are now operating well are reaching the profitability that we want. We mentioned several of them, the quartz countertop business, the plant in Russia, multiple other ones are all coming up. The LVT in Europe is in-line with our rest of our profitability. And we're expecting it to catch up this year with the engineers here executing as we speak, to change the problems in the United States. At the same time, we had some of our own internal and organizational problems. You know, we changed the management and organization of the Flooring North America business at the same time. And so those are all different this year. And then we're more aggressively trying to push prices through the marketplace and we think it's helpful that our competitors have – are tight, as well as having other limitations in their own business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I’ll start out with the margins for the full-year, we're expecting to be above last year and keep improving. When you get into the second half of the year, last year was really unusual because of COVID people took time off. So, when we got to the normal holiday season, like in Europe, we ran mostly straight through it. At the same time, our customers were still buying products and doing things. The question is going to be, how strong is the business this year? And what are people going to – how's it going to change the way people act? And to tell you the truth, we have a big question mark on our piece, we don't know. We're assuming that the third quarter will be more difficult with the cops because we're assuming we'll get back to closer vacation schedules and timing. The other part with the economy, the economy could expand enough where the business keeps going and is stronger. And actually is better than we think. We're having a hard time estimating what's going to happen between the economy growth and COVID stopping? And if you know…
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not used to comparing the two. The fourth quarter trends are going to continue. The trends in the fourth quarter continue. The demand is still coming in strong. And, you know, commercial, we hope is going to slowly improve. So, we – if you look at the fourth quarter now, but you have to remember, first quarter is always different. We have more sampling and new products that go on. We have introducing of things. We have shows going on. We have costs that don't happen all across the world. And so the cost structure of the first quarter is different, as well as you know, the rest of businesses is why it typically, you know, the margins drop, and the sales are lower. The difference this time is that sales are stronger than the historical time. You also have, you know, the wintertime and the thing is, how it impacts shopping and not in different markets and places. So, you have to, it'll be stronger than normally historical. But you can't forget all the normal seasonal things that happen.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you remember in last quarter, we actually reduced it. Last quarter and announced we were reducing it. Other than that, we have a few projects where we're watching, but we haven't concluded fully. We'll have to see how the market goes, and determine what to do, but we're staying with the same numbers at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. The first question is about laminate. So, laminate, historically, the laminate market was considered a low end market. Most of it was sold through the home centers. And we had a premium position with differentiated products and performance features. What's happened is that the premium part of the market that we're in, we have made it as an alternative that’s seen as a good alternative to both wood and LVT, and so the markets growing. At the same time, the markets expanded into other channels because of it, it's now being used in new construction. It's being accepted as an alternative to wood. It's being used in the retail remodeling business at a much higher level and it's still doing well and growing in the home center channels. So, all the parts are coming together.  And the same thing is happening in the European business with our unique position in the marketplace. With that, we have a new line coming in that will be operating in the end of this year, will add about another $125 million of capacity to the U.S. market. We are importing product from our operations around the world to supplement it until that comes in, as we go through. So the business is doing well, and we're expanding it. Further, the LVT business continues to do well. We are expanding our capacities by operating in plants well, and then at the same time, we're looking at various plans how to grow further and long-term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah, depending on [indiscernible] you remember when Frank pointed out, it's a little bit of an unusual situation, because your actual cost is even, you know extra days. Your actual cost is running higher with the shorter runs. You know, the absenteeism that we're facing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What you're going to see Sam is that once you reached kind of the anniversary date of the actions that taken place, you kind of laugh those costs, and the lower costs will now be part of your operation. So, we announced that in Q2, now, some of the actions will take longer in terms of the plant consolidations and such through the year, but that's why I'm saying that the largest part of the remaining savings should come in the first half of the year, as we anniversary the actions we took in 2020.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It did ramp. So, it ramped from Q2 to Q3 to Q4 and then Q1 and Q2 should be about the same pace as Q4, which is a [full impact].
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us today. The industry is in a good position. It appears the category should do well, and we think we're well-positioned to take advantage of it. We appreciate you taking time in joining us. Have a good day.
Jim Brunk: Let me take the first part of that, and then let Jeff respond to the second half. So, I think you have to go back to the fourth quarter. As I said, you know, the price mix being a drag and about $30 million. But you had a strong, strong rebound on productivity of about $71 million for the quarter, in total. And part of that would be driven by obviously, our restructuring initiatives, that as you also point out, we are able to run our assets longer during the quarter, which is certainly going to help from an absorption and a margin standpoint.
Jim Brunk: The commercial business remains depressed in all the pieces. We have large pieces in service industries, like the hospitality industry, the retail and office sectors as well. And then we also have a big airline business. And so, all the sectors there are under pressure, and they haven't come out. You have the new construction part of the business, which people stop. So, there's going to be a void in between the new construction projects that are ending that's helped some of our businesses as they've kept flowing through. But the new ones, there's a void in between and we're having a hard time gauging how they're going to pick up and where they're going to come through.  And then just as one more part in our commercial business, in the category we’re the last thing to go in. So, everything else has to be done before ours comes in and we fill the pickup. So, we're having a difficult time seeing where it's going to come out. The two businesses that we have – the where we have the most the big parts of commercial are in our Flooring North America carpet business, our LVT business, our U.S. Ceramic business and our European Ceramic businesses are where the largest pieces are. The other businesses are much more heavier and residential, and don't have the same impact that they're having in those three.
Jim Brunk: The costs are changing almost daily. We won't have the roll up till the end of the quarter was actually happening. The 3% to 8% is the result of the cost changes. And those cost changes, we may have to go up further, depending on how they go. We think we pass through what we see. There are some supply interruptions. They haven't become dramatic yet, but there are some where the supply constraints are limiting some of it and causing the cost to go up more, as we go through. I forgot the last part of your question.
Jim Brunk: We don't have any idea that the prices are moving so much. You have the oil prices that have gone up recently. We thought that we had a good hand on where they're going to go. We don't know whether oil is going to end up at $60 or at $45 to $50 to tell you the truth. Is it – and the same thing around the world and the different pieces. So, we're going to have to stay flexible and react to it because we don't know the answer.
Jim Brunk: And then also in Q1, you know, comparability Q1, last year, or towards the end of February, we started to be impacted in Europe. And then at the end of March, we obviously were impacted in most of our businesses. So, the compatibility is difficult as well.
Jim Brunk: 2021 the capital spending is targeted to be in-line with that D&A. So capital spending around that $590 million mark, we're focused on adding some capacity as we talked about in laminate, in Brazil, ceramic and looking at courts as well, making investments for new products. And there are many cost savings projects as well in that number. Also converting leases to owned assets as part of that.
Jim Brunk: It's been clear that $50 million has been already in our P&L. So, that's the year to date benefit we saw in 2020 of the 100 million to 110 million. So the balance of that we believe will flow through 2021. Remember, we had previously noted that we should get $15 million to $25 million a quarter. So, that benefit should be somewhat front-loaded in 2021. Our costs and margins are reflecting the benefits of our actions. And again, we'll complete that as we go through the year.
Jim Brunk: So in Europe, the European market is significantly smaller for LVT than the United States. I think it's somewhere in the realm of about half the size of it. It's growing, but at a smaller rate, and it's not being accepted at the same level. Our business is increasing substantially in Europe. Our operations are running reasonably well. And we still think there are significant improvements to make and mix product innovation and efficiencies as we go through the year to enhance the margins further. We're expecting the productivity to allow us to continue to satisfy high increases. And we have probably five or six engineers over in the United States today transferring all the knowledge that they've been doing to get us up to theirs. With that there were also putting through price increases to cover both the significant material changes, as well as transportation cost rising. Is that and then just as a comment, the ocean freight from Asia is up dramatically, [as it’s] affecting all the costs.
Jim Brunk: It's probably at least six months to get it. It's probably more than six months, because what happens is, some of it takes equipment modifications and equipment modifications. Some of them take four months to five months to make. And we didn't want to put them in here until they were proven. On the other hand, there's a lot of immediate things that are going on now. Speeds are going up quality – the cost of the materials and pieces are getting better. So, we're going to see improvements significantly as we go through the year, but it'll probably be six to nine months before we get up to their level.
Jim Brunk: I think there’s some confusion. He is talking about an additional 50 to get to the 110, not the same 50.
Jim Brunk: It’s in the first quarter numbers, but the build we're talking about is going to go throughout the year. It's not all going to happen in the first quarter.
