Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. In the second quarter, our business delivered results at the high end of our guidance. Our sales were $2.6 billion up slightly as reported and up 2.4% on a constant basis. Our adjusted operating income was $277 million or 10.7% of sales. The U.S. dollar strength when compared to the prior year reducing our translated results for the quarter by approximately $9 million, most markets we operate and remain soft and with pressure; with pressure on volume and pricing. We anticipate the environment to remain difficult. In the U.S. housing sales remain below last year's level impacting flooring demand in our largest market. LVT continued to grow significantly affecting our other product categories. Many of our other geographic markets soften with their economies reducing flooring sales and increasing pricing pressure from excess capacity. In Europe, political and Brexit concerns slowed the economic growth, Australia was further impacted by a housing bubble. The Russian economy has softened and Brazil has slowed to political uncertainties. The Mexican ceramic industry is growing despite a slowing local economy. Given these uncertainties, we are taking actions to improve our business. We are streamlining our operations, consolidating facility and taking out higher cost assets. We are reducing production to control inventory level introducing new product categories and increasing promotions to address change in markets. We are reducing overhead structures and controlling investments. We benefited in the period from lower material cost offset by labor and energy cost that continue to arrive. To recover inflation, we implemented many price increases in the first half of the year, though much of the benefit has been offset by mix and competitive pressures. We are improving our administrative cost, while investing in sales support, new products and entering new geographies. Our LVT manufacturing has improved significantly with increased speed, efficiencies and yield in both rigid and flexible products. As our LVT processes improve, we are initiating trials on new features to enhance our differentiation. We will implement additional process enhancement this year as we further improve our output. While managing these challenges, we are enhancing the long-term value of the business. The utilization of our new investments in U.S., Europe and Russia is increasing as we broaden our product offering, expand our customer base and had shift to increase production. The critical integration of our acquisitions in Australia, New Zealand and Brazil as largely been executed. Our management teams there are focused on improving our market position, offerings, and cost structure. In each acquisition, we are progressing with new investments to enhance our capability and introduce new products. These acquisitions are contributing to our results as we build a foundation for growth and margin expansions. The margins of our greenfield projects will increase over time as our sales, production and mix improve and cost decline. For the specifics on the period, I will turn the call over to Chris Wellborn.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Glenn. The general conditions in our flooring markets around the world have become more challenging and competition more intense. We're taking actions to improve sales, reduce our costs, manage our inventory and adjust our offerings. The U.S. flooring market is the most difficult and we're taking actions to increase our volume and reduce our costs. In the U.S. ceramic lower demand and purchases ahead of tariffs, have created excess inventory in a market which is impacting sales and margins. Our LVT production has increased substantially in the U.S. and Europe and will continue to improve throughout the year as we introduce more sophisticated technology. Our flooring rest of the world segment is delivering solid results despite softening markets. Our new plants in the U.S., Europe and Russia have made substantial progress increasing output and we're increasing our sales to achieve our planned results over time. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the third quarter is $2.68 per share excluding any onetime charges. As we manage through the current conditions, impacting the flooring sector, we're focused on optimizing the long-term growth of our business. We are implementing numerous changes that will enhance our future results. We have leading positions in our products and markets and our new investments will provide solid returns when further developed. Our balance sheet and cash flow are strong with our net debt to adjusted EBITDA 1.8x which will further decrease by the end of the year. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You just have to take the turns in the inventory times whatever the volume is going to be and that's the change in the inventory. I will have to guess or whatever, you'd have to guess or whatever you've wanted to be -- expected to be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So we're going to see how the world develops over the next six months and we'll have a better view of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've made dramatic progress in the last quarter stabilizing the LVT lines increasing speeds in yield. In Europe, the market today is still primarily flexible LVT, with rigid gaining acceptance just at the beginning of it. The new line is presently running flexible LVT at higher rates and it's running rigid almost as fast as the older production lines. With further changes this year, with its improved fee, yields and costs that will make our manufacturing more competitive improve our margins. Just as a note, the products floor performance is the best in the marketplace. And this fall, we'll be adding new features to increase it. Relating to the U.S., in the U.S. our production increased 30% over the prior period. The line is about three months behind the European line in its progress and they're collaborating really well with people going back and forth almost weekly to keep them in the sync. In both markets we're focused on expanding sales and product offering and adding new features. We continue to improve our sales mix, but just it takes time because when the production moves up it takes time to align the market with the changes in the production it doesn't happen overnight.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's moving towards that now as we have to keep making changes. We expect next year for the thing to turn and then the profits will take time. I don't know how fast we can align the sales with the mix to get it optimized. It may happen in the latter of next year or may take longer to get fully optimized.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Coming out of the first quarter, we thought we were seeing trends that were going to improve and we thought that the mortgage rate decline would have improved housing. And here we are three months later and the housing market still remains slow. And competition has increased. The LTV is still impacting all the other categories and putting pressure on them. With it you have a decline in industry units in both and almost all the other categories, but we do as you go through. And then in the residential carpet business, we underperformed the market that we did, but we changed leadership to address it. The new team is in place. They've made dramatic improvements throughout the business. But, at the same time, the mix has declined. We're increasing more promotional activities along with the marketplace. We're expanding our polyester offering as it grows in the marketplace and we're taking actions to improve our results by increasing -- by reducing the headcount replacing high cost assets. We've closed inefficient plants and will continue to take more actions through the fall.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Steve, I'll just comment. The industry units are off in ceramic due to lower housing and LVT. There's excess inventory in the market now that was purchased ahead of these tariffs and that's complicating the conditions and estimates. Also you've got a strong dollar right now has increased pressure on pricing. In the fall, we have this Chinese anti-dumping duties that are likely and we expect the market to stabilize as the inventory rebalances.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We did under perform the market, which is the reason that we made the changes in the leadership a while back. The new team has put a lot of things in place. We've realigned the organization by product category. We've increased our operational performance, our product and pricing management is better as well as our customer focus. There have been many changes that have already improved, the cost, quality and service. And I'm confident we're addressing the right issues. The mix, the customers are trading down from higher quality to lower quality, which is typical to when you raise prices they do tend to trade down to try to maintain the price points. And then trying to increase volume, everybody tends to sell price, there is more attention to selling price in the marketplace. And the higher differentiated products, we have higher margins, so as you trade down the margins compress in addition. Not sure I answered all the questions, you have still one.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet industry was down. I think about 6% in units and we underperformed in the residential and we performed well in the commercial business. In the laminate business, what you see is lower end laminates declining and premium laminates actually growing both in the U.S. and in Europe. We're the leader in premium laminate with a very limited low-end business where we have superior visuals, the waterproof technology, we're ahead of the marketplace, scratch resistance, we are all making those grow as alternatives to both wood and LVT in certain markets. And we're seeing it being used in more markets both in the U.S. and in Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: With the industry volumes under pressure, this excess inventory and excess capacity in the marketplace and as you would expect people try to promote more volume and we too those are putting pressure on it and the pricing is all embedded in our third quarter estimate that we gave.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Products actually have better floor performance than the alternatives that are similar to them. But the difference performance features and we just have to keep expanding the alternatives and options in the marketplace to catch up with the production moves that we've already made.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We've gone over with this trailing review, the conditions and what's going on in the businesses and the changes in different geographies. And we're taking all these actions to improve the pieces but the market is in really hard to anticipate how all this is going to level out both with volume and margins. So, we're not giving out future estimates beyond where we are.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's going to be difficult in the near term until the inventory gets all managed out. There's a high likelihood of these duties from China. China makes up about in 2018 over 30% of the imported products that are coming in. And if these duties get put on there's going to be a reshuffling that go dramatically around the industry and some of it's already started. So, we'll have to see how that plays out.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've gone through the third quarter with the excess inventories and the pressures in all the economy. As you look out further, we don't see anything that's going to change the softening markets in most of the places and the difficulties unless we get a surprise in the U.S. with housing and the economy, which could help. In the third quarter, we built in lower volume and margins relative to these pieces as well as increased competition and reduced production. And we have a lot of actions going on, the actions to take out costs. It takes up over a quarter to flow through before they show up. So, there'll be some benefit show up in the fourth quarter, and then after that next year you'll see most of the benefit of the different actions we've taken. Just to remind you the fourth quarter margins last year were significantly depressed, so it makes the comparison easier this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Consolidating warehouses, in Europe, we are optimizing headcount in the ceramic business and we are reducing wood capacity both in the U.S. and Europe or the actions, the restructuring costs, again, the restructuring savings, first you have to complete them. Then it has to flow through inventory, so the timing in it depends on it, some of them are already complete, some of them are just beginning and some of them haven't started yet. 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. They should be next year. The point is that some of the stuff that doesn't get completed till the fourth quarter, you won't get the benefit till the second quarter next year. So some of it you won't get the full benefit for the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, we're reacting on what we see for the near-term if the industry gets worse, the economies change. We'll have to re-evaluate what we're doing and enjoy. I mean one event that we know we're going to have in the ceramic is that these excess inventories will eventually adjust themselves with the imports coming down. And then, you have the Chinese tariffs kicking in. Those are things that we have in front of us that should improve it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, you have to start out with -- some of the different products are different materials and different pieces that don't change the product at all. People just use different formulations of different pieces. And so that's just alternatives which don't change anything different ones to. Second, there are some niche things coming in that have yet to evolve with different cores that may or may not do something or may not, it's too early to tell and most of them. The production that we have -- we can make all of the stuff that's selling at high volumes today and compete with them with the equipment that we have. And then, in the U.S., Our plan is to continue sourcing significant amounts and if there's some niche products or other pieces we need as well as the same things we can -- resourcing those too, so we don't see any limitations in what we can do. On the differentiation you try to continue to bring either visual performance enhancements, surface textures, different ways of stalling the product. So you try to keep creating incremental improvements about those things as well as performance on how they scratch, how they [indiscernible] and how it's going to improve the long-term ease of clean and care? And so all the different things we're doing are around all those different premises.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I assume you've seen the data that somebody published, the data is, it's all impacted by they are counting the inflow of units into the United States from imports. So what happens is, every product category that's been imported there was a huge amount of inventory brought in. So, all the numbers that are published in their methodology they're not measuring sales. They're measuring inventory change in the system as well as sales. So, the numbers lead you to different things and it is -- it's all got to come back through and flatten out. My estimate is still that maybe there was about 3% to 4% growth last year and we're expecting it to be probably something less this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, we talked about the carpet industry units being down year-to-date about 6%. The ceramic numbers are down. So, all the pieces are down. Then you have inventories that have to be adjusted through the stream, which compress it further and then you have the competitive action of everybody trying to utilize their assets and inventories. So, the margins get compressed. And all those pieces and it's all adjusted.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think it'll probably be about 3 months behind, because it could be four, could be more or less, behind. But then, the optimization is, even we get to some point, we'll continue to look at how we take cost out, how to speed up further, how to optimize the mix and margins. And the same thing you typically start out filling up the plant, commodities tend to move faster and bigger [indiscernible] end up starting-off selling more commodities and over time you move the mix up into credit quality alignment as you get through. And then, its features and benefits that you keep adding to it allows you to get a greater margin on versus then you are less differentiated. All that takes time to happen.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's hard to answer that question, a broad stroke we are in. All kinds of countries, markets, product categories. So, I mean every one of them is different.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So, the U.S., what you have is, LVT taking a huge part of the growth. You have what's left is left and then the negative units you have the highest, the strong, the dollar is the strongest it's been in, I don't know, huge time. So, that the imports are coming in at lower prices compressing the pricing of the different industries. And then you have all of the local participants trying to run assets of which the price becomes one of the tools to do that. All of this is causing this short-term pressure on it and it will change the long-term. The dollar -- I have been in this thing for years, the dollar goes from a low point to a high point. When it gets to the high point, all this stuff reversed. All of a sudden, the costs go up. We end up substituting the other way. We push on stocks and we abandon the lower price points, when it goes the opposite way. We have to work it over cycle. It's not a change in the business. It's just a different moments in the cycle.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let me remind you that since from the 2012 to 2017 or '18 -- '17 we were buying two or three companies each year. We were buying big businesses. Every time you buy them you have to integrate the businesses together. You have to realign the assets pieces. You have to upgrade the equipment and stuff you have in order to get it to where you wanted it to go. So I mean that's just a normal part of an acquisition strategy and enhancing if you don't do that you have to enhance the profitability. What's your take? Because the return base is -- the business doesn't improve, the return on the existing profits. Given what you have to pay for them aren't enough to support your ongoing expectations for returns.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think I'd like to leave with it. We're optimistic about our long-term prospects. We have a strong management team. We have some of the best assets and best positions in the marketplace. We're doing many initiatives going into new businesses that take years to get them optimized and mixed margin and distribution. And we're moving well along the path to go forward. Over time, we expect our results to improve and we think that the business hasn't changed -- a little difference at this point is, housing is slowing in the United States and it's slowing before the economy slowed. So that's different at this moment than we've had before and different cycles usually they happen concurrently. They're not happening currently now and they may not be concurrent in the future where many other initiatives to enhance our results, we're taking actions to improve our profitability and we're doing what we need to do for the business. We appreciate you spending time and being on the call with us. Thank you.
Glenn Landau: Yes. That's a good question. So, we rebalanced in the first quarter, our inventories. We came out of the first quarter with inventories where we wanted them. We took a very modest amount of downtime about $3 million or so in the second quarter. But looking forward that uncertainty relative to the big buildup in inventory in ceramic not inventory at Mohawk, but inventory in the industry that is peeling away some of our sales, we will have a more meaningful downtime expense in the third quarter and that's dialed into our outlook.
Glenn Landau: And I'd just add, as that inventory gets rebalanced which it will. We're doing a lot to enter new ceramic markets with this new installation method, roofing, outdoor products. We're also increasing sales, managing cost and matching our production with demand. So, we'll be in a good shape when it does.
Glenn Landau: I will just add to that. You're starting to see in ceramic, you're starting to see these imports come down, but it's going to take a while to do that. And we've temporarily reducing production while that's happening until we get a view of it. Once that -- we're also doing -- that's coming down we're doing a lot of things to take advantage of it when it finally turns.
