Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In 2017, our strong organization and long-term strategies allowed Mohawk to deliver record-breaking results. For the full year, our revenues rose to an all-time high of $9.5 billion, a 6% increase. We generated operating income of $1.4 billion, up 6% as reported and 9% excluding restructuring, acquisition and other charges. Our EBITDA rose to $1.8 billion both records. Our reoccurring business income grew at a much higher rate in 2017 when excluding the expired patent income and the incremental start-up investments. During the year, we identified opportunities for growing our business, differentiating our products, improving our productivity which we supported with over 900 million of internal investments, the highest in our company history. Over the past three years, our strategies of adding new products, increasing our capacities and acquiring new businesses have led to an expanded earnings even as income from our Click patent expired. Our 2017 results reflected the impact of these strategies including 34 million of start-up costs to ramp up new products and production and significant increases in raw materials. During the past year we completed four acquisitions to broaden our product offering and improve our cost structure. These include bolt-on Ceramic businesses in Italy and Poland and a U.S. top mine for ceramic materials and a nylon polymerization plant to further integrate our carpet manufacturing. In 2018, we’ll invest additional 750 million in our existing businesses to complete projects that were begun in 2017 and to commence new initiatives. Our largest investments during the two-year period are the expansion of our LVT in the U.S. and Europe, ceramic capacity increases in the U.S., Mexico, Italy, Poland, Bulgaria and Russia, laminate luxury laminate in the U.S., Europe and Russia, carpet tile in Europe, sheet vinyl in Russia and countertops in the U.S. and Europe, as well as carpet and rugs in the United States. We are awaiting government approvals which take longer in Australia and New Zealand to finalize our acquisition of Godfrey Hirst, the largest flooring producer in those countries. We expect to enhance Godfrey Hirst’s strategies as well as our existing U.S. carpet manufacturing as we learn from each other. In addition, we anticipate synergies between Godfrey Hirst’s expanding hard surface sales and existing Mohawk distribution in both countries. The U.S. economy strengthened during the Spring and Summer through increased consumer spending, business investments and job creation. The fourth quarter growth moderated, U.S. GDP is forecast to increase in 2018 along with an improving global economy. According to the National Association of Home Builders, single family housing rose 8.5% in 2017 and the organization is predicting further single-family home growth in 2018. Harvard’s Joint Center for Housing study predicts this year could deliver the strongest remodeling gains in more than a decade with the support of a strong economy, increasing housing values and low unemployment. The American Institute of Architecture is projecting increased construction spending in non-residential buildings noting that national disasters in 2017 and corporate tax relief will support additional building expansion. Outside the U.S., economic growth is projected for the European Union as confidence improves across all business sectors and employment increases across the Euro zone. Higher oil prices should benefit the Russian recovery and Mexico should see continued economic growth consistent with recent years. Turning to our fourth quarter performance, we recorded our best results for the period with sales of $2.4 billion, up 8.5% over the prior-year and operating income of $343 million, growing 13% while absorbing start-up costs of $10 million. In the period, our ongoing business income grew at a much higher rate when excluding the decline in income from patents.  Chris Wellborn, our Chief Operating Officer, will now provide a more detailed look at our fourth quarter performance by segment.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The record results that Mohawk delivered reflect the unique strategy that combine the best features of a large, well-run public company, a private acquisition firm and a venture capital group. Our organization’s capability to continuously expand by innovating our products, increasing our portfolio and participating in new regions is unsurpassed in the market. This year, to enhance our long-term growth and profitability, we will invest $60 million to $70 million starting up new operations to expand our market position and geographical scope. Of these investments, about one-third is in noncash depreciation due to limited utilization, one-third is for marketing to expand our distribution and one-third is for the cost of ramping up new production. In the first quarter, we anticipate all segments improving sales and the introduction of innovative products across our portfolio. In Flooring North America, the timing of our carpet price increase moved some sales into the prior quarter. Our ongoing operating results, excluding the expired patents and start-up investments, was substantially improved in the first quarter. Our earnings will benefit from our past acquisitions, a stronger euro, as well as our 2018 global tax rate, which will decline to approximately 21% due to tax reform. Taking all of this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter is $2.93 to $3.02, excluding any onetime charges. The acquisition of Godfrey Hirst will be completed later this year after normal closing conditions are concluded. We anticipate opportunities to enhance their product innovation and marketing strategies, lower their cost by supplying raw materials and increasing sales of other hard surface products. Godfrey Hirst should be accretive to EPS by $0.35 to $0.40 first year in the first 12 months. We’ll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The U.S. LVT is different than the Rest of the World. It depends on a couple of things. One is I would guess we’re probably at least two years or more ahead of Europe’s adaptation, they’re using it but not at the same rates in Europe. And then, when you move into other markets where ceramic is a much lower cost product to produce as well as to install, the cost difference between ceramic and LVT is dramatically different, so in those markets I’m not sure what LVT will do. On the basis of the markets, the Mexican markets growing about double-digits and we’ve been growing but we’ve been limited in how much we can grow without the new plant we just started up, so it’ll help us grow. In addition, we’re using the Mexican market as a base to start entering into the South American business. When you go into Russia, I think they’re down about 30% from the peak. They came off the trough this year. Prior to this year, they were declining. It came off the trough this year but barely and in that environment we’re sold up so we’re putting in new capacity and the question is going to be how fast it ramps up. Is it like historical things in Russia where it ramps up dramatically or is it going to be slow because of the changes in the oil to the economy? We’re just preparing for our business to do much better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So we’re really not changing our strategies. We were using most of our cash in the markets we were in and it’s not going to change what we’re doing much.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The goal of our business every year is to improve the innovation we bring to the marketplace and improve our mix and we have new innovations in every product category and every market that we’re going into. On the other hand, when you put in significant increases in capacity in something, you have to get the sales to move up as quickly as possible to cover the depreciation of the new assets so we also in some cases as we do that, actually sell more lower-end business. I think this year you’ll still see a positive mix, but with all the new capacity coming on, there will be more pieces but in most cases the new capacity is still limited to the almost $10 billion of sales we have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: From a big picture, all signs that we see in our industry are positive almost in every marketplace. If you look more at the U.S. business, business and consumer spending appears to be strengthening. We see the tax law changes as supporting more growth. If you look at the existing and new home sales, everything is expecting them to continue to grow with higher home prices, encouraging more remodeling as you go through. As you go through, you just pick different markets. In Mexico, we were constrained by the capacity. So that came up in the fourth quarter, and we’ll get benefit out of it. We’re putting new capacity in Europe in two or three different countries. We’re putting new capacity in Russia because we’re basically sold up in the marketplace that’s just coming out of the bottom of a recession. We’re investing in new products to go into. We’re going into carpet tile, which is a new marketplace. It’s going to take longer to develop the business than the other ones because we don’t have a core base there already selling that. A big opportunity. We’re doing the same in Russia with sheet vinyl going into new business. So we have a lot of things going on in every country trying to drive our business forward and do much better than the market.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don’t have it broken down by individual pieces but what happens is there will be more in the first quarter, a little less in the second quarter, and then the first half will be heavier than the second half, assuming that the stuff starts up like we anticipate. It could be longer or shorter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, if you look at 2017 we were capacity constrained in the first part of the year. We added capacity which came up in the fourth quarter. At the same time, we had several product change-outs that happened last year and the retail is really starting at the end of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter taking those new products, that product transition.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Your guess is as good as ours. All the price increases that we’ve put in were based on the costs and our anticipation of where it is. We’ve had oil and commodities seem to have gone up but then oil’s dropped back down. I mean, if I could guess the oil prices I wouldn’t be doing this job, because I can tell you that last year, we had huge inflation in almost every product and marketplace and we implemented pricing to cover it and whatever happens this year we’ll react to it again.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think our sales growth in 2018 will be higher than 2017 and it all depends on how this stuff works through and what the markets are but we’re going to try to get as high as we can.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think we’re going to continue reviewing the opportunities that we have to invest in our business. I can tell you those are always the best returns we can get. Our goal is to keep finding new acquisitions in the categories we’re in. If you look at the world, I mean, there is huge continents, we don’t have anything yet. So I mean, a major part of the world we don’t have anything. In areas where we’re already in, examples in Europe we’re the largest producer of ceramic but we still have a very small market share and we just started a few years ago so there’s opportunities to look at acquisitions to consolidate it more in Russia where we are and moving into other ones.  If we don’t find those, as we go forward, we’ve also started to move into countertops which gives us a new leg on the product and if you look long-term, it wouldn’t surprise me that we pick up one more big opportunity somewhere along the line to keep it going. Given all that, I sure wouldn’t mind going into a slower period with capital, which I’ve never been able to do and I think that I could find opportunities that I haven’t been able to do in the last time because I was always out of money with my capital structure full, so I think we’re well-positioned for whatever happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think for the most part, we’ve covered most of the increase at this point based on where it was, back in the end of the fourth quarter. Now as the raw materials go up, we’re going to have to review what they have and see if it makes any changes. I’m not sure where they’re going to level out. If you could tell me where oil prices will be next month, it would help me.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have a difficult time too. We have this price mix that we follow. I mean, it’s hard to tell the difference between price and mix as many products as we have and how much to just product sales change from period-to-period. It’s hard to tell which is which at some point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I think the biggest part is that the line we put in LVT in the United States was dramatically different than everything we had done and it took us a while to figure out how to optimize it. The new line, we’re taking all those learnings and expanding upon it but it’s also making rigid LVT which the old one didn’t. There are two lines that we’re putting up that are almost identical. One in the United States and one in Europe. The one in Europe has already started up. There’s about two, I think we’re running about two shifts now working through the start-ups in it and we’re using it on existing products which our European business was oversold in, so we’re moving that through. We should start trying to make ridges pretty soon in it and hopefully we’ll have most of the problems worked out before we start the new line in the U.S. which will be in the second quarter some time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The new lines, it depends on how fast we fill them up and how fast we can get the cost structures to where we want as well as how fast we can get them into the marketplace. I would guess there will be some improvement in the second half but the first half, the costs will be higher than the production or the margins will be just as a normal course of events and starting new stuff up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the biggest piece, which wasn’t a surprise, we knew there was going to be some pull-forward of sales due to price increases. There’s the balancing of the pricing versus the costs and the flow-through and how they actually show up in the fourth quarter we do. There’s the FX rates that change on us; out of our control within there. In general, the business levels were about where we thought they’d be when we went into them, and we think we have reasonable estimates for the first quarter, given all that’s going on.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s not as - the reason we can’t be more clear with you is it’s not like it falls at given minutes and you start it up and then the question is how long does it take to optimize? Then how long does it take to sell it? And then there’s overlapping across timeframes and years. So I mean, the reason we tend to talk about it in multiple-year circumstances if you draw a line at any minute - we just talked about the line in - LVT line in Europe. It’s coming up and running two shifts. Now how long is it going to take us to sell it up and how long is it going to take us to optimize? We’re going to have to see.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I’m hesitating because we gave the number a while back and I don’t remember if it was the incremental capacity on the investments we made in 2016 and 2017, which is I think what it was, and now what’s happening we’re moving into 2018 and there’s the 2018 investments which are different and some of those like the Mexican plant. It’s up and running and it’s not far from the capacity that we had expected it to be at and it’ll be running fairly full, I mean, soon. And I don’t remember the cutoff times between that number and the moment in time we’re at right now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So what we did in the residential business, we changed our regional sales management above the people that are - above the salespeople. So the salespeople are still segregated and selling each of the different product categories. The sales management, we made the region smaller but then put the manager over both product categories, as we’ve done it, and then the management above there we’ve also changed. And the initial stages so far are showing that our ability to influence the customers because we’re using that structure it looks like it’s going to help us meet the needs of the customers better and present all of the products better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think you interpreted more finitely than I meant it. What I said was - what I meant to say was that LVT is taking a large part of the total incremental increase of all Flooring and Ceramic is going to be impacted the same as everything else, because it’s not just impacting a piece of it. I would guess two-thirds or more, maybe even higher of all the growth in Flooring in the last year was taken up by LVT. Now, the question is will it start plateauing out or will it keep growing at the same rate. We’ll know after it’s over.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that in 2017, our estimate is that the Flooring category grew about 4% and our hope is that it’ll pick up close to that again, could be more. And then the question is how much of that goes into LVT versus spread around the other product categories. That one we’re having a hard time predicting, but we’re the largest manufacturer of LVT. We’re putting on much more. We have a significant head start of anybody in making low-cost automated LVT in the world, and we think we’re well-positioned.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT as a product coming into the marketplace has grown faster than anything that I’ve seen in my 40 years of history. And part of its driven by that people like wood and stone looks on the floor, that it is an easy installation method, it is waterproof, which some of that you need and some you don’t need is it, but it’s being well-accepted as a new product. We’re going to have to see how it plateaus out. The product has evolved dramatically in the last four or five years. The first - it’s normal when you come out but with stuff being made that - circumstances wouldn’t perform well on the floor and it’s gotten better. The style and design has improved. It’s now got three different categories of product. There’s a rigid that’s selling at the higher-end, the flexible tends to be in the middle. Both of those tend to be Click products. Then the lower end tends to be glued down products and at lower price points, and the commercial tends to be more of the lower end. And it continues to evolve as all new products do. There are different methods of making it. There’s different visuals going on and it’s going to take a while for it to evolve and level out on an ongoing basis. We’re at the forefront of making highly-automated low-cost production on a local basis which nobody else has like we do and it’s going to advantage us long-term, however in the short-term it’s impacted our speed-to-market of new introductions because we’re going through the learning curves but we’re way ahead of everybody else.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We appreciate you joining the call. We're very optimistic about the market for this year. We are aggressively investing for the long-term benefit of our business and we think we'll have a stronger business two years from now than we have today. Thank you for joining us.
Frank Boykin: Thank you, Chris. Net sales for the quarter were $2.369 billion, up 8.5% as reported. Our legacy business grew 4% on a constant exchange rate with all segment growth rates improving over the third quarter rates. Our gross margin as reported was 31.8%. Excluding charges, the margin was 32.3% improving over last year as price mix and productivity offset inflation and lower IP. SG&A as reported was 17.3% of sales, or 17.1% excluding charges, which was an improvement of 40 basis points over last year. Unusual charges for the quarter were $15 million. They were primarily related to plant consolidation and acquisitions in Flooring North America and in Global Ceramic. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.1%. That’s up 40 basis points over last year with positive price mix of $59 million and productivity of $44 million, offsetting $57 million of inflation, as well as incremental start-up cost of $5 million and lower IP income. Interest expense was $7 million during the quarter. We estimate annual interest expense to range from $33 million to $37 million in 2018, excluding the Godfrey Hirst acquisition. In other income and loss, we have a loss in the quarter of $4 million compared to a gain of $2 million last year. The difference is primarily related to foreign exchange movements. In income taxes, our tax rate excluding nonrecurring items was 27.2% for the quarter compared to 23.6% last year. The 2017 tax reform resulted in a fourth quarter non-cash benefit of $151 million for revaluation of deferred taxes offset by a charge of $152 million for unrepatriated foreign earnings. The tax will be paid over eight years beginning in 2019. Our 2018 first quarter tax rate should range from 19.5% to 20.5% and for the year is expected to be about 21%. Our 2019 tax rate is anticipated to increase by about 2 percentage points. Earnings per share excluding charges was $3.42, an increase of 5% over last year even with lower IP and higher start-up cost this year. If we move to the segments, in the Global Ceramics segment sales were $824 million, an increase of 10% as reported. Our legacy business is up 2% on a constant basis with all regions growing. Our growth rate improved this quarter over last quarter. Our operating margin excluding charges was 14% with productivity of $16 million and volume of $6 million covering inflation of $12 million. In the Flooring North America segment sales were $999 million, a 3% increase. We had good growth in both LVT and in Carpet. Our operating margin excluding charges was 16.7%. It improved 160 basis points as positive price mix of $21 million and productivity of $22 million offset $20 million of inflation. In the Flooring Rest of World segment sales were $546 million, up 18% as reported. Sales grew 9% on a constant exchange rate basis with all major categories improving. Both price, mix and volume drove higher sales. Our operating margin excluding charges was 15.8%. Our higher operating income in the quarter was impacted by positive price mix of $35 million and productivity of $6 million along with better volume offsetting inflation of $24 million and lower IP. As a reminder, we will continue to have a year-over-year headwind from the expired patent revenue until June of this year. In the Corporate and Eliminations segment, our operating loss excluding charges was $10 million. We expect the segment loss to range from $35 million to $45 million in 2018. Jumping to the balance sheet, our receivables ended the quarter at $1.558 billion with days sales outstanding of 59 days. Our inventories were $1.949 billion with inventories at 119 days. Inventories have been impacted by higher raw material cost, ramp up of new products and backwards integration. We anticipate lowering our inventory next year. Property, plant and equipment was $4.2 billion. In the fourth quarter, we had capital expenditures of $251 million with depreciation and amortization of $118 million. We are estimating capital expenditures for 2018 of almost $750 million with depreciation and amortization estimated at approximately $520 million. In long term debt, our total debt was $2.8 billion with leverage at 1.4 times debt to EBITDA. I’ll now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Frank Boykin: It’ll probably be gradual as we go through the year. Now, some of it’s caused by the increase in raw material prices before the selling price have gotten through and continuing. Some of it’s caused by further backward integration we’ve done, and we are going to reduce the inventory some more.
Frank Boykin: Yes. Productivity in 2016 was $140 million and it will be, it was $180 million as you know in 2017. I’ll just add in here that most public companies don’t greenfield businesses as we’re doing here, as many as we’re doing due to the higher start-up cost, but we are going to see much longer, much better longer-term returns as a result of the greenfield-ing even with all these start-up costs. And I would say with more investments in new products and the geographies that we’re doing, much of the benefit that we’re going to see from these investments are going to be in 2019 and beyond. In 2018, we’ll have significant amount of productivity, but it will be more in line with what we saw in 2016.
Frank Boykin: We have a long history of outperforming the market, and I’ll remind you, over the last three years, the compounded growth rate for sales was 9% and our operating income compounded at 22%, even with the expiration of our patents. This has come from these investments we’ve done in our existing businesses, new acquisitions and greenfield-ing. We believe we can outperform the market going forward with our strong management and balance sheet, and we’re going to try to grow it as fast as we can. When you do a lot of these new things we’re doing, the equipment doesn’t show up when it’s supposed to, it doesn’t start up like it’s supposed to, you train people, so it’s going to be a little more volatile than normal. But that’s what you get. But the long-term returns are going to be much better.
Frank Boykin: You see it as a shift, we just see it as a normal piece. I mean, things move a month or two either direction, so we ended up with about $34 million of start-up costs this year, and next year, we have it at about $60 million to $70 million. And in that, a lot of it’s coming on as we speak now, so the investments will be heavier in the first quarter than through the rest of the period as you go through. We don’t really see it any change.
Frank Boykin: So what happened in the first half we were operating under constrained conditions and we managed our business based on that and when the capacity comes up, it takes a little while to change strategies from optimizing limited capacity to selling more, and so we’re in the process of that change as we speak.
Frank Boykin: I think right now, we’re planning on covering whatever inflation that we might have in the first quarter.
Frank Boykin: I think if you look at our business excluding IP and excluding incremental start-up costs that we’re going to see good margin, good operating income growth.
Frank Boykin: I think as I said before, Mike, I mean, you made a good point. We’re doing - we’re investing a significant amount back into business. We’ve got a lot of new projects that Jeff has already talked about with start-up costs. Timing is not always certain with these projects and when they’re going to come up, but what we do know for sure is that excluding start-up and excluding IP we’re going to see good growth on our operating income.
Frank Boykin: I would say that Jeff sitting across the table here from me and looking at this picture up on the wall that says we’re always half way there, so we were never going to be satisfied without improving over where we were before. But on the other hand, we’re working through, like I’ve already said a couple times, a lot of start-ups, a lot of projects in North America. We’ve got a big, big LVT plant coming up with new technology, and so we’re just going to have to see where those things end up. But longer term, longer term, we’re going to have a much better, much more profitable business. Yes. This is what we’ve been saying now for the last 18 months. We’ve got six, seven, eight different projects around the world, either new geographies, or new products, or new technology, and we’re investing significant amounts recognizing it’s going to be an investment both in our P&L and in the balance sheet. But longer term, we’re going to see good returns from all these things.
Frank Boykin: So make sure I understand your question, so we spent $34 million in total start-up costs in 2017 and we’re estimating $60 million to $70 million of total start-up costs in 2018. That’s your first question, I think. In terms of - the start-up costs are something that we’re taking our best stab at. And estimating here, 12 months before the end of the year and with all these projects moving back and forth, we know that that number is not going to be right. Last year was a little bit less than what we thought. And to be honest, I don’t remember where we were six months ago on start-up costs for 2018.
Frank Boykin: I think I would address the EBITDA margins the same way I did the EBIT margins; that excluding start-up and excluding IP, we’re going to have good growth.
Frank Boykin: And, Laura, I need to correct myself. The $12 million is total start-up. And I’ll have to come back to you on the incremental deal.
Frank Boykin: The carpet price increase that we put in, we announced 5% to 6% to cover the inflation and pieces going on. Most of its implemented as we speak. The pull forward is hard to tell because we’re in this normal dip in the winter time. So we know what we got. The question is we don’t know what the orders are going to be until we see what the customers - when they’re going to start ordering again. It’ll probably be the end of the quarter or maybe the first of next quarter before we have a good view of the actual what occurred.
Frank Boykin: It’s not stepping up that much, to be honest, so I’m not sure exactly. It’s actually - it’s up probably about $3 million or $4 million, so it’s not stepping up that much. I don’t know what it is off the top of my head. I’ll get back to you.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. Our overall ceramic segment growth was about 8% and we’re adding capacity in four countries. The U.S. business improved during the quarter and the trends are continuing. With our new plant in Mexico running, we’re returning to our historical posture to optimize. LVT did increase significantly and has absorbed a large part of the industry growth, but our new U.S. plant will allow us to expand our LVT offering and increase our business.
Chris Wellborn: I think they’re going to continue to improve. We saw them gradually improve through the fourth quarter and are continuing to improve, so I think you’ll have gradual improvement through the year.
Chris Wellborn: We still have to be - the LVT growth, depending upon how much it grows this year, could impact the sales growth of everything again next year. It’s hard to tell.
Chris Wellborn: What we can say is that patent revenue was higher due to the use of our technology in LVT around the world. Growth was better than we expected, and we are continuing to look for opportunities to expand it.
Chris Wellborn: Well, we brought up capacity in Mexico and we also brought up capacity in Europe during the period, and both of those start-ups went extremely well.
Chris Wellborn: We could take them separately. So the quartz, the countertop market is $5 billion with quartz estimated at $1.2 billion, and that’s growing more than 10% per year. We’re expanding our stone centers and product offering to support our new plant, which will start up at the end of this year, so that’s on quartz. And then on porcelain, we have an Italian plant that’s starting this quarter that we’re selling both in the EU and the U.S. Porcelain countertops are really a niche product that’s going to take time to grow, but the plants also produce large sizes for floor, wall and facades.
Chris Wellborn: Most of those stores, the 15. And then, we’ll have a few stores here and there, but nothing substantial.
Chris Wellborn: All we can say there is that we - it’s starting to come back and we think it’ll get back to where it’s been with the exception of the impact of LVT and other things that could impact the industry.
