Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. For the second quarter, at the heights of the COVID disruption, our sales were down 21% as reported or 19% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted operating income for the period was $36 million or 2% of sales, and our adjusted EPS was $0.37. During the period, our cost production initiatives, working capital reductions and lower capital spending generated free cash flow of almost $500 million. Those sales trends have improved significantly since government restrictions were lifted. The current environment is the most unpredictable in the history of our business as the pandemic has affected our markets and operations around the world. During the quarter, all of our businesses were dramatically impacted with most of our customers and facilities operating either in a limited capacity or completely shut down for some time. Residential remodeling was impacted by retail shops closing and consumers staying at home. Commercial has declined as business have postponed their projects due to economic uncertainty. U.S. housing starts and home builder competence improved sharply in June as the market rebounded. In the period, our operations were curtailed or stopped by government mandates, employee concerns and lack of demand. We responded to these challenges by keeping our workforce safe, cutting expenses in investments and furloughing employees. In the U.S., government programs provided tax credits to our business. Federal unemployment supplements have made attracting workers more difficult. Outside the U.S., many government subsidized businesses to keep workers employed and others required companies to continue paying employees that were not working in full. After the company sales bottomed in April, our May and June results appreciably improved across the segments as stay at home restrictions were gradually lifted, consumers initiated remodeling projects, stores reopened and construction increase. Through the period, our markets improved more than we expected and our shipments exceeded our production rates, reducing our inventory. Our manufacturing levels were impacted by government restrictions, COVID disruptions and employee absenteeism across the enterprise. At this time, our visibility to future continues to be uncertain due to persistent COVID spread, the unknown strength and the economic recovery. Some near-term factors represent a potential upside, including historically low interest rates, rising remodeling activity, consumer discretionary funds being shifted to home improvements and increasing home purchases. Alternately, potential changes in government policies, consumer and business spending and higher COVID infection rates could reduce demand around the world, particularly the government’s increased restrictions. Given these factors, our business plans must remain flexible to quickly adjust our production levels. We are restructuring the business to enhance our results and future performance. We're reducing SG&A, our headcount and lowering, performing – and lower performing products and SKUs. We’re closing less efficient operations and investing in more productive equipment. The largest of these changes are in the United States, where LVT sales growth and a strong dollar had impacted many of our businesses. We anticipate these actions will deliver annual savings of approximately $110 million to $120 million with an estimated cost of $170 million, of which $44 million will be in cash. Many of these actions are currently being executed with those affecting our manufacturing costs happen to flow through our inventory. It will take much of next year to complete these initiatives and capture the full benefit. Our business is well positioned with a strong balance sheet and deep liquidity. We've recently issued over $1 billion of new bonds to enhance our ability to strategically invest and better position Mohawk for the long-term. We're taking the right steps to manage through the pandemic and we remain focused on delivering innovative products, exceptional value and superior service. Our talented people are devoted to making Mohawk the best foreign supplier to our customers, improving our business in all areas and maximizing our results. With that, I'll turn the call over to Frank for our second quarter results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks Chris. Since April, we've seen substantial improvement in all of our segments and markets. The residential remodeling and new construction channels have recovered more than commercial, where businesses are maintaining a cautious approach to investment. Some areas, particularly in the U.S., Brazil and Russia are experiencing an increasing level of COVID cases, which are impacting our operational costs and production levels. Across the business, we’re decreasing costs by rationalizing asset, minimizing SG&A, reducing our workforce and managing our product offering and working capital. Much uncertainty remains around all of our markets regarding government policies, business confidence and consumer spending. Our sales in July were approximately flat compared to the prior year, but we cannot predict how the sales will evolve going-forward. Given this we're unable to provide guidance for the third quarter, though we anticipate a significant improvement in our results from the second quarter. We managed through the challenging second quarter while generating significant cash flow, strengthening our balance sheet and issuing over $1 billion in bonds. We're taking substantial actions to navigate the changing environment and position Mohawk for the future. We’ll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The third quarter, we're running the business at a much higher rate than we were. We're actually trying to increase the inventories because they decrease too much, but we're having difficulties getting them up given the labor issues, vacations in Europe and other things. So they're going to run at much higher rates.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. What happened, we started out with basically on our experience from 2008 and 2009, we decided that if the business was going to slow down, we're going to take more aggressive actions earlier to improve our position. With that, we’re cutting SG&A, reducing the workforce, we’re streamlining our product offering, we’re closing less efficient plants and investing more in efficient assets, which we got to the $110 million to $120 million of savings. It will take through next year to complete those and capture the full benefit. The manufacturing savings, don't forget, will have to flow through inventory, which will be three to five months later depending upon what it is and where it is. We estimate just at a really high level that the savings will range from about $15 million to $25 million per quarter until we achieve the results that we expect. And then just as a comment, remember that the margins for everything are really dependent on the future sales, and in the short-term COVID affecting it and we're really not sure where they're going to be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We are setting the business up at a level we think that it will be – needed to be at for the future. We've made the adjustments in the ceramic capacities. We’ve consolidated some of the higher cost assets in the Flooring Rest of the World, I mean, in the Flooring North America. And then we've taken costs down in every part of the business in every segment, anticipating that it's not going to be a V straight up and stay there.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You asked a lot of different questions. The specialty channel, the home center channel in most of the markets stayed open through this piece. So what happened is as the specialty stores were shutdown and the only place for customers to buy our products were in the home centers in many markets. Over the period, that changed. So that's a temporary change in the business. In total over the past 15, 20 years, the home centers have continued to expand their participation in the market and take share, and it's different by product categories, the larger the category is and do it yourself and/or some other different contracting businesses depends on where it ends up and which channel it’s in. So I don't see this being a significant change in the short-term, but just a same continuation they had been on.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're being more aggressive in getting rid of low volume SKUs. We have alternatives to the products to offer the customers, but there's always risks of trying to transition one to the other. The goal is to end up with more businesses with a more consolidated offering.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's occurring in all of the different categories. First is that, commercial businesses tend to be higher margin than the residential businesses. The commercial businesses have taken a bigger hit and are coming back slower, and we're not sure how they're going to evolve over time. Within the other pieces in the more promotional products are tending to sell more than the other during downturn, some because the higher end shops and stores that sell them, the people that had it pulled back in the market more, we're going to have to see how that evolves going forward. It's a little early to tell what the – if it's going to be a permanent change or not, we're just assuming that the market's going to be more difficult and we're going to have to respond to competitive positions all around the world.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It all starts with how you perceive the market's going to be in the future and what you need to satisfy it. At the moment, we believe that the changes we made are set up for how we believe the best guess that the business is going to be for the next few years, but we'll have to see what happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're always looking at acquisitions to go through. At this point, it's a little hard to aggressively do acquisitions given that you don't know the environment in cases, but we're always talking to different people on acquisitions. On the business, we're trying to minimize the capital investments for the moment, but we believe there will be greater visibility in the not distant future and we'll start changing it. If you go back a month and a half ago, the directive was stop everything that you could stop. And we really haven't moved from that at this moment, but we're trying to decide what it should be. And every week we get a better view of the market and what we should do.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, let's start with the first question, which was what's different in our projection. Everything, I mean we were projecting the market to be much more difficult and not to rebound as much as it has to. On our pieces, we were preparing for a much longer slower recovery than we've seen at this point. Now, how it's going to go on from here is anybody's guess isn't it. So that's the first one. The Flooring North America, we changed management a little over a year ago, we're continuing to put different processes in place to improve our operations and run them better, improve our margins and profitability in the business. And we have a huge amount of activities going on to do that, we expect the margins to improve. We'll see how far we can get them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start. What he's talking about is, there were duties on click LVT that were withdrawn a year ago for a year. I think it was yesterday, the government has reinstated the duties on those products. With that, what we think is going to happen is, the reverse of what happened last year is that the industry will have to increase prices to cover the tariffs which would increase the value of our manufacturing as we go through. With the businesses, the European operations are ahead of our U.S. operations in their improvements. The European operation is profitable today and it's going to continue to improve as we continue to enhance the operations and tech costs out. The U.S. improvements are following, but again I think we said it before, we are expected to have multiple engineers over here all through the second quarter helping the group do the same thing we've already done. I don't know if you know that you can't travel between the two, so all of that's been postponed, but we are with or without increasing the production speeds and processes and all of them, and at the same time, we're introducing new products and styling to help the businesses we go through. So I think it should help us. I think we're getting better at it and we're turning the corner.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. We're only a reducing capacity in the U.S. We're taking out our least efficient assets which is about 10% to 15% of the total and that'll improve our costs, but yet support our future needs.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We haven't, but what's happening is, the capacity is increasing as the productivity and efficiencies are going up. So we can service business significantly greater than we have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Each different product category is different from each other. And carpet is an ongoing trend of polyester selling more. You also have a mix in channels, so the home builder channel, the new home construction channel is a lower mix than our retail channel. So as retail didn't do as well as the new home construction that also impacted that you go through. So there's channel mix as well as customer mix going on. In the different businesses – they're all different, in my ceramic business and my laminate business, we basically participate in the mid-to-high end of the business, and it's growing in its use as alternatives to other hard surfaces, it's being used in both the retail and the new construction business much more so and our products are outperforming in those creases. The ceramic business, the mix has decreased somewhat because some of the product categories are impacted by LVT using some of the higher-end stuff. And then you have the commercial mix, which is much higher than all the businesses in it. So there's product changes, consumer changes and channel changes all at the same time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The tariff that – there were tariffs put on originally 25% on all products. A year ago, they took the tariffs off clip LVT only and they did it for a one year period and it came back for renewal. The renewal was turned down, so the 25% starts, I don't have the date in front of me, I don't know if it's today, yesterday, it may start today. I'm not sure and so we all have to start paying it and then we're going to have to get the prices up in order to cover it. I'm not sure I've got the whole question.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, when the tariffs went down, the industry dropped prices somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. So I'm assuming that the prices are going to go up in the 15% to 20% range. And anytime, anything that we're manufacturing outside of China will be better off than it was before.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We stopped all increases in capacity when this thing started. So whatever was already started, we continue. The biggest one that I remember off the top of my head is, we are expanding our laminate production in the United States with a new production line, with new capabilities that will be in next year. We're running all of the capacity that we have now and we're looking at importing some from our overseas businesses to support the business in the short-term. As we had some capacity increased this year in the Russian business and I think there was a Russian ceramic business, and I think there was some in the Eastern European ceramic business, both of which are running at fairly high rates and we expect to use them all in limited ways. The bigger pieces were new businesses, so we said that the sheet vinyl business would put a new line in Russia, it turned profitable. And the LVT lines in Europe have turned profitable. The carpet tile lines in Europe, we are investing all the cash we have and we're investing back and expanding our sales force to expand the distribution of it as we speak. And then going forward, we're going through a strategic planning process now to determine what the right level is and where to invest in. I'm assuming most of its going to be in enhancing the product mix and enhancing the product offerings with new features and benefits versus large capacity expansions at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The business in the environment has gotten much better than we expected. We're taking the actions to manage through the changing environment. We're continuing to manage our cost structures and we'll continue adjusting as needed. Thank you for your time and joining us today.
Frank Boykin: One of the end markets, Keith, is not performing as well as you know was commercial. So to the extent, we've got commercial capacities to be running at lower rates than the others.
Frank Boykin: We've got several things that we think are going to be impacting us. We'll have pressure on pricing and we're going to have pressure on product mix. Volumes are also going to be an issue for us. And I think like Jeff mentioned, even as we're trying to get our inventories up now, we are going to have higher manufacturing costs due to COVID labor issues and shorter product runs as we try to rebalance our inventories.
Frank Boykin: Yes. We said July was basically flat compared to last year and improved more than we had anticipated. And overall Rest of the World did better than the other two categories – other two segments.
Frank Boykin: And then going forward, I mean, as we've said numerous times, we have a really hard time looking out beyond just a few weeks in this environment, but we would anticipate that we will continue to see price mix pressure going forward through the rest of this year.
Frank Boykin: Well, what we're seeing in the U.S. Ceramic, just like the others, commercial is slowing. We are – they are finishing existing projects, but we anticipate that slowing, but we also think there's a significant opportunity in remodeling and new construction. So we're taking advantage and moving our sales and assets in that direction.
Frank Boykin: We're expecting, like Jeff said, to average between $15 million and $25 million of savings a quarter. We're expecting to start realizing savings in the third quarter. But we're also saying that, as we go forward, we expect that margins are going to be impacted by volumes still. And that's a big question mark, right, in terms of how the volume returns or not. As well as short-term labor impact from the COVID virus, how that might impact the workforce and productivity as we continue to rebuild our inventory and get it back to where it needs to be.
Frank Boykin: No, it's – Mike, it's hard, like we've said, to give a lot of guidance on how things are developing over a very long period of time. And we – right now what we're seeing is Rest of the World is coming back more quickly. I think, as I mentioned, they went down more quickly, but have come back more quickly as well in the second quarter. Also in Rest of the World, they have more of their business in residential as opposed to commercial. Commercial, as Jeff had mentioned, was being impacted more by this, and has not come back as much as residential. They – in addition, they have more of their business in both laminate and LVT, and those two categories have also performed well.
Frank Boykin: The order backlogs are still simply – we haven't been able to push the backlog down because the sales have been going up. So we still need to get the inventories up and we haven't gotten them up high enough to achieve the service levels we want on one side, but going back to the prior comments we're not sure how much of this is a bubble from before and how much is inventory in the channels. So to answer your question, we need both of those and we don't have it.
Frank Boykin: I'm not sure they're going to accelerate. We're going to continue – when you say input cost, you mean depletion materials.
Frank Boykin: Yes. I think we will continue to see benefits going-forward, but I wouldn't say they're going to move – benefits is going to increase sequentially. And some of the businesses are – in different businesses the price mix is offsetting the decrease in raw materials in many cases.
Frank Boykin: You know, like we've said earlier in my intro, we outlined basically what we could say and talk about with regards to that. You're asking if the financial statements are correct. Yes, the financial statements are correct. But beyond that, with regards to the investigation like I said, we really can't comment.
