Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Ken. Our third quarter operating results were in line with our expectations so we’re not satisfied with our performance. Our sales were $2.5 billion roughly flat as reported on a constant basis. Our adjusted operating income for the period was $250 million or 10% of sales. Compared to the prior year, the U.S. dollar strengthened creating a $35 million impact on our translated revenues. As anticipated, our U.S. businesses presented the greatest challenges during the period given soft retail demand, the impact of LVT, a stronger dollar, and excess ceramic inventories in the industry. Lower interest rates in the U.S. are positively impacting housing starts and home sales and many believe this could be the beginning of an improving housing market. During the period, duties on imported ceramic tiles were increased by an additional 104% which will largely stop shipments coming into the market. Trends in our other major markets weakened creating a more competitive environment. In most regions significant political and trade uncertainties are affecting consumer confidence in spending. In response to economic concerns, Central Banks in many countries are lowering interest rates to stimulate growth. We expect the present condition to persist in the near-term, and we will further adjust our strategies as needed. We're progressing on the initiatives to improve our business, with the most significant of these being aligning the ceramic production with demand in the U.S., realigning our North American carpet operation, optimizing our LVT manufacturing, and ramping up our new plant. In addition, we're entering new product categories, introducing innovative product extensions, and optimizing our recent acquisitions. We’re investing in more sales personnel and marketing to increase our penetration in new and existing products. We continue to streamline our operations to enhance efficiencies and we're leveraging automation and process enhancements to lower our cost. Our free cash flow for the quarter is up year-over-year and our balance sheet remains strong. Since the beginning of the third quarter, we purchased over 740,000 shares for approximately $91 million under our stock purchase program. For view of our financial performance during the period, I'll turn the call over to Glenn.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you. We see the present market conditions continuing, and we're taking actions to better position our business for the future. We're investing more in sales and marketing to expand placement of our products and increase the utilization of our new plants. Our new Greenfield projects will progress as sales and costs improve. Our LVT production is improving and increased distribution will follow. Our U.S. and European ceramic businesses are being impacted by lower market demand and we're reducing inventory levels, expanding product offerings, and entering new categories. The restructuring of our U.S. corporate operations will be substantially complete this year and will benefit our costs next year. Taking this into account, our EPS guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.13 to $2.23 excluding one-time charges. We will adapt our business strategies to the future circumstance as required. Next year our business will benefit from our new products, higher utilization of our start-ups, and cost reductions we have taken in 2019. Our results and balance sheet should improve with strong cash generation to take advantage of future opportunities. We have a strong Global Management team and they are focused on enhancing our results and optimizing our long-term profitability. With that, we will be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The carpet industry remains under pressure and is losing share. The industry declined about 7% in units with commercial outperforming residential pieces but we see housing sales remodeling could improve as we go forward. The LVT manufacturing, the other businesses, the laminate business is doing well as we introduced new products that are going into different markets and satisfying all the different markets and acting as an alternative to the other waterproof products in the category. The LVT continued to increase as the sales goes up, as the production goes up. We're increasing new products into the marketplace with different visuals and performance features, which will help us more next year than immediately as we go through. We think the throughput of plant is going to keep going up and we're lining new customers to use it next year as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, the market in Europe is still primarily flexible and there's click and non-click. The rigid is a relatively limited share of the total market, but we think it's going to grow quickly. Our equipment that we put in will make either or as you go through. So we're introducing new products in rigid and we're going to try to push the market to sell more rigid as we go but our equipment will make both. The other side is the marketplace is also selling much less of it. It has about half the market share in Europe. It does in the U.S. and the growth rates less than half also. So the markets are nothing alike.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You have to separate U.S. and Europe into different pieces. The U.S. business is utilizing all the capacity as it's running now. And as it speeds up, we have avenues to use it as well as the substitute other product categories we have, as it ramps up. In Europe, we don't source any products. So as it ramps up, we have to build the sales for it in front of it and you have to put the products in the marketplace. So in Europe, we're going to get ahead of the production rate, we're going to get ahead of the sales rate, and it's going to have to catch-up in the interim. On the cost, none of the costs are where we want them because we don't have the throughput and the material formulation where we want them and we've said we have ongoing programs, week-to-week, and it will go into next, into first of next year and we expect to hit our targeted cost structure sometime as we go into next year. The other part is the mix on the products and the product mix, you start out with selling the products to use the capacity and then over time, you try to move the product mix up by selling higher value products, which takes time in the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The market in general, as we keep talking about is under pressure. And we keep aligning the businesses with the markets. As we look forward, you see us investing more in sales and marketing to increase our share both in existing products as well as to get these new factories up and running. The positive pieces are the North American restructuring is going to start benefiting the business next year. The LVT lines will be operating more efficiently. These other plants we’re talking about will start adding value versus being a drag on the pieces. And the marketplace will have to keep reacting to whatever happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The nylon part of the business has declined in residential. And we have another category that we compete against nylon with we call smart strand, which is made out of Triexta. Both of those things compete in the higher end of the business. And we have a much larger business in Triexta than we do on nylon in the residential category. On the commercial side, you have the nylon makes up the majority of it and still does and isn't changing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, what we're doing in ceramic in some cases, we're running promotions with but I won’t even call value engineered products to go after build your business that was where they were previously using LVT. So that's one product that we have offered. We’re also have products aimed at getting the products that the Chinese product that will stop coming into the United States. So those are the two main areas.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, in particular, in South America and in Europe, we had higher costs for energy, that’s for one. And then also the material on a global marketplace in the different places around the world, there's inflation in energy and there's inflation in raw material still occurring in most of the markets.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes. I would think of this year is over. We're talking about 2020 right now. I think the fourth quarter is -- 
Jeff Lorberbaum: Transitional the dynamics are the same. It's the fourth quarter, but certainly as we've outlined, we're going to have a tailwind in the things we can control in Flooring North America, and LVT will turn profitable as Jeff said, we will get the benefits from restructuring and outside of economic conditions. There is a tailwind to improve margins from where they are today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I will just make one comment on the tariffs. On the Flooring North America, it's not been nearly the issue that we had in ceramic. Ceramic the tariffs are 130% in North America; they were 25% some of which was discounted back. So I don't think the tariffs have been such a big impact.
Jeff Lorberbaum: LVT from China has increased as the market has increased. We believe we are positioned to compete against it. In Europe, we're manufacturing all of the product we're selling. And as our new line comes up and our costs come down, we think that we can offer retailers or buyers of the product competitive products with much shorter lead times and more flexibility and we think we can increase our position in the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. So firstly, the investment that we wrote off is something that we've had since 2010. It's a factory where we brought imported products, and that has slowly decreased over time, and that production can be brought into our U.S. factories. So that's the only story about the -- that investment. The Chinese inventories they spiked. As those tariffs were about ready to be implemented the last way, let's say a Chinese inventory was brought into the system, and that'll slowly work its way down. Now what will happen is that source of supply will get replaced by U.S. manufacturers will be part of it, but it'll also impact Brazil, Turkey, India, and right now, that's being made a little easier because the dollar is so strong. But we should benefit -- us and U.S. manufacturer should benefit from some of it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I have always said in the last few months as you guys get the numbers we've seen an improvement in the housing sales and improving in the housing sales should benefit us. If you look at new homes sales, Flooring is the last thing that's put in before the house is complete. So if it takes nine to 12 months to build a house or 18 months, the Flooring is the last thing that's put in it. So different categories they’re all the different categories are used in a homes as you go through. We're seeing increases in all the different categories, I mean increases. The -- all the different hard surfaces are used in, carpets used in it, and so if it goes up, it should positively impact all of the pieces.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think what we said is that next year, we think that we’ll turn a profit in it, we haven't put it by the quarter. In addition as the piece -- as our manufacturing improves, it has to flow through the inventory. So the cost improvements show up about four months later in the cost sheets as you go through. What we expect, also the year for it to keep improving. And then even further beyond that, we would expect the cost structures to continue to improve incrementally. And then over time you change the mix in the business. To get the business to a line you have to sell it at whatever price as you need to get it into the marketplace quickly. And then over time you upgrade the mix which will take more than next year as we do it -- as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're putting in all the different businesses as you've heard we are putting more sales people on and we're trying to be more aggressive in the marketplaces as we go through. So there's a spike in it. We're going to continue to monitor it. And if we get the positive results we will continue spending at those levels. If we don't, we'll adjust the strategy and get it in line.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But it will get bigger and it will impact the margins. And we're doing the same thing in Europe, is that we're being more aggressive as the industry slowdown. We participate more in lower value products. So it does impact the mix.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at the Flooring market in the United States, historically, it's grown greater than GDP over through the cycle. And I don't know what would have changed it the Flooring would not grow slightly more than GDP over time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Carpet has been decreasing, and we don't see it changing at the moment. What we believe is that the LVT at some point is going to plateau out. We believe that is probably slowing somewhat at this point from where it was, and it will plateau and then things will go back to some sort of growth rated for leveled over the piece but it's not going to stop tomorrow.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have done a few things. One is that we have increased our internal trucking fleet in order to move a greater percentage of our products. We think that we offer, we've been able to staff our positions because of the consistency of the routes and the ability for people to make money. So we've done better than the market in general to support our own trucking fleets. And with that we've taken a larger percentage of it that it’s been going in the open market as the costs have increased.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So I appreciate everybody joining us. We have a lot of actions we're taking to improve the business and our results. We think we have a lot of opportunities as we look going forward, and we appreciate you being on the call with us. Have a good weekend.
Chris Wellborn: John, just also a comment that premium laminate is growing as an alternative for wood and LVT, while the lower end laminate is declining. The technologies we use that make it very realistic as an alternative to wood, it has superior visual, scratch resistance, water resistance. So we're doing quite well.
Chris Wellborn: Yes, I think it's a good idea to first explain the difference between our company and the industry. But let's answer your question first the industry. We don't really know exactly what the inventory levels shows, we only see import volume, not the actual inventory. What we know is that this year, the Chinese inventory spiked in front of these tariffs. And our customers are telling us that they have a lot of inventory. Going forward, that will be an opportunity for us as those Chinese inventories deplete, we have options to replace those with our internal production and we have a very short supply chain which should put us in a good position as the industry inventories deplete.
Chris Wellborn: Okay, yes, I can answer that. So this is what we have going on in our Global Ceramic, generally, we have slower economic conditions and greater competition in the market. If you look at the U.S., it's mostly impacted by LVT growth, excess inventory from tariffs and a stronger dollar. And if you look at Europe, it's impacted more by a slowing economy and lower exports to other regions. And in that environment, as you know, which we expect to remain for some time, we have taken actions to reduce our inventories. And that's contributed to the favorable cash flow that you see. Now going forward, we're taking a lot of actions to improve our business. We're adding sales people while we're continuing to reduce our internal costs. We're introducing products that are alternatives for imports. We're introducing pioneering really new easy installation tile, roofing and outdoor products. And at the -- what we're looking for then is we've got our inventories in good shape, we will by the end of the year, we're about to ramp-up with all these new products and salespeople. And we have the opportunity to take share from these imports. And I think as you go through the year, our hope is that these things kick-in, and that we are able to use our capacity.
Chris Wellborn: All I'd add to that is that for the enterprise, it's lower, like Jeff says $15 million, but that's largely in Flooring Rest of the World, but that's with lot of input costs easing. So I think offline we could bridge the quarter by segments. But the theme is essentially that is that there's competitive marketplace out there.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think as we -- next year as we go into next year we've got all these things to drive our business and how we utilize that capacity will really depend on how fast they ramp up.
Chris Wellborn: Mainly the input cost is globally, like Jeff said, has been in energy, materials, labor, in several areas. One more on the material costs and ceramic in some cases, there's trucking costs that have also gone up to move the stuff to the plant, which has also impacted the material costs.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the thing that, as Jeff mentioned, one of the costs that really ramped up last year was the transportation cost. That was a significant cost increase and also the material cost. We had both of those.
Chris Wellborn: So when you look at Flooring Rest of the World, the European economy is slowing little. But each of those countries and markets are different and our businesses are performing well in each of them. Our investment in innovation, cost, and new businesses are enhancing our results and we're well-positioned in each of those categories. Laminate, LVT and sheet vinyl are performing the best. And our new operations are making progress. That would be on the Flooring Rest of World. And on the ceramic side, I think it's just like we talked about. So far Europe has been affected by slowing economy, particularly Italy, Germany, and there also the European ceramic business has been impacted by lower exports to other regions. Now in that context, we're managing our business well, commercial is doing better. And just like in the U.S., we're increasing our sales organization in new showrooms. And we're also selling more mid and low-end product to increase sales. So we're doing a lot but we think the economies will still be relatively weak.
Chris Wellborn: You have also these new projects coming on you have LVT that the line is going to change from a drag to a positive. You have Russian sheet vinyl plant has come up and it's going to slip to a positive. You have the laminate businesses, which we put investments in a while that they're running well, and using the capacities and we have more capacity in Russia and it's doing okay. But there are drags from the economy. So you have the economy drags on one side and you have the various positive things we're doing on the other. We'll have to see how they all balance out.
Chris Wellborn: It's been an impact but not as great. You have the Chinese currency got weaker, and the suppliers absorbed the portion of it as you go through. And we're in the same position as the rest of the market. And there's also production moving, trying to move to other places to be made. So we're in the same boat as everybody else.
Chris Wellborn: We have price points -- we have price points up and down the spectrum in ceramic, and I wouldn't overemphasize these lower price points, where in selected situations where we have opportunities, we’re targeting it because we are underutilized in our assets. But overall, it's not a huge piece of our production.
Glenn Landau: Yes, I mean, I think the message here and this is Glenn is essentially the fourth quarter has played out as we expected. The dynamics in the fourth quarter are the same as the dynamics in the third quarter. And the biggest is in ceramics in volume. And ultimately, that and the downtime we're taking against that volume to manage our inventories in the U.S. So those are the two key buckets that that, that build that guidance. There's really no more new issues. It's just a seasonally different quarter in different amount of days and from there fill in the blanks.
Glenn Landau: On the CapEx next year it will be less than depreciation. The biggest part of it's going to be spend on projects that have good pay backs and reducing our costs and each pieces with limited risk in them. And we think we have a number of those identified and able to do. On the stock buyback we are going to complete the stock purchases over time as we have said and we haven't made any plans to add to it, we will decide that in the future when we get there.
Glenn Landau: As I said earlier, price mix turned positive and productivity with factoring start-up costs also were positive. So yes, we have the volume challenges, but from a mix standpoint, was the biggest driver keeping the overall segment across the categories in a flat to positive mode of about $4 million.
