Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the first quarter, our results came in line with the high end of our expectations. We delivered sales of $2.4 billion, up 1% as reported and up 6% on a constant exchange and days basis. Our adjusted operating income for the period was $207 million or 8.5% of sales in a difficult environment which we anticipate improving. The U.S. dollar strengthened significantly versus the prior year reducing our translated results for the period. During the period, the economies were softer in most of our regions. Housing markets were weaker, and material and energy cost escalated around the world. Uneven demand impacted volume increasing pressure on pricing and mix as competition increased. To align our inventories with demand, we reduced production rates to manage working capital. In the U.S. flooring retails reported that after a disappointing results in January and February, activity was improving by the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, we raised prices in many of our markets to cover inflation. And each of our businesses are taking specific actions to adapt to the present environment. We are introducing new products to differentiate our offerings and enhance our margins. We have replaced higher cost assets, consolidated operations, enhanced manufacturing processes, and reduced overhead expenses. We will take further actions across the enterprise as we move through the year to grow our sales and improve our margins. While we are managing through the current conditions, we are continuing to strengthen the long-term value of the business. The integration of 2018 acquisitions in Australia, New Zealand, and Brazil remains on track. And we are further investing to enhance their performance. Our products and geographic expansions continue to ramp up as we increase sales. We will realize the potential of these projects through 2020 and beyond. For more detail on the performance of segments, I'll turn the call over to Chris.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S., the industry we are anticipating with housing and what's going on in the market to be slower this year than last year, but we really don't have a good visual into how that's going to evolve. Depending on the different estimates, some people have it picking up dramatically as we go through the year and others have it still hesitating. Our estimates aren't any better. In Europe, the economies are all slowing across Europe and the competition is increasing as that occurs. And in that environment, we outperformed it in the first quarter. We think we can continue to outperform it for the rest of the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Industry sales were weaker. The production was lowered in order to reduce the inventories. We had high material cost flowing through from prior which impacted the margins. The price increases we put in are helping to offset except the mix is going the other direction. We see lower material cost and higher prices improving margins going into the second quarter. To improve the cost, we talked about replacing high cost assets, closing inefficient operations. We are consolidating multiple warehouses and we are reducing headcounts and overheads to improve the results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: What was said is that the global capacity was operating where we expect will be over a $1 billion when the plants are optimized as we go through in Europe the LBT line is ahead of the U.S. line and the process has stabilized, the productivity and wastes are continuing to get better. We have identified equipment modifications which are being executed as the volumes going up to eliminate bottlenecks which are holding it up. We are introducing products across our brand and rigid products to use the capacity and we're expanding our customer base in Europe. In the U.S., we are making engineering modifications similar to ones that have already been put in Europe the U.S. is making progress in it. We are shipping rigid products in the marketplace as we go through and I don't have any specific numbers to give you but we're confident that the LBT deal provide us advantages and through the year continue increasing as we increase the volume the overhead absorptions and the returns will get better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the U.S. the numbers are now for last year yet but we're estimating that the industry grew 3% to 3.5% and our assumptions are that with what's going on it'll be slower than that and be less than that even with the price inflation that's occurred overall that's our sort of thinking about it. The carpet industry sales in the first quarter were down and so were ours with LBT impacting on as we go through and that's also being impacted by mixed economy as we go through so that would help you a little.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So productivity across the business was impacted by lower manufacturing, levels higher costs for the employees and the ramping up of these new projects all end up in productivity improved the cost we talked about replacing assets and restructuring different parts and operations and we've reduced both direct labor and overheads. We think the productivity will continue to lag in the near term due to the inefficiencies and higher costs but we expect to see improvements continuing throughout the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The inventory levels were up in the period but almost all the inventory increase was up to two new plants that require inventories to support them. The acquisitions that we did last year the inventory flowing in and then with the tariffs that were expected. The products we're importing from China would dramatically increase the inventories in the period, for the most part most of our inventories in the ongoing businesses were kept under control with lower production rates and we're going to match the demand the production with the demand for the most part going forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Last year in the insulation business there was a shortage of raw materials and the prices spiked about 30% or more and the prices have in the recent time come back down. So a major part of that is those prices coming down but at the same time it drove our selling prices up impacted the volume of the industry and us and with the costs coming down we're lowering the selling prices along with the decreases but the volume of the product category is going up and it's doing reasonably well right now.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have a really strong organization in the North American ceramic business is operating well and continues to operate well at the moment we've chosen for Chris to operate as the interim President and we haven't selected another person at this point. There's no rush the Chris if you remember operated the business for many years and the organization is continuing to go forward. We have selected someone else to run the other business and everything's like we would like it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well I can just comment on that. In some cases in the ceramic side with large customers, we have a lot of new products coming in and they are at the same time taking all the old products out. So that's causing some of the de-stocking that you're talking about where it's just product changes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think it's changed anything. Nothing's come as a surprise. You have periods of time where the U.S. dollar strengthens and then the translated results are impacted as part of the European businesses, we're investing in, we're trying to grow into other product categories as we've talked about to expand our footprint in Europe. There was strong organization that we think are outperforming the market in Russia. We expanded our presence, we have the leading ceramic business in Russia where we expanded the laminate business and Russia is doing well, we've put in new equipment to expand it and we're putting more investments in as we grow our market share in Russia. We've entered the Brazilian market with the new acquisitions we made last fall. We hired one of the best, we bought one of the best businesses and got the talented management alongside it to operate it. There will be more volatility in that marketplace but I think we're well positioned to do well within it. And so as a general rule, I would throw in Australia to Australia. We knew that the marketplace was due for a slowdown and we bought it. That was based on what we paid for it, we think we paid the right amount for it given that we knew we were headed into it and no surprise that Housing was overbuilt and softening right now. The results are still good and they're changing the strategies as we go forward. So I think we're doing the right things for the long-term of the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: But there is more volatility, I mean the one you just talked about the translated results from Russia 1.5 was Ruble is collapse but our business is still strong there and still growing.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So what first thing is we installed some new low-cost extrusion capacity, which still is leading to closing to old extrusion operations, we're also closing a yarn plant, a small tuck in plant. In laminate, we built a new warehouse to take off and we're closing two other warehouses and consolidate another plant with that move all of the things have good paybacks based on reducing the costs.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We took out some high cost extrusion and it will be slightly less but not; it won't keep it from meeting the ongoing demand.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We consolidate this together. So the new assets we have half of it in and running now. And the other half going in the next month, I think and I guess through the costs of our extrusion costs will come down. That's the…
Jeff Lorberbaum: The important LVT sales are going up significantly. We also brought in more inventory based on thinking there could be a 25% tariff increase ahead of it. Also, the sales of our own manufacturing products are also going up as we go through.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well the accretion guidance hasn't really changed John; I think we said for early on at a Brazilian acquisition. We expected annual EPS accretion in the first year of about $0.15. And then, on Godfrey Hirst, I think we had said accretion of $0.15 in the second-half of last year, so about $0.30 for the full-year, so that those numbers haven't changed.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The problem we're having is you're asking for specific ongoing guidance, which we continue to say we giving the general piece of where it is. We think that we have a lot of actions in place to improve our position in the business. There's some questions about what will happen in the different environments, such as, depends on who you listen to the dollar strength could go up significantly, depending on somebody or could go the other way dramatically, depending on who you listen to. The oil price hit recent highs lately, it could be at $55, or it could be to $80, which impacts the prices. There's a lot of variables, which we don't know how to put into the specifics. And we don't want to lead you astray.
Jeff Lorberbaum: There are price increases and most products and most geographies that have been implemented on the prices are flowing into the business, which is helping the second quarter. Also, this increases in various prices you mentioned, Brazil. The gas prices have gone up astronomically. We have the same thing in Mexico as yet. So the pricing is covering -- in some cases, it's covering the changing pieces and other cases, it should help the margin, which is why the second quarter is going to be better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's too early to tell. The price is highly volatile. It could drop significantly or stay the same or go up. In general, it takes anywhere from two to three, four months to pass through to our purchases. And that also changes depending on supply and demand dynamics of the various steps in between. So we're watching it and we'll have to see. The move has been recent. And we have no idea whether it's going to going to be maintained or if it's going to go up or down from here quickly. As if so our guests are no better than anybody else in the oil business and the chemical businesses as you go through. With that, I'd like to make sure everybody understands that we're taking the actions to improve our results. We're confident that our new investments will give us the returns we want in time as we wrap them up. We're taking actions to improve the existing businesses. And we appreciate you joining us for the call. Thank you very much.
Glenn Landau: Yeah. So I think what's happening in flooring Rest of World Is in some of the categories over there product categories we're seeing raw materials go down and that's impacting pricing. Jeff I don't know if you want to add anything to that or not.
Glenn Landau: Well, the big driver on that is inventories. Justin and we've been working as Jeff mentioned, to get our inventories down for some time I think that made good, we've made good progress with that. The inventories are if you look at it from the end of last quarter to the end of this quarter, about $50 million. However, days actually improved by one and a half days. If you compare inventories to a year ago, they're up over just a little bit over $290 million. And most of that related to the new plants, all the investments we're doing that we're putting out, how to get the inventories up before ahead of the sales. The acquisitions that we've done, and then the higher Chinese inventories that we came in, came in to get ahead of the tariffs. So I think…
Glenn Landau: I'm just going to say, I just say, I think we're managing our inventories. Well, we're making progress, and we'll be in line where we need to be by the end of the year.
Glenn Landau: As you said the results for the first quarter were at the high end of our expectations. We expect the second quarter results improved with higher pricing and volume and lower raw material costs. At the same time, as we look out, we see the economy slowing and we see housing growth under pressure. We also are having difficulty anticipating what the inflation is going to be for the rest of the year. What we've continued to say is that the year-over-year decline in margins will improve throughout the year and keep getting better. And the future periods will have higher production rates, will have increased pricing, they'll be less startup costs in them. And it will start getting some of the benefits from the restructurings that we've been talking about.
Glenn Landau: We'll get some, the activities will be ongoing through this year, and then we'll see a much better benefit, larger benefit full-year benefit as we move into next year.
Chris Wellborn: Steve, I would just comment the throughout this ceramic segment now the organization is extremely strong, Europe, Russia, Brazil, North America and of course JP and I sat beside of each other for 20 years I've put him in that job and I just want him time to get in the business again and it's working really well.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add one more thing just to make a point. Russia we've been in since 2013 with the Ceramic acquisition and we've got a really good strong management team there and they've done a phenomenal job managing through the ups and downs and staying ahead of the market through both increasing and declining environments. So overall, I think we've done a pretty good job of managing the complexity of the geographic footprint around the globe.
Chris Wellborn: And I would just add one more thing, even when we go into a market like Brazil, we've known Eliane for 20 years. We know the management team very well, the President very well, and so, we've done a lot of work before we make an acquisition like that.
Chris Wellborn: I think, we do expect those at the same time we are having difficulty estimating the economies in the housing pieces we go through as well as the inflation right now. And the only guidance we've given is what we keep saying that the Euro decline in margins will improve and get better as we go through the year.
Chris Wellborn: Most of it's behind us, but there's still some of it left because the first quarter wasn't quite as strong as we thought, but for the most part, as we said will be manufacturing and most of the businesses similar to the demand.
Chris Wellborn: The different assets manufacturers different products and so you can't relatively, can't easily switch them between one product category in another. Next question operator.
