Jeff Lorberbaum: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2011 conference call. With me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who'll review our Safe Harbor statement and later, the financial results.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just a minute, I'm not sure your reference to the earlier-quarter comments -- where it came from. I think your question is...
Jeff Lorberbaum: The Commercial in all the categories is growing significantly. It's growing -- I have to remind you that the Unilin segment is all the Residential business, almost all residential replacement and has none, so the Commercial business is all in the Mohawk and Dal-Tile segments in the U.S. business. Both of those have been having significant growth as commercial channels have begun more remodeling in the business, and we see it continuing at this point as people invest to continue improving their business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Okay. First, our anticipation what's going to happen in the economy is no better than yours. You have to guess what's going to happen. What we've had in the Laminate business in Europe, it's been under pressure. We think that we've been doing better than the marketplace by taking share in the different markets and expanding into different channels that we've been in. We are putting investments in Russia to put up a new plant there. The capacity we're putting in Russia is about $100 million worth of sales in Russia. It will take a while to utilize the full capacity. We've been investing money in the short-term, building up the sales that the plant has things to operate under. The roofing and panel businesses have been improving from a low point in volume. On the other hand, they still have pressure in the margins, but those have improved also. We think we'll see continued improvement in those areas from the low point they've been at the last couple of years as we go through.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The laminate industry had -- prior to a number of years ago, was growing dramatically faster than the flooring market as a whole. Presently, it's growing relatively in line with the industry as a whole. At the same time, you have that the average price of the industry has gone down as an industry, so that reduction has impacted some of its participation in it. We think that they will continue to grow, our market, plus or minus a little bit, going forward. We think that we're going to improve our position by participating in the do-it-yourself channels in the Europe and U.S. much more so than we have in the past. We've made dramatic moves to participate on both sides of the water, and we think it will help us improve our positions in the marketplace.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Laminate in Europe. Europe used to be a major producer for the entire world, and huge amounts of the European capacity was exported around the world. In the last few years, there has been a buildup of capacity in various local geographies, so the opportunity to export has decreased dramatically. At the same time, that has created significant excess capacity in the European marketplace, which has pushed down the average price of product significantly, along with the reduction in the economy in general. From our business, we focus more in Europe on the mid-to-high end part of the marketplace, and so the pressures are much worse in the opening price points than they are in the differentiated products and where we have brands, so we're not as affected as much. On the other hand, with the marketplace being down, we've been able to increase our market share by offering differentiated products through the DIY channels, which we had very limited participation in prior to the last year or so. In the U.S., the same thing. Most of our business was through the specialty store channels. In the last year or so, we have moved into participating in both wood and laminate in the do-it-yourself, the wood channels, the Home Center channels, and we have made significant progress in those channels which are helping our business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Our business was actually up slightly, our volume was up slightly in a industry that was down, and we think we've done that through expanding the shares and then the mix of products. We're going to participate in the mix of products, and we think it'll be in line with our average across the different channels with lower SG&A cost and other things that go along with it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's start with the installation. Installation is a new business for us, about 1 year to 2 years old. It is a board that you put in construction of either new homes or remodeling to insulate the homes and business so they use less energy. The European government are supporting those things with incentives, so that category is growing significantly. We estimate the insulation board business in Europe to be about $1 billion business. In that, the regions we participate in is about 1/3 of it, so about $300 million. We think the industry's going to grow about 5% to 6%, 7%. We think the polyurethane insulation, which has properties that are better than the others, will grow in the midteens at the expense of the other ones. With that, we're increasing our capacity in the operations we have as we speak, and then we have a plan to extend it further and add other facilities in the future. The European growth, I think what I was trying to say is that we expect the European laminate growth to grow approximately in line with the flooring industry, and our goal is to outdo the industry by somewhat. We've had more pressure on our category because in the last period of time, as the industry and the economies have gone down, people have traded down. And so the lower price points have grown more than the higher price points, and we've been able to overcome that by expanding our distribution channels.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The product mix in all the businesses have declined, as the retailers and consumers try to minimize the expenditures that they're putting in their homes, which they perceive as less value. So the mix across all the different channels are lower. Where historically, we would see when consumers come in, they would want to buy the best thing they could afford and trade them up through their own limitations in their financing and/or through the retailers driving lower price points to try to differentiate themselves, the mix is lower. Usually, when you get further along in a coming out of the downturn, people go back to buying higher-value products. We haven't seen that yet.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that 90 days ago, we had a view of the economy that we were potentially coming out of the downturn, that the economy was picking up, that we had hoped the employment would be higher along with everybody else, and so we are a little less optimistic given the latest information.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at the second quarter, there were some inconsistencies you would expect from week-to-week in different pieces. In general, we saw a relatively seasonal improvement that you normally see. And typically, the business gets a little better as you go through the year, so we saw the normal things we do. If we look back at July, we see a continuation of the similar trends that we saw in July and going forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, with some inconsistencies though. It's not like a straight line you'd see in a perfect economy. On the other hand, I have to remind you that Unilin's business slows down with European vacations and things on that basis. So you've got to add all that back together.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's a never-ending battle that you never reach the end. Let's see. We are right in the middle of our strategic plan for next year. I can tell you that this year, each of the division had more than 100 very specific projects to reduce their cost structures, to drive their product mix and drive their management of it, and I can tell you that they're achieving what they did this year and they're putting together similar things for next year. I think they will come up with process improvements, ways of improving the products and driving the production yields. I think that we're getting better at controlling our product mix to the marketplace. I think we have opportunities to improve our product management, the pricing structures in the marketplace. I think that we can get a little leverage in the top line volume. It will flow through all the parts of the business, but I still think there's opportunities in all of them to get better.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look across all the businesses, I mean, we have so many parts and pieces. If I had to give you a broad range, I'd say it's probably 70% to 80% across all the pieces. I mean, that you could have pieces above it, close to 100 pieces below it also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We account as best we can to project where we think they're going to be. There are a lot of variables in it. When we look at the going-forward piece, you start with the top line where the economies are really hard to guess because they're not forming a straight line. You look at our raw materials, we said that you have about one month view of the raw materials that keep changing. So we do our best to do what -- I think we're pretty good at the guessing. I think if you look back at a thing we'd probably tend to be in the -- around the third quartile. If you look at the range, we tend to end up somewhere in the third quartile, up or down, most of the time. And some of the time, we end up above it and some of the time we end up below it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think the answer to the first question is yes, which means we have a mix impact in every product category that we have across every segment. You heard me being more specific about the change that's going on in the raw material and product structure and the carpet one. But the same things are happening at different levels across each of the businesses, as much from retailers trying to create reasons for customers to come in, they tend to be pushing price more. And then it tends to be compacting it even more than the -- I believe, the consumers are really desiring by their focuses. Looking out long-term, we continue to do everything we can to increase the margins. Our goal is to get back to the margins Frank was talking about earlier about, overall, the historical margins. We think that we're putting in place the right cost structures across the business. We're aggressively managing the pieces we can control, and I think we're going to continue increasing our margins and then we're going to get a big lift and we'll get some unit volume to help us.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think somewhere in the midteens in terms of our revenues outside of North America and most of that's in Western Europe, in Belgium, Netherlands, France, U.K., Spain, we're growing our presence in Russia. And there are few other countries that would be scattered in there as well.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Sure. The Mexican plant should be up and operating about mid next year. It has about $50 million of capacity in the initial phase that's going up. We have been doing making, aggressive investments in our product line, in our sales personnel to increase our distribution. What it does for us in Mexico is that historically, we've had -- we've played in the mid- to high-end of the marketplace because of the making porcelain tile. The majority of the Mexican market is in non-porcelain tile. The plant we're building is outside Mexico City, which is where the majority of the population is, and it reduces the freight costs, the raw materials are nearby it. So this is going to allow us to be a full product line supplier to the industry. We've actually already started selling products in most price points and subsidizing them in the short term. When the plant comes up, we'll move product that's being manufactured in our northern facility to the new plant. We'll more aggressively go after the price points in the lower end of the marketplace, and we'll use the capacity in the north to support more of our U.S. business growth that we expect to happen over time. In Russia, we're putting in a laminate plant outside Moscow. It has a capacity of somewhere around $100 million capacity. We've been growing our customer base there, by shipping in products. We've put in about a year or so ago a local distribution center, so we could get to smaller customers that couldn't import as much. We've been building a distribution in Russia. The plant should be operational the end of this quarter. We've been putting money in it to expand the distribution, as well as train people to operate the plant. As with everything in Russia, you have to make sure and get the permits, which until you finally get them, we can't say you have them, but we think we're all in line with it. And we're optimistic about our opportunity to participate in there also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's put in place and being spent. Just a point, Mexico, the economy is not tracking the U.S. at this point. The Mexican economy is doing rather well, and just like other parts of the world, they are behind in housing, and we think that it's doing well at this point.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not at this -- the trends from the second quarter to now or one month later is continuing along in the same direction.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Start out with the third quarter. Basically, the raw materials we bought in the second quarter are the cost we have to have flow-through on the third quarter. So the costs in the third quarter are going to be higher, the costs in the financial statements will be higher in the third quarter than they were in the second quarter. The raw materials do follow the oil prices with some lag, with the exception of they don't follow exactly. And at points in time, they can be running diametrically opposed because what you have is the supply and demand of the intermediate chemicals that flow-through in the different pieces. And with the world marketplace, those things flow across our countries and borders, and the prices in one country impact the prices in the other. So as a general statement, as oil prices go up and down, we will get cost up and down with the lag, depends on different pieces. But they can be -- I mean I've seen them 6 or 9 months apart going opposite directions for periods of time.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look back over time, as the prices declined significantly, the industry starts giving them back through promotions and other things, and they do leak out over time. The difference, at this point, is the industry margins aren't as high as the industry needs to support the investments we all have to do. So hopefully, we would hold on to more of them, but get back to a more normalized margins would be a nice thing to occur.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I would still put it in at the same range. Again, the carpet industry, the carpet piece we have, a lot of different manufacturing operations that support it. So we have extrusion pieces, which you see us putting more capacity, because the needs are running and we need the capacity. You see us putting in more filament piece because it's running relatively fill. Now what happened is that the change from spun yarns and nylon into Triexta and PET, so you see us changing the structure of those pieces. We have shut down significant parts of the business. Most of them are running on five-day schedules with ability to go up to 7 days, if required, across the pieces. I think we have relatively good position across the businesses today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It's really a decision over can we find the right acquisitions to do to support our long-term strategy versus the value we can add through buying back stock. And the third piece is we have been trying to get our balance sheet in order so that we could get an upgrade in our rating. So we're balancing all 3, and we're willing to push the limits of all of them if we think it's the right thing for the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We have multiple strategies on the acquisition side. We are looking at tie-in acquisitions in the present geographies and markets we're in. We're looking at opportunities and new geographies in high-growth world marketplaces that we don't participate in. We think there will be opportunities in all of those over the next couple of years. On the other hand, if the stock at the right price becomes an opportunity, that may be better than the others. We have authority to buy back stock from our Board, and we'll consider which ones we want to use. On the other hand, we'd like to have enough flexibility in the future to adapt to changing environments. So it's the balance of the 3.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In the Wood business, we have available capacity to sell in our present business, and engineered wood is the height -- is one category we have excess capacity there. We also have excess capacity on solid woods. So we have significant capacity to grow our business. The question will be is that an acquisition that would help us achieve our goals better, and we always look at them.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the percentage. The industry, at one point, the new construction is somewhere around 25% of all new homes, which that's a part and it's a piece of it. If I give you a guess, it's less than 1/2 of that. At this point, it could be about -- I remember the total being built now, it's about 1/2 and 1/2, apartments and other. And then because they use less flooring for each, I'm just taking a guess, I don't know.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Promotions are used for multiple objectives in the industry. We use promotions to try to balance out assets with the sales level. We use promotions to try to react to competitive environments. We use promotions to try to create relationships with the customers. All those different things are ongoing at all points in time. I don't see them significantly different than they are at other points.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The macro things you're seeing, the reports are coming out, whatever is showing up in the numbers, we've been living with it. It's not a new thing for us. We've been acting in the environment, the numbers are coming out that you're seeing, but nothing's changed from yesterday to today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We look over those things constantly. And what we have to do is measure the cost of either buying back the old bonds or the cost of having more debt than we need for a period of time versus the long-term savings. And since you've seen us not buyback up to now, what you see is that the economics that come out, the cost of the 2, the savings weren't enough to overcome the other up to this point. If it changes, we'll do it in a hurry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We don't have anything in terms of the restructuring on the drawing board right now. Any charges that do come through will just be carryover from projects that have been started in previous quarters. So it'll be much smaller than what we saw in the second quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. We think we're well-positioned for the changes in the marketplace, and we'll keep working diligently to improve the value of our business. Have a nice day.
Frank Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risk and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank Boykin: It's probably around 2% plus. I'm sorry, I'm looking at the wrong line here. Probably around 4% plus.
Frank Boykin: Well, Dennis, we're not really -- we don't typically give out gross margin estimates going forward, and we try to look more at stabilized operating margin estimates as we get to a more normalized trend, if that will answer your question. I can't give you those numbers.
Frank Boykin: Well, maybe let me try to answer it this way, and it's not a 2012 answer, it's when we get back to a more normalized environment from an operating margin standpoint. We've said as we think our carpet business is going to get back to the high single-digit range, and then the Dal-Tile business back to the 13%, 14% range and Unilin maybe in the 15% range, but that's when we get back to a more normalized environment.
Frank Boykin: Well, for sure, they'd be a headwind for the full year this year. And if nothing changes, then it should be a tailwind.
Frank Boykin: The 2 price increases we put in will be fully realized in the third quarter. The raw materials reached a peak higher than we probably expected in the second quarter to remind you that second quarter raw material cost flowed through under FIFO into the third quarter. Presently, we're expecting the third quarter to be slightly improved over the second quarter purchasing costs which will flow through on to the fourth quarter. And then as usual, we have our raw material costs that we basically buy very short-term and follow with the cost of market, so they're volatile with all the impact from both oil prices as well as worldwide demand, and they change almost monthly.
Frank Boykin: A large part of the price increases are in, and we're pushing them through the back end. What you see in the carpet business is a dramatic change in the makeup of the product. So what you see is that where polyester, not long ago, had a limited share, polyester is growing rapidly because the cost of it on a -- in a product is less. So you see this dramatic shift in quality to lower-priced polyester products. So continually, you're going to see that we said polyester and Triexta because of the values they provide are going to move as nylon and polypropylene are declining. In our ceramic businesses, the margins show that the customers are buying less-value products. And so the compression of margins is much about the change in the use of the products and ceramic and the average prices that are being sold in the marketplace today as anything else. Laminate, same thing. So it's not related to one product category. They're all the same. Our expectations are that consumers will go back to higher-value products though as they get more comfortable and they start spending more money. We did see some indications in some of our higher-end carpet products, that we're seeing some of them starting to sell a little more, but not enough to offset the mix change that's going on.
Frank Boykin: Josh, if you look at the third quarter for example, we do have price increases that will be coming online by the time we get to the end of the third quarter, but they won't be in place for the full third quarter. We also, as Jeff had mentioned, had the headwind with the raw materials that will be impacting our third quarter on the balance sheet at the end of the second quarter will be flowing through in the third quarter. So we have pluses and minuses in there going both ways as you move from second quarter to third quarter. And then fourth quarter, there's still a lot of uncertainty in terms of what's going to happen with raw materials and mix.
Frank Boykin: We don't have exact industry numbers. We think the industry, you have to remember now, in the ceramic industry, almost 50% of it historically was new construction, so we think the industry is under significant pressure. We think we are gaining share from imports, as a percent of the piece we're taking share from it and we're growing our share, and we think the industry would be down some number. I don't have the number at this moment.
Frank Boykin: Not necessarily. I mean, we've got a maturity coming up in April of next year, so it gives us flexibility with that as well.
Frank Boykin: We have the ability, we have an accordion feature in that bank facility that allows us to add on to it.
Frank Boykin: Well, the build from the end of the fourth quarter to the end of the second quarter, about 3/4 of it is related to -- about 3/4 of it is related to combination of inflation and foreign exchange.
