Jeff Lorberbaum: Mohawk's third quarter sales increased to $2.9 billion, up 3.6% as reported or approximately 8.3% on a constant basis, primarily from price increases and strength in the commercial sector. Our sales in the quarter were weaker than we anticipated, as sales in the retail channel softened across all regions and product categories. The strengthening dollar also negatively impacted our translated sales for the quarter by $117 million or 4.1%. Our operating income declined as lower volume resulted in higher unabsorbed costs and material energy and transportation inflation impacted our results. Our global organization responded to the economic challenges with additional actions to optimize cost, productivity and inventory levels. There are substantial differences in the economic conditions affecting our various global markets and product categories. Our businesses in Europe have been impacted more than others, due to the unprecedented energy crisis and high inflation that has slowed the region's economy. Recently, spot gas prices in Europe have fallen drastically, though future prices have not correspondently declined. Our costs have continued to rise and our pricing in Europe has not kept up with recent material and energy inflation, which has compressed our margins. The Italian government provided energy subsidies during the third quarter and additional actions from both the European Union and individual countries are being discussed. The high cost of energy has forced European consumers to concentrate on necessities and defer discretionary purchases. Our sales and margins in the market will remain under pressure until the region overcomes these challenges. These postponed purchases will increase demand when the economy rebounds and enhance our results. The US is being more impacted by higher overall inflation and mortgage rates that have risen from below 3% to approximately 7%. The residential market, which is the most significant part of our business is expected to decline further before we see an inflection point. Remodeling has slowed, and our product mix has been impacted as consumer’s trade down to options that better fit their budgets. It is estimated that the US has a housing deficit of five million units and more than half of US homes are over 50 years old. Remodeling investments are expected to grow long-term as US housing stock ages and families with low mortgages choose to remain in their homes. Up until this point, our other geographies have been less impacted by inflation and higher interest rates. Our selling prices in those regions are better aligned with our costs and their margins remain strong even with their economy slowing. While we manage through the current conditions, we're also investing in our businesses for the long-term. We're expanding our capacity and growing product categories, including LVT, laminate, quartz countertops and premium ceramic and insulation. These projects should satisfy strengthening demand as our markets recover. We have recently completed a number of smaller acquisitions that will enhance our product offering and leverage our existing market positions. In Europe, these include sheet vinyl business, a mezzanine flooring company and a wood veneer plant. In the US, we acquired a non-woven flooring producer and a flooring accessories company. We're awaiting government approval of our Vitromex acquisition, which combined with our legacy business will make us the number two ceramic producer in Mexico. Our strong balance sheet provides us with additional opportunities to enhance our business. We recently published our 13th Annual Environmental, social & Governance report which highlights how doing what's right for the people and the planet is also benefiting our business. Our sustainable products excite both residential and commercial customers and our bottom line is enhanced by increasing recycled content, reducing waste and lowering our water and energy consumption. Now Jim will review our third quarter financial performance.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. It's challenging to predict either the duration of the current economic conditions or the impact on our industry, as central banks around the world continue to raise interest rates and inflation reduces the discretionary expenditures. We expect our business to remain under pressure. Residential remodeling drives the majority of our sales and customers are deferring purchases and trading down. In Europe, gas and electricity prices are reducing demand and increasing our manufacturing and material costs. We anticipate that governments in Europe will take action to lower the impact on the economy, businesses and consumers. We're focused on managing through the current environment, while investing to maximize our long-term profitability. We anticipate demand will slow further in the fourth quarter, and we will reduce production resulting in greater unabsorbed overhead. To enhance sales, we're increasing promotional activity, introducing differentiated collections and reacting to competitive actions. We are executing restructuring actions, lowering administrative and manufacturing costs and reducing investment in marketing. Material prices spiked in the period and have begun softening in many categories. In Europe, flooring projects are being deferred, compressing industry volumes, and we are raising inventories of specific products ahead of higher energy costs this winter. After our second quarter U.S. pricing announcement, we incurred peak carpet material costs that will compress our margins until they flow through our inventory. We are postponing capital projects that do not impact our long-term strategies while completing those that are critical to near-term performance of the business. Finally, we expect the strengthening U.S. dollar will continue to reduce our translated results. Given these factors, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be $1.40 to $1.50, excluding any restructuring charges. During the past decades, Mark has successfully managed through many challenging periods and industry recessions. The fundamentals of our business remain strong, and floor remains an essential component of all new construction and remodeling. Mark has built leading positions in key markets around the globe with well-known brands and extensive product offering. During this period, we're investing for the market rebound that always occurs after our industry contracts. We're expanding our higher growth categories of LVT, laminate, quartz countertops, premium ceramic and insulation, which will increase our revenue and profitability with the next growth cycle. We've also made strategic bolt-on acquisitions for our business that creates significant synergies that will enhance the combined results. Mohawk has a strong balance sheet with low net debt of 1.2 times EBITDA and available liquidity exceeding $1.8 billion to manage through the current environment and optimize our long-term results. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, there's a lot of differences in this time versus other ones. In other cycles, employment wasn't strong like it is now. We have wages increasing. We have housing remaining strong. We have aging homes that will help. So this whole cycle is really different than the last couple we've been through where warehousing was major overbuilt and had to adjust. We have strong positions in all of our markets, and we're continuing to invest in each of the different categories. As I said before, the major growth categories of the business are in LVT, which is the industry is continuing to grow, laminate, which we have been able to take market share and expand the entire category. Quartz countertops is taking share from all the other alternatives, which includes stone and laminate countertops, so it's in a growth mode. Premium laminate continues to grow. And our installation business in Europe is in a good position, as people invest more to reduce their energy. So we're in really good shape for those. We've also made strategic acquisitions, all of which bolt on to the business and every single one of them has dramatic synergies with our present business, enhancing both the existing businesses in it. So with all this, we think we're taking the right actions in the short term, and we think we're well positioned to grow. And as always, we would expect the volume to increase our margins to expand, and we think are in good shape to have a dramatic impact on the business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So let's go through all the different ones. Some of them aren't going to start up until 2024 to tell you the truth. So it depends on which one. Our laminate business is growing in the U.S. We have new capacities put on. We have full commitments for all of that we have and we have been unable to satisfy the demand. In laminate, it's taking -- it's really become an alternative as a waterproof option for every other product, including LVT in the marketplace. And it has some benefits it doesn't have. So it's growing, and we're continuing to invest in it. Quartz countertops, the business has been sold up. We're using imported products to support the business, and that should start up in 2024, enabling us to grow it. LVT is the expansion of the West Coast plant, which is probably about 30% done now. And the rest of it will come in over time. We have expanding commitments for it, and we're also importing products from around the world, which also offer opportunities to use it. We're investing in premium ceramic. The biggest piece is in slabs in Europe. It's also oversold, and we have been sourcing significant product from other people to support that business, as it grows. And then, we have the insulation business, which when we bought an acquisition, they were in the process of finishing the plant and starting up. And it has some regional advantages given where the locations of other ones are, and we think that we can -- we're expanding our customer base already and starting to fill it up. So those are the biggest ones.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The destocking, we get feedback from customers, they're all more pessimistic about the future. With the feedback’s telling us that they're reducing inventories, but we really don't have a good way to quantify it. We're hoping that the bottom is in the near-term, and it will improve the future once it bottoms out, but we don't have good information to give you.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In our -- the biggest part of it is in our ceramic business. And we have hedged some of it, but we're still on spot on a large part of it, too. And then they're basically short-term, trying to minimize the spikes in the periods, where we are.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, that answer might be above my pay grade. Seriously. There's really dramatic different scenarios that can play out next year. And so if you go through the two, we have an optimistic one, which starts out with the assumption that Europe has limited problems with gas as they go through the winter, and then they have adequate supplies going forward. In the US, the version would be, that the interest rates peak and they start declining, and we see a significant rebound in the second and third quarter as the economies start preparing themselves. The alternative on the other one, which we're also preparing for is that European struggles with energy throughout the entire year and that the US inflation remains high and escalated through 2023. In that scenario, you get industry volume remaining low throughout the year and being pressure -- we have been pressured by unabsorbed overhead in a more competitive environment. So given where we are, you can get two dramatically different conclusions to it. Keep in mind that either way, we always enter a growth cycle after the contraction, because of all the postponed sales in our category. Our top line expands. This time, we'll have initial opportunities from the product expansions that we're doing, as well as the acquisition investments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Listen, all the categories have had problems recovering the last increment of pricing, because as the markets soften and then, at the same time, you have material prices peaking. So all the businesses are under pressure with the last incremental pricing. What else? At the same time, we started more promotional activities, where it makes sense, to try to improve volume. In some cases, we try to get people to trade up more in the business. As the costs flow through, it should improve our margins.
Jeff Lorberbaum: For the most part, there's still a lot of activity across the board with planned projects coming in. The projects that you get from the index, they still show that they're still running at a positive rate. You have the hospitality is doing better because the hospitality quit spending money during COVID, and there's a lot of projects that were postponed and you have to update those as they come through. The office you have, in some cases, more of them coming back to work and things are postponing. In some cases, people have to redo their offices for a different environment where they are going through -- the government projects are still coming through as they keep spending money. And then also in the healthcare piece, we're doing okay.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as a comment, the government in Italy is turning over, so the -- they keep approving these things almost month by month.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It gives you the impression, it's a neutral impact. It's not. We're raising the prices almost weekly, monthly over there. We have surcharges we're changing. We're walking away from product categories that the economics don't make any sense. We're moving products between different reasons based on the cost of it. We're starting and stopping the plants, I mean, week-to-week based on what the energy costs are in different countries and regions. So I mean, it's a full effort to manage through changing environments.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just for the comment. The future prices in Europe are somewhere in the 130, 140 range last time I looked, that may be lower than it right now. I mean, they move around so much in any given week as you go through. And then the spot prices today are -- were under 40, is it? And so I mean, nobody knows where it's going to end up.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And remember, when we came out of last year, the inventories were low in most of the businesses and the service was poor in most.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We know what the buying is, what we don't know is what our customers' inventories are. So we have indications that they're reducing their inventories. But I don't know if they're at the bottom or there's somewhere between, are they going to change them further. So we don't know that. All we know is the business, and we can't tell the difference between our shipments to them and their shipments to their customers.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just as a comment and the incremental, it's much easier to hold your costs as the volume rises than it is to decrease the fixed cost or even the variable cost as the thing goes down and then longer term, we have to make -- in the short term, we have to make decisions, how long is it going to last and where it is and how much you want to maintain even though the volume decreases.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In past downturns, the compression of the earnings and the compression of the multiples, most companies don't try to sell unless they have to in this environment. And -- so usually, most of the transactions are done on the other side of as you're coming out and the margins are expanding. I would expect that's where the opportunities are going to come this time also.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I can say that we've made a specific decision. We have to take each geography and each opportunity that comes and we evaluate it given how we perceive the future. At this point, I mean, Europe -- as you can tell, we don't have a view for the next three, four months, you alone the next year. So in Europe, under this circumstance, we have to have much more something that got us to do something immediately. As I would assume the rest of the world is in the same place we are. At this point, we're really trying to get ready for a slowdown and try to minimize things. But with the capital structure we have, if the right opportunity arises, we would take it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: A big part of it is we think we're going to produce less than we're selling in most marketplace and reduce the inventories. And as we go into next year, it's going to be really based on the demand. Usually, in the fourth quarter and first quarter, historically, it'd be coming out of a high season in the piece, and we'd actually be building inventories for next year. This year, we're going to not do that because we don't expect the demand to require it. So that's another pressure on just the short-term.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The answer is yes, meaning that it is built in that may or may not know that the flooring typically is at the end of the construction. So ours holds up a little bit longer than some of the ones that are at the front end. So right before they completed, they used the flooring, but the number of housing is being started is going to impact our business until it turns around in the future.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I'm not sure we've ever added up like that across all the categories. We have some of the businesses only participate in the premium and some participate from bottom to top, and it's different by product category and by region. I believe that we would have a much larger position in the medium to high, but I don't have a number to give you as yet across most of the businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the first part is -- the new capital investments, most of them take anywhere from a minimum of a year to as much as two years to implement. So the projects that are coming through now were agreed to the end of a year ago, is it. And once you start them, the ability to stop from is almost none, is it -- you have to write off all the investment that's already there. So those are in place and moving forward. Some of those will -- some of the costs of those will flow in the next year. And they're all in growth categories that we're going to need. We may not need as much of it in the short term as we thought, but we'll need it as soon as the business turns around in all of them as we go through. So, beyond those, we're cutting back on anything that doesn't impact the short-term business and managing through as we see the business today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Just another comment about the acquisitions. All the things that we've done recently, all have huge synergies between the new business and in the old business that connecting the two together, not only improves the margins of the acquired business, but also the existing business. Is it. So that should help us as we get those together and get all the cost synergies out of them. And there's also product and sales synergies.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We're taking the right steps to manage the existing conditions, and we're adjusting as a change over time, and it's a volatile environment. We're putting ourselves in the company in a really good position, but when the economy improves and comes out, we appreciate all of you joining us. Thank you very much.
James Brunk: And as Jeff noted, this is not being driven by really the housing market as we're underbuilt still in the US especially and have aging homes. So that should mean that you have a rebound with strong pent-up demand, as that's released, you'll get a higher EBITDA for the company and multiple expansion.
James Brunk: With the volume of declining in most businesses, you're going to see also pricing increasing due to inflation. In the period, as I kind of pointed during my prepared remarks, we had a negative impact from volumes of about $45 million and on unabsorbed overhead about $55 million. We would expect the volumes to be lower and continuing into the fourth quarter and anticipates production below sales in most areas and that unabsorbed overhead, I would expect to see that increase a little bit in the fourth quarter.
James Brunk: So as we announced earlier in the year, we're implementing restructuring plans. We talked about $90 million to $95 million of cost, cash being about $15 million to $20 million, the largest really in Flooring North America, where we're taking out high-cost assets and reducing rug manufacturing. In Europe, we're also reducing costs in overhead accordingly. It should generate savings somewhere between $35 million and $40 million annually starting with next year.
James Brunk: And really, Mike, when you kind of -- you take the combination of all those activities, it should lead us to sales opportunities about $800 million.
James Brunk: So in terms of the year-over-year sales, as we've talked about, we are highly exposed to residential remodeling. I would anticipate on a year-over-year basis, sales to be flat to down given the decline, especially in Europe, but across the business as well, we'll reduce production, which is resulting in the unabsorbed overhead, it's going to impact margins as well. I just want to make sure we pointed out; we talked about the peak carpet material costs flowing through in the quarter, that should impact the Florida, North American segment, somewhere in the $30 million to $35 million range. So most of that will come out in Q4 with a much smaller piece in Q1.
James Brunk: Yeah. So I would just Keith and Mike, is that in the fourth quarter, that should impact us included in our guidance is about $30 million to $35 million, and then you have a much smaller piece carrying over to Q1.
James Brunk: That's the key is, the good news is that we're seeing a reduction of the raw material costs, and therefore, it's better aligned with our pricing. And as you know, that will improve the margins as it turns through the inventory.
James Brunk: Yes. Really, if you think about what commercial was led by in the beginning was really government and healthcare with hospitality lagging. As Jeff pointed out, now hospitality and that includes hotels, casinos, airports, anything along the route of travel as consumers have moved their spending from kind of the day-to-day and now more into the travel and entertainment area, hospitality is having to catch up because of those low investments over the last couple of years.
James Brunk: Yes. So you'll see a benefit of that in Q3 and Q4 and a little bit will carry over into Q1 as it turns through the inventory.
James Brunk: Yes. In terms of the headwind, they've done a very good job of pushing price, running the premium end of our products. So there's really not a significant difference between price mix and energy at this point in ceramic Europe.
James Brunk: So the costs make up about the 75%, 76%, so in terms of the inflation. So it's by far the largest piece.
James Brunk: And so what you also see, Laura, I think it's important to look at sequentially as well. And you see that quarter-over-quarter, we've definitely slowed the pace of that increase in really all the -- quarter-over-quarter increases, inflation and then the added acquisitions. So the plan is to continue to look at production levels in the fourth quarter in most of our areas to lower inventory as we end the year. Again, that's -- most of our areas with some exceptions we've already talked about.
James Brunk: And then, on the price mix cost equation in the fourth quarter. Yes, especially because what we've called out, the impact in Flooring North America, I expect the gap to widen in the fourth quarter as compared to the third quarter.
James Brunk: And in terms of the decremental margins, Stephen, you have to really watch. They're going to vary by each one of our business lines depending on exactly how much production that we take out, which is going to equate to your uncovered overhead cost. So it really varies across each of the businesses within the segments. So I'm not sure if you can kind of just go on historical one, percentages at that point.
James Brunk: Well, look, in the short-term, just looking at the fourth quarter and what we included in our guidance, again, we expect the softening volume to continue and the shutdown -- the related shutdowns also to occur. So you'll have a very similar pattern to what you saw in Q3. And then I'll let Jeff answer on the longer term, but looking into 2023, as Jeff said, it really comes down to the two scenarios, and we want to be well positioned for wind as pent-up demand comes back to us.
James Brunk: But remember, the key point is how different the situation is and the fact that we're not overbuilt on housing and you have an aging inventory as well. So both remodeling and new housing is still poised to have a strong rebound in the future. And we certainly do not want to get caught without the ability to produce the required products.
James Brunk: Yes, the key -- and I think you hit that word. We have to stay very disciplined as we look into 2023 and go through our budgeting process. As Jeff said, we've initiated a number of projects to have the carryover effect into 2023. But beyond that, we will certainly scrutinize based on the demand levels.
James Brunk: Really, when you think about this collection of acquisitions, though being small, if you add Vitromex in, which hopefully will close in the first quarter, accumulation of additional sales that those are generating about $375 million on an annual basis. So as you look at those bolt-on ones, they are important to the ongoing business as well.
Chris Wellborn: Well, on the ceramic side, imported prices -- up until now, imported prices have increased. As we look forward, we could expect with a stronger dollar, they could decrease, but we're well positioned with our US manufacturing and sourcing capability to handle that.
Chris Wellborn: Well, the -- as you know, the costs are up dramatically year-over-year -- when you look just specifically at the fourth quarter, I think we're roughly about 60% hedged, now 60% to 70% hedged just for the fourth quarter.
Chris Wellborn: Yeah. And the comment about producing, what we're deciding to do is produce more in the fourth quarter where we anticipate having lower energy prices, and then reducing it in the first quarter when we expect the prices to be significant.
Chris Wellborn: Well, I think the way to think about that is, even if you're getting subsidies, the cost of gas should be much lower in the fourth quarter than it will be in the first quarter. So that's why we're doing more production in the fourth versus the first.
Chris Wellborn: Well, if you look at Flooring Rest of World, sales were up 9% on a local basis, which was driven mainly by price increases in panels and insulation. The segment sales are primarily residential and overall inflation is reducing retail purchases. When we came back from the holidays, we didn't see the normal increase in demand that we normally get. Our customers are reducing inventories and consumers are trading down in that market.
Chris Wellborn: Well, just talking about what happened in margins. Our margins were compressed by inflation, lower sales and reduced production there's weakening markets are making our prices difficult to implement. We're assessing alternative sources to lower our material cost. And in the market, similar to Italy, governments are reviewing ways to assist the industry and consumers with gas and electricity prices.
