Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Chris. The flooring industry is slowing due to higher interest rates, sustained inflation and low consumer confidence. The visibility of the depth and duration of this cycle is limited and conditions differ across the world. Mohawk has a strong record of managing these downturns by proactively executing the necessary actions. We're adjusting our business for the current conditions by reducing production level, inventory, cost structures and capital expenditures. We're implementing restructuring actions in both Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World to streamline operations, reduce SG&A and rationalize higher-cost assets. In the first quarter, we anticipate more pressure on pricing and mix due to the low industry volumes. Our inventory costs remain elevated in most products due to the higher material and energy that we incurred in earlier periods. Additionally, we will not raise production as normal in the first quarter to prepare for future demand, increasing our unabsorbed costs. Our cost of energy have fallen and should benefit our global margins as our inventory turn. Our second quarter results should have sequentially stronger improvement with seasonally higher sales, increased production and lower material costs. Significantly lower cost of energy in Europe should enhance consumer spending, discretionary purchases and flooring demand. We're refocusing our sales teams on the channels that are performing the best in the current environment. We're introducing new innovative collections and merchandising as well as targeted promotions to improve sales. Given these factors, we anticipate our first quarter EPS to be between $1.24 and $1.34, excluding restructuring and other charges. Around the world, the long-term demand for housing will require significant investments in new construction and remodeling. Mohawk is uniquely positioned with a comprehensive array of innovative products, industry-leading distribution and strength in all sales channels. We're implementing structural changes to navigate the industry's challenges while optimizing our future results. We anticipate coming out of this downturn in a stronger position as we benefit from our bolt-on acquisitions, enhanced market positions in Brazil and Mexico and strategic expansion of our high-growth product categories. Our balance sheet is well positioned to manage the current cycle and to drive future growth and profitability. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So the energy and material costs are moving. The low amount of volume we're seeing across the world, we're seeing additional promotions and pieces. So far, it's been controlled pieces across most of the marketplaces, and so we think that's going to continue. In our first quarter, we said we expect more pressure on pricing and mix at the lowest part of the year. And then we think that we're going to see some balancing of the cost and pricing better in the second quarter as the costs flow through inventory. We'll have to see how the rest of the year goes. We're going to have to continue to manage it and change as required.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The productivity piece is driven by multiple pieces as we slowdown -- some of it we isolate -- some of the costs we isolate into temporary shutdowns, but we don't catch them all. So the productivity ends up a catch-all for all of those things that change as they go through. We think due to the volume -- the volume differences between last year and this year, the productivity is going to be less in almost all the businesses. If you remember last year, we were coming out of COVID in the first half, we were building inventories and running most of the businesses at very high levels. This year, we're going to be running at much lower levels and that's what's going to show up in the productivity decrease as we go through. I think your other question was around the new investments. The new investments are all in areas that are growing and that we've had capacity limitations, and we think they're preparing this for a growth cycle as we go to the -- as we come out of this cycle at the other end, we're putting in -- the pieces are -- so we're adding laminate, which has been a growing category in the pieces as we go through. And it's expanding because it is becoming more accepted as a waterproof option, which is a technology we've brought in as an alternative to LVT and it's actually more resistant to scratches and more durable. We're increasing our quartz countertop business, which our lines has been running full. We've been supplementing with imported products to support greater sales, and that should be starting up at the end of this year. The investments in LVT In the western part of the country should support broader U.S. -- broader local-based production of it and should give us advantages by having both East Coast and West Coast production. And then we can supplement or not, source products we're doing with the same equipment. We are out of production in our ceramic slab businesses, which is based in Europe. it's a growing category that's taking the high-end marketplace as another alternative. And so we're increasing it. And finally, we've just started up a new insulation plant in Europe. in the U.K. It puts us in a new region that we haven't been in, and it's starting up now and expanding its production. So we've chosen the parts of the business that have the growth -- largest growth potential. And we think as we go into '24, it's going to pay us a lot of benefit.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So going into the first quarter, residential sales are slowing and customers are minimizing the inventory. So we're expecting them to keep their inventories low at this point. We are using high-cost inventory levels in the first quarter. Production volumes are lower than last year when the business benefited from a rebound we just talked about. There's more pressure on pricing and mix due to the industry volume and competition trying to utilize facilities as we are. We see inflation impacting our labor costs around the world as we start raising the labor rates, and we're actually putting some more investments in new products to reposition some of the pieces to optimize our volume this year. With this, we're anticipating improving conditions as we go into the second quarter with lower costs. To remind you, normally, margins expand as we go into the second quarter. We think that will expand a little more this year because of seasonally stronger volume and mix. In both our Flooring Rest of the World and North American segments, we're expecting the margins to improve as the cost and pricing better align from this inventory flow-through. We believe that European demand will also improve. In Europe, their wages are increasing at a higher rate than they are in the United States. And then over the winter, their energy costs were so high that it really impacted their discretionary spending. So we see that changing as the new gas prices flow through the economy. With all that, we see the input being a tailwind. Production levels should increase from where they are in the second -- first quarter to the second quarter. We see restructuring should start benefiting us more as we go through. And then -- so I guess last as we go through -- and we go into the fall of the year, the fall comparison should be weaker and we think that the category could improve with inflation declining, wages being higher and potentially housing starts improving from the bottom.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, where we are today, you have those peak costs that we didn't -- we weren't able to cover. So the cost peaked in the third quarter. It's still flowing through our inventory. The pricing never got aligned with it as the inventories were falling off. So that impacted the margins. As we go through, the cost and prices should more align helping the margins. And then overtime, we expect them to continue increasing. But in this environment, there's pressure on everything. So we'll have to get through this year, and they should improve significantly as we go into next year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't have the numbers in my head to compare them like you're asking. I think that in this year, what you have is all the lack of visibility, and we don't exactly know what the volumes are going to be and the competition is going to be. So we'll have to adjust as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Price /mix, first of all, you have a channel change as you go through. As you go through the cycles, the highest -margin businesses we have, with the retail replacement business, remodeling businesses and those slowdown first. So those margins slow down, and that impacts the mix as we go through. So that's having one part of it. The margins have been affected by these lower throughput through the plant as our cost increase and then we have to make conscious decisions over what we do with the infrastructure and how far you cut it back in order to make sure that you're able to operate as the business improves on the other side of the pieces. So we're managing those and keep changing the strategy based on what the volume levels do. The other thing, I guess, going on this year is you have -- recently, all the channel inventories were taken down. We think they should be bottomed out about now. We think the energy and inflation in Europe is going to be a big change in it as it flows through the economy over there. We see residential remodeling and home sales improving as we go through the year. And with that, we expect the mix to improve as the other categories improve.
Jeff Lorberbaum: And then around the world, the energy prices are continuing to come down everywhere, and it will impact the cost. We're going to have to see what happens with the competitive environment, given the slowing conditions around the world.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You're correct that we did in different markets on different products have some of it is temporary surcharges. It was both on product and on freight, and most of those surcharges have now gone away, and they don't exist anymore at this point. And the majority of the increases though were put through by price increases in the marketplace, and we're having to -- we'll just have to manage those relative to the competition to stay competitive with the world changes.
Jeff Lorberbaum: As a general statement, we think there was a significant amount taken out in the fourth quarter and the third quarter. And we believe in most markets, they should be close to the bottom. There's some where the costs and prices and supply was a little tighter and longer. So there may be some in a few regional markets. But for the most case, we are assuming they're close to the bottom at this point, but we'll know after this quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: So in the fourth quarter, we made conscious decisions to decrease the inventories in some of the businesses, given our forward view of the commodity prices. And so we took them down even knowing that our customers were also taking them down, which also hurt our margins in the quarter. And some of the businesses in Europe, we made a choice not to take them down. At the time we were looking at it, and we didn't know whether there was going to be a spike in the energy costs and we actually left some of the inventories higher in anticipation of higher costs in the first quarter, which we are going to reverse out in the first quarter now that didn't -- it didn't happen like we thought. So we actually -- if we knew what would happen, we probably would have taken those down sooner as if. So we are making those decisions on a constant basis based on our future view of the dynamics of the business. I forgot the other part of your question.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yes, to your question, it's really a question of timing. At this point, we see we're towards the front end of it. I mean it started with the housing slowing down in the third quarter. So we're seeing at the front end so we would be doing all that later in the year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The two ones that will feel at the most, as we said before, will be Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World as their costs better aligned with the pieces as you go through and then the Ceramic business has held up better because of the different mix it has. So it won't have the same change in the other as the other two. So we think those two will be much more than the other ones for those reasons.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let's see. We just -- we're in the midst of concluding two ceramic acquisitions. We talked about in Brazil and Mexico. We think those are really good ones for us because we have positions in both marketplaces, and it will put us in either the first or second position in each marketplace. They are huge ceramic markets and the combination of the two businesses will enable us to have a complete offering from top to bottom in both marketplaces and the companies tend to be in different -- focus on different areas of the business. In both markets, we tend to be a little higher in the product offerings. And so they fill in the lower parts of the market for us to help us get the biggest opportunities out of them. So we see both of them really helping us once we get the two businesses put together. Other than that, usually, in this environment, you don't do a lot of acquisitions when people's margins are low. Unless they're in real trouble, they tend not to want to sell given both their margins and the market multiple. So I wouldn't assume that we're going to do much until you get to the other side where you're coming out and the multiples go up and the margin starts expanding.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You start with the ABI Index, which I'm sure we're all watching, it's been under 50 for several months. So it looks like there's less projects going to be -- most of those projects tend to have at least a time before we get to them, a minimum of a year and some up to three years. So it takes a while for the projects that come through to know what's going on. Some categories in Commercial are performing better than others, like hotels didn't invest during the whole time. There's still investments in hotels going on to update them and keep them and it's performing the best. So -- and it all depends on the economy. But again, it's got a long tail to it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First is that the comment was around our European Ceramic business, not all our businesses. And so in European Ceramic, the cost of gas prior to this was about 15% of the manufacturing cost. It peaked somewhere over 40%. And what we've said was going into this thing that we have not hedged gas prices historically. It has given us an advantage by not doing it. But as you went through these things as gas prices went up by 8 times to 10 times over there, we're competing against people that had hedged it at much lower prices. The comments were around this year as the gas prices have dropped substantially that we believe by the fall flowing through inventory, we should be on a competitive level with those companies that had hedged before this whole thing started.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We think their average hedging price will be similar because we're assuming that they hedged more during -- if you have a hedging policy that we're assuming that their average hedge prices will be similar to where our purchase prices will be.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think it's a few different pieces. One is you're comparing to the fourth quarter, the prior year where we had really significant pent -up demand that the inventories were low, all the plants were running as much as we could get labor and material to run and you're comparing that now to an environment and our customers' inventories were low, and they were actually trying to build their inventories, which continued into the first half of the year. So you're comparing that to an environment where the opposite is occurring. Our customers are lowering inventories, the environment is slower. And so that's exacerbating the decrease, but it is still losing share to hard surface as it has been.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We act differently based on the capacity utilization. So in a slow marketplace, you have excess capacity and you can react to it so you don't have to anticipate it more. Earlier in the call, we talked about in some period -- we usually build inventory in the first quarter to cover the peaks in the rest of the year, which would be a typical year. So this year, we're not acting the same way because of the capacity availability that we have.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I think that the -- on the capacity side, what we've done is we've reduced some of the carpet less -efficient plants. We're aligning the rug business with lower volumes in it. And we said we were taking out the -- some capacity and flexible in Europe. So those are the decreases in the business. The increases are in the main growth categories, which we've been telling you about, and I can repeat them again or I think you have them already.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I don't think that we're anticipating Q1 being significantly better. We are trying to tighter manage our inventories given that our future view is weaker and that we don't want to build inventory. We think that the commodity prices and energy prices will stay low. So we're not trying to build the inventories in the first quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Some of you don't keep up with Europe, there were people that their energy costs were more than their mortgages. I mean, it's a huge drag on the economy.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We've been supporting the Commercial business with both products and capacity to satisfy the demand that we think we have, and we haven't been restricting it. Typically, in these cycles, though, as we talked about Commercial is the last thing to fall off, this is really an unusual cycle because you -- typically all categories are in lower shape. In this thing, you have the hospitality that's doing really well at the moment where other categories are doing really poorly, the airline business is doing really well. We provide airline carpets. I mean, this is a really unusual environment that we haven't seen in prior cycles. We're going to have to see how the whole thing works out, but we continue to invest in the Commercial business. We have strong relationships. We have a broad product offering, and we'll continue to do so.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining us. We are in a strong position to manage through this period. It's going to be slower for the near term, and we're continuing to invest to optimize the long -term results, and we think we're in a very good position to improve our business as we come out. Thank you very much.
James Brunk: And Phil, from a year-over-year perspective, we would expect that you still have the higher cost inventory layers that are going to come off in the first quarter. And with that renewed pressure on price and mix, I would expect the gap between price/mix and inflation to be greater in the first quarter than the fourth quarter, and that was included in our guidance.
James Brunk: On a year-over-year basis, when we get outside the first quarter, it should become more of a positive. Again, what you have is when you're running the facilities, even if it's not a complete shutdown, if you're running slower, you do have inefficiencies both in labor and material that are going to come through the productivity line.
James Brunk: Just to remind you, this cycle is a little bit different. It's not typical like other cycles. The employment remains strong with wages increasing. Housing remains in short supply and low mortgages will kind of limit people moving as much, aging homes, higher home values should support future remodeling and strengthen the rebound or the pent-up demand. Commercial projects continue to be initiated, that's holding at this point. And inflation is slowing and interest rates may actually be near peak.
James Brunk: You are going to -- Eric, and we're seeing it right now, you're going to see some trade down. Again, it depends if you're looking sequentially versus year -over-year. But in the first quarter year -over-year, you do have some still favorable price /mix from all the pricing that was initiated in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of last year. And then you are going to get to a point where you start overlapping the initiatives from 2022. The point is, and especially in the first quarter with the lower volumes and until that starts to pick up, you're going to continue to see pricing pressure in the marketplace.
James Brunk: So the other part, Stephen, in terms of our view of kind of our inventory plan for 2023, presently, we would expect the year to be kind of at year-end to be slightly below where we ended in 2022. Obviously, it really depends upon the demand conditions as we go through second quarter and the second half of the year and the pace of inflation.
James Brunk: I mean the goal is to try to keep the inventory levels and production very close to demand. So that was the principle -- one of the principles behind not building the inventory as we normally do in Q1.
James Brunk: Well, I'd say it's a combination, really. And so you have seasonally higher demand, so that's going to help me on the volume. My production increases. So then my plants just by the nature of it are going to run better. So I don't have that unabsorbed expenses shutdowns. And then the last one would be the cost kind of align. So inflation is not as impactful is the hope as you go through Q2.
James Brunk: So a couple of things to note there. In the second half of the year, we generated a little over $165 million coming into 2022, obviously, we're behind on inventory, so we had to kind of build up inventory. So for 2023, our visibility is limited. We do expect cash flow to improve, but it's worthy to note that we're investing in growth categories and acquisitions to try to improve the long -term results.
James Brunk: Well, the growth investments, I would say, are between $200 million and $250 million, depending on timing. Most of that would be in the Flooring area. Maintenance CapEx approximately is $250 million. And then the balance is on cost reductions, product innovation and acquisitions.
James Brunk: So I would say Flooring North America, given the market conditions and such remains slow and they -- we do anticipate more pressure on pricing and mix with the higher cost inventory still being used. Production levels will still be low and labor inflation will increase. But given this, I still expect margins in Q1 should be slightly better and then strengthened in Q2 when the costs align and volume seasonally increases.
James Brunk: Matt, sequentially, when you think about it, so the two benefits that you have sequentially is the lower cost Q4 to Q1 and then less shutdowns Q4 to Q1. And so those are being offset partially with -- as we talked about, the price/mix, which is kind of all kind of leading you back to relatively flat quarter-to-quarter performance.
James Brunk: It depends if you're looking year -over-year or sequentially. So sequentially, we would expect the volume to improve generically across the business from a sales volume perspective, but certainly, year -over-year, it's going to be under pressure.
James Brunk: Yes. Year-over-year going to be significantly below because remember, this time last year, we were still in a very hot market.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. I'll comment on that. So specifically related to imports, the import prices have been declining, but also our production cost in the U.S. has been declining. As you look at the competitive situation, we have a broad offering for both Residential and Commercial. We participate in all price points of rigid and flexible LVT. Imports are declining and the U.S. material and energy costs are also falling. Our local costs are higher than imports, but we get a premium for better service versus supply chains that can be three months or longer. We're improving our production and adding features like WetProtect that protects subfloors and antimicrobial to differentiate. And then lastly, our West Coast plant will -- cost will continue to fall as that plant comes up. Operator Our next question comes from Truman Patterson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Wellborn: Well, let's talk about the cost first. So as the -- as we get in the back half of the year, our costs should be more in line with our competitors. We should be pretty much equal.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. European and then there will be -- we do think there's going to be volume pressure in the market. But as those energy costs continue to come down and wages go up, we think demand could be higher in Europe going forward. So it just depends on how that works out.
Chris Wellborn: We're also -- Stephen, I know in LVT and Ceramic like in Ceramic, we've got new collections with larger sizes and specialized shapes, all that are helping the mix. And we're also doing some of that in LVT as well. So we are doing things to take advantage of a higher mix.
Chris Wellborn: I think where they are hedged will be more like what the market will be, is the way to look at that.
Chris Wellborn: Yes. Let's -- just to isolate that one question, so in Europe, we're replacing our residential flexible with rigid. We'll continue to produce flexible for the commercial market, and then in the U.S., you won't have that because we have a much larger commercial presence where we use our flexible LVT.
Chris Wellborn: I'll give you sort of an overview. Our business is under pressure there with slow demand, customer inventory reductions and inflation. Our results in the quarter were impacted by energy prices from the third quarter and temporary shutdowns. The market is still being supported with energy subsidies. And we still are, at least in the first part of the year, disadvantaged because of the hedging. I think as that -- as you go through the year, what we would hope to happen is that energy costs come down, that the consumer will be able to have a better situation with wages going up and energy costs going down. But I still think it will be a competitive situation in Italy for the short term.
