James Brunk: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Mohawk Industries quarterly investor conference call. Joining me on today’s call are Jeff Lorberbaum, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Chris Wellborn, President and Chief Operating Officer. Today, we will update you on the company’s third quarter performance and provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2023. I’d like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. For a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts, please refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investors section of our website. I will now turn the call over to Jeff for his opening remarks.
James Brunk: Thank you, Matt. Yeah. Let me frame that. So the cost started gradually falling in late 2022 and it takes usually three months to six months to flow through our P&L. In Q3 and I will provide some numbers here that will also be in our 10-Q, lower costs led by material and energy totaled $112 million, offsetting the weaker price mix of $106 million. Now sequentially, cost declined $65 million, exceeding the lower price mix of $29 million. In the fourth quarter, we would anticipate lower costs should continue to flow through the P&L.
James Brunk: Well, in the quarter, the lower material and energy offset price mix in Flooring North America and Flooring Rest of the World. As Global Ceramics still has some higher cost material that is flowing through, it should kind of complete hitting the P&L in the third quarter.
James Brunk: No. If you look at the fourth quarter, we still have elevated interest rates and inflation, we anticipate constrained discretionary spending with postponed remodeling and home purchases. Remember, obviously, it’s seasonally slows due to the holidays. Margins are expected to be higher than last year with greater pricing pressure and increased shutdowns. We do anticipate lower input costs, as I noted, and we should be continuing to implement productivity and cost reductions, and don’t forget, foreign exchange, we anticipate will continue to be a headwind in the quarter.
James Brunk: It’s really timing. As we end the quarter, in terms of 2023 -- between 2023 and 2024, our focus continues to be investing and optimizing the future of the business with the growth investments that we have talked about really making up $200 million to $250 million. Of that maintenance CapEx would be another $250 million and then the balance of that budget for the year are on cost reductions, product innovation and acquisitions.
James Brunk: And remember, as these are not purchases that are canceled. These are deferred. So, if you see a pent-up demand and with the aging stock of housing, and as Jeff said in prepared remarks, the building just being behind, the need for housing, we feel like we are in a great position over that mid to longer term.
James Brunk: … on your regional question is, well, the restructuring actions that we are taking, part of that is to lower -- permanently lower our cost structure which then does help us in good times and bad.
James Brunk: Well, again, from a total material and energy costs, in the fourth quarter versus the prior year, we should continue to see the positive impact of the flow through to the P&L offsetting the lower price mix. That’s from a year-over-year perspective.
James Brunk: Yeah. So sequentially, that gap that you are talking about, if you look back over time, from 2018 forward, you got mid-20% difference from Q3 to Q4. It’s a little bit more this year and in our implied in our guidance. And I’d say the additional shutdowns and the foreign exchange certainly are two headwinds that maybe a little bit unusual than prior years.
James Brunk: Well, the answer is no to that. But in Russia, we are all following -- we are following all the sanctions, we are adjusting our strategies to be -- to adjust to these more difficult market conditions. We are also leveraging our leading styling and distribution to maximize our sales in that market.
James Brunk: What we are quoting there is there’s numerous people that have come out and said that, you see some strengthening in the back half of the year. But again, you can get an argument going the other way as well. So it’s really one scenario, Eric.
James Brunk: It really starts. Yeah. Eric, it really starts with the volatility on the macro side. The higher interest rates, inflation, deterioration in the market conditions negatively impacted our business, which reduced our market capitalization. Then you go through an internal review of the stock price compared to that, it triggered the goodwill impairment that was required. Remember, that’s a non-cash charge in the quarter and it’s across all the segments. There will be more detail for you to see in the 10-Q that’s filed after the call.
James Brunk: Yeah. Rafe, we don’t have that. We don’t usually break that out. We kind of include it in the new construction number that Jeff quoted.
James Brunk: As we said earlier, we see an expanding presence in U.S. Ceramic and new construction, and the commercial channels, and also in Flooring North America as well, our relationship with the builders is stronger.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. In the third quarter, our net sales were $2.8 billion, down approximately 5.2% as reported or 8.1% on a constant and legacy basis, in line with our expectations as our industry faced continued pressures across all regions primarily due to constrained residential investments and tightening of consumer discretionary spending. Our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $2.72 with our margins across the business benefiting from cost reductions, productivity initiatives and lower input costs. Our third quarter performance was seasonally impacted by vacations in Europe, which reduced our sales and earnings versus the prior quarter. Our lower material and energy costs offsets the decline in both price and mix. We also faced FX headwinds of approximately $20 million on operating income or $0.25 on EPS. We are managing our working capital and generated strong free cash flow of $385 million in the quarter and $660 million on a year-to-date basis. During the quarter, central banks around the world continued to raise interest rates to slow down their economies and reduce inflation. Their actions are affecting new construction and remodeling in both residential and commercial channels, postponing spending on new projects. In the U.S., mortgage rates have climbed to their highest level in more than two decades, which has suppressed the housing market and limited home renovation activity. In Europe, consumers are deferring large purchases such as flooring as a result of higher energy costs, inflation and uncertainty due to the war in Ukraine. Our industry faces a greater impact from these pressures than other sectors, given that most flooring purchases are deferrable. With the high fixed costs required to produce flooring, competition increases as the industry slows and participants attempt to increase their sales to maximize absorption. As a result, our average selling prices and mix have declined, with the impact partially offset by lower material and energy costs, restructuring benefits and process improvements. Expected housing sector recovery continues to be postponed and we are managing the business to optimize our results and cash flow until it occurs. We are taking actions to increase our volumes, while managing margins and operating expenses. We have launched differentiated collections, selectively introduced promotions and expanded our participation in the new construction channel. To further enhance our competitive position, we will shut down older ceramic production in Italy and we are converting U.S. rigid LVT production to a direct extrusion process. These restructuring initiatives will result in a non-recurring charge of approximately $55 million of which $50 million is non-cash. When completed, these initiatives should improve our profitability by $30 million annually by enhancing our productivity, lowering our manufacturing costs and optimizing our production flexibility. Our European expansions in insulation and porcelain slabs are currently in operation. Our U.S. premium laminate and LVT projects are continuing to start up. Expanded production in European laminate and U.S. quartz countertops should begin in the second half of 2024. As the integration of our acquisitions in Mexico and Brazil proceeds, we have consolidated the general management, sales and administrative functions while enhancing the company’s product offering, operational efficiencies and customer base. While the Mexican and Brazilian markets are experiencing reduced demand and margins, we anticipate gaining additional benefits from our acquisitions as these markets recover. In September, we released our 14th Annual Sustainability Report and for the first time we provided Scope 3 emissions. Institutional Shareholder Services is right Mohawk is one of the top companies for environmental quality in the durable goods and apparels category. We have significantly exceeded our 25 goals related to decarbonization, waste reduction and water conservation. We are lowering our carbon footprint by using more recycled content, increasing our green energy production and expanding our product circularity. We recently received the Susan G. Komen Promise Award for our two decades of partnership in the fight against breast cancer. We have also formalized a Board of Directors selection policy as part of our ongoing commitment to diversity. To learn more, you can read the report online at mohawksustainability.com. I will turn the call over to Jim for a review of our third quarter financial performance.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. In the present industry downturn, we are managing the controllable aspects of our business while adjusting to regional market conditions. In all of our geographies, elevated interest rates and persistent inflation are restricting consumer discretionary spending, resulting in postponed remodeling projects and new home purchases. Similar pressures are beginning to reduce commercial investments as business sentiment declines. Competition for sales to utilize plant capacity is increasing in all of our markets and lower input costs should offset the impact. With enhanced products and merchandising, selective promotions and expanded participation in the best performing sales channels, we are maximizing our volumes while managing our margins and operating expenses. Across the enterprise we are implementing productivity cost reductions and restructuring initiatives to lower our expenses and improve our results. We continue to manage our working capital management to optimize our cash flow. We expect foreign exchange rates to continue to be an earnings headwind. Given these factors, we anticipate our fourth quarter adjusted EPS to be between $1.80 and $1.90, excluding any non-recurring charges. With this, our full year 2023 adjusted EPS should exceed $9. Historically, the flooring industry undergoes greater cyclical peaks and troughs than other building products due to its postponable nature. Our business fundamentals remain strong and we will benefit from significant pent-up demand when the industry rebounds. Given the aging U.S. housing stock, more than 80% of homeowners who responded to recent JPMorgan surveys indicated they are planning renovation projects in the near-term. In addition, after years of construction trailing demand, substantial new homebuilding will be required for many years to come. Commercial activity will expand as the economic outlook improves. As the world’s largest flooring provider, Mohawk is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. We will now be glad to answer your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the -- you are correct that the cost for gas has come down a lot, but in Europe, the business continues to face pressure with declining retail traffic and new construction. We are responding to conditions with promotions and we also have premium slabs continue to grow and we are optimizing our new slab line. We are also initiating restructuring actions to eliminate older assets and improve our cost and utilization. And then we will just have to see how the gas levels out, it’s definitely a lot lower than last year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The higher volumes in the quarter deleverage the margins as we pick up later, sorry, that’s not this quarter. In the quarter, you have got it right, I am sorry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: We look forward at it or the flooring industry has actually been in a downturn since mid-2022. We believe that we are going to see an improvement in the middle of the year as inflation moderates and financing improves. When these occur we think consumer confidence will improve and the industry has started to get better. So we see the first half basically as a continuation of where we are with improvement as we go through the year and then depending upon how strong when it occurs, we will determine what the volume is versus this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: At the moment, there’s still a lot of economic uncertainty in the world. The financing conditions are still difficult, there’s regional conflicts that can affect everything. So we believe that at the moment having excess capacity is preferred. But we are continuing to review it and would consider buying stock as our visibility improves from where it is today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let’s say, as we look through it, higher volumes as we go and the business improves, we will leverage the SG&A overhead and the productivity will all improve. We expect improvements in the average selling prices as margins expand. Customers start trading up and buying better product will also see benefits from the restructuring and take-outs that will come through when all that occurs. And then in addition, we have multiple acquisitions we have done recently. Those have also been compressed. Those will also -- the volume will come up and we expect them to significantly help our performance. And finally, the investments in the growth areas will add to our sales ability as we come out of this. So as we think through the whole thing, we see the margins expanding significantly as the business improves.
Jeff Lorberbaum: If you look at Latin America, in this cycle, they actually raised rates more aggressively than the rest of the world and further. So we are actually starting to see them starting to lower rates and we think there could be significant rate decreases in Mexico and Brazil even this year. So those things -- they might come out of this earlier than others. Business in Australia has held up better for us. There is a less competitive environment in the marketplace and we have been able to hold on to margins a little better. Europe is really difficult to know what’s going to happen. The consumer confidence remains low and it’s going to take something to help it move. And different than the United States and Europe, the average worker got much higher increases. So they covered more than inflation and we do. So it’s really a confidence issue in Europe.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Well, the cyclicality is based on the -- they are really two things, one is, how sensitive we are to interest rates, and then the other part is, these high capital fixed cost that the industry, including our company, our competitors and we tend to move up and down trying to minimize these things. I think if you are going to stay in the industry it’s part of it as if. Now we are getting into other things like the insulation business that we are in Europe. It doesn’t have as much -- the fixed costs are much less for instance and the margins hold up better in it. So we are in different business and different categories that react differently today.
Jeff Lorberbaum: For the first two years or three years after this thing is over, the pent-up demand for houses -- for housing, for improvements and remodeling that hasn’t been done, we don’t lose it, it just comes back later.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let’s start with the first part. The inventory levels are based on two things, one is what the market is and other is in our ability to respond. Given the low volume rates we are at presently, we have a significant upside in capacity to react to it and so we probably won’t build much inventory until we see it coming and then we think we have the ability to utilize the capacity that we already have to solve it to satisfy it as it goes up. On the other side, the different regions. I think that is possible, Latin-America will come out of this first and then Europe is a little hard to know. I would guess Europe may trail, the U.S. If I had to pick Latin-America may come out of it earlier, U.S. in the middle and maybe Europe a little later, would be my present guests, but we will have to see how it evolves.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Let’s see if we can answer it in few different ways. One is, we think that the material costs have probably bottomed at this point, as well as there’s a good chance maybe the pricing is also maybe bottomed, but we will have to see. As the oil and energy prices go up, is that -- the basic cost of it, but also supply and demand. So I am not sure how it’s going to actually flow through given the low demand of the industry and categories using the different chemicals, it may take a little longer for it to flow through this time than normal. Usually, as we come out of the recession, what happens is, the demand goes up and then the chemicals have to recover their margins as it goes through and when that occurs we have to pass through the increase in costs as it goes -- as it happens.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The pricing has declined substantially to import prices with both lower freight, as well as lower material costs. Our U.S. manufacturing costs are also coming down with it. We still have other things going on like service disruptions from China, given the U.S. in different pieces and so next year our margins should expand and we expect the profitability of the business to improve.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The combination of both, as you would suspect, the lower cost we are getting through with the imports that we do. We are also getting lower cost here is the material costs fall, energy prices here fall also. On the other hand, competition is increased with the lower volumes and pricing’s come down.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Most of the markets, as a matter of fact, all the markets we are in, the pricing has declined. You have a combination of the cost of the material is coming down, the energy price is coming down and there is unabsorbed overhead that we have talked about the industry. So the pricing has come down. The question is, is it at the bottom today and/or will it go down or not. We think it may be at the bottom as we speak, and as things improve going forward, we think that there will be pressure must-see once the industry improves to increase the material prices from our supply base and we will react to that when it occurs, but that’s usually after the industry does. At the same time, you have the world events with oil and gas and how that affects everything, that one is anybody’s guess, we just have to react to it.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The industry has changed some of the terms within it. Depending upon where you are, it has helped the margins a little bit. We are staying aligned with our customers in many cases and we have -- we didn’t try to push through an increase like some of the other guys did. So we are trying to use it to improve our position within the customers.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Commercial business is holding up better than the residential business. We are seeing softening in the marketplace in different categories. The ABI Index which predicts the new parts coming online is showing declines. So as in other recessions, typically a year-to-year and a half later, the commercial start softening as the commercial projects finish up. So we are starting to see that. On the other hand, in commercial you have a much more differentiated product offering. So the pricing is more resilient than it is in the residential business and different categories, government, senior care, hospitality, restaurants are all doing better and we are emphasizing our participation in those.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The global footprint allows us to participate in the same categories across the world. It allows us to leverage the knowledge of what we can do with product innovation, styling design, distribution concepts in order to optimize the businesses. In the businesses that we have such as ceramic, we used the technology -- we have different businesses that are in high, medium and low, the high ones lead it and then it flows down through to the other ones to help us increase our mix and distribution in the business. In different businesses we get into, we can help, if they are strong in residential, we can help them show to how to maximize their commercial business. We have other categories that we get benefits out of just the processes, running warehouses and distribution, information systems. So there’s a lot of synergies that you can do to help the acquired businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: You covered a lot of ground. Let’s see if I can -- most of it. Starting out with the elevated interest rates and inflation are constraining the spending and it’s postponing the remodeling and home purchases. Our assumptions are that it’s more difficult in the period. You are also in the time where the seasonality. So there’s more holidays. Given the control of the inventories and lack of need for manufacturing ahead, there’s more shutdowns being planned in the period. We are assuming increasing pressure in commercial in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. The margins on a year-over-year are higher than they were, but we think there’s still going to be this greater pressure and less covering the absorbed overheads as we control the inventories and working capital. We are implementing productivity and cost reductions, and then we expect the foreign exchange, our present assumptions are that it’s a similar headwind with what was happening in the third quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Another also differences, in normal years, we would normally fully inventory down in the end of the third quarter, the start of the fourth quarter and then be building back as we come out of the quarter. So we are not doing -- that didn’t happen this year.
Jeff Lorberbaum: First, before we get into the new M&A, we have the two recent acquisitions we have done in Brazil and Mexico which we are integrating and taking costs out. We have three or four bolt-on acquisitions that are also being put together with the business. All of those should give us significant upside as we come up and the volumes go up in the businesses. As we come out of this in the future, you are correct that the value of the business today allows to purchase a stock and give significant opportunity which will -- which we consider as soon as we make sure there’s not another worldwide problem that’s about to occur with all that events going on as we go through and then we will have to see what that looks like versus other alternatives that arise.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The only businesses that tend to sell in this environment are ones that are seriously distressed and don’t have any options as if these valuations, most companies don’t do many -- don’t try to sell their businesses.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Remember, that’s -- Russia is less than -- all the Russian businesses together are less than 5% of our business.
Jeff Lorberbaum: I guess that -- we don’t have a crystal ball any more than you do. We are making the assumption that the present circumstances continue, we believe we have line of sight into the first quarter. After that, given the dynamics that’s going on in the world that anything could happen.
Jeff Lorberbaum: In ceramic one, probably, about 50% -- in excess of 50% is imported. So there is some of the foreign companies are opening some capacity here, which he is talking about. LVT would be similar to the same situation where there’s some of the ones have opened up capacity here, trying to find ways to optimize their service levels from where they are. And then some of the other product categories, there have been some capacities taken out of the industry.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Not sure I have those numbers in front of me. The new construction, homebuilding, I think, it’s around 20%, 25% of our business. I don’t have the number in front of me, the multifamily piece.
Jeff Lorberbaum: It’s either in the new construction number or it’s in the remodeling number as it gets replaced as we go forward.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Multifamily typically is lower. They typically use lower quality products than the single-family home construction. On the other hand, the multifamily gets replaced much more frequently, typically after they change over tenants in it. It depends on where they are and what it could be replaced every few years where the home newbuilding could be a seven-year to 10-year cycle. So there’s a big difference in replacement cycles, as well as the quality of products going into each.
Jeff Lorberbaum: The other thing you mentioned the multifamily, the new starts are coming but the typical multifamily takes minimum of a year and a half and could be two and a half years to finish. There is a huge number of projects that are coming through that haven’t been finished yet and our product category is last one to go in.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Yeah. We are managing the controllable costs that we have been discussing, we continue to react to changing market conditions which are volatile, we see significant upside when the market returns and we think we are well positioning ourselves for that to occur. We appreciate you joining us. Have a great day.
Chris Wellborn: Yeah. Keith, our Georgia rigid production is presently being converted to direct extrusion to lower our costs. We are also installing new technology in both plants that will provide unique styling and features and these changes will give us more flexibility to ship the products from both the east and west plants and we will have savings of more than $20 million annually when it’s executed.
Chris Wellborn: Well, we are changing from a heated press technology to an extrusion process and this allows for a lower cost formulation and it’s just currently in the startup phase. We should be substantially operational in Q1.
Chris Wellborn: Let me see. We -- first of all, we think the new products that we are coming out with in the LVT are going, especially the high-end, we are going to be definitely competitive with imports.
Chris Wellborn: And we also introduced a new resilient polymer core that’s environmentally-friendly with superior scratch resistant, that’s doing really well.
Chris Wellborn: Well, just to comment, in ceramic there have been a couple that have added new plants, but in generally, the capacity that’s in the United States is slightly underutilized, I would say, in ceramic.
