Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Good morning, and welcome to the Mohawk third quarter earnings call. With me, I have Frank Boykin, our CFO. Would you please give the Safe Harbor Statement.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What happened was that we have products that were dropped before the new product introductions went in leaving a void. We have commitments in the channel for new products. It will go in between the fourth and first quarters, so we're confident that we'll be back where we want to be next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, the Pergo products in the home center channel are in a branded category. They're separate from the rest. We see there's opportunity to do it. Again, though, the market share will go up so it could limit the long-term growth potential because we can't take it from Pergo anymore.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that what we've started with, the beginning of the year with what we called silk. We have changed the premium part of the market place. What's going on at retail is that softness is becoming the rationale for buying higher valued products. And my expectations would be that by a year or so from now, a majority of the premium products the marketplace will have that. By us leading with silk with higher -- it has more features to help the customer and we've come back with Embrace, which we're going to retail at a price point slightly under it with less features, we think that we're positioned to maximize our part of the marketplace. And in both cases, we believe we have -- we're leading the entrance of the products, which is a good place to be. The market is still going to change rapidly.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the number off the top of my head. We have estimates. I mean, we believe is the whole high end part of the market, I don't remember the numbers off the top of my head with all the different product categories we have. But I mean, our expectations are that the entire premium marketplace will end up there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think most of the pricing, there was pricing in it, but most of the pricing was to cover material inflation is it. So the majority of the improvement in margin came from productivity increases, mix changes in the marketplace, improvements in operations.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our goal is to keep raising the margins going forward and to keep improving it. We're not satisfied the margins in the segment. We think that through mix and continued productivity, we can keep improving it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't break it down to that detail level but it did impact the business and we expect to be back in line or better with the industry. We think that all of things that we're doing in the high-end part of marketplace, in pushing products there -- across the business, we think, we've improved the execution of our sales force and we think the business and the economy is going to help us a little bit. I think we're well positioned.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let me start with the inventory thing. The inventory, what happened is we go into the period and we estimate the sales and that we align the production to meet the sales of that period. And what happened is what we estimated Salamanca to produce, we were able to achieve it coming up faster so we've made some adjustments in the inventory to make up for those. And so there were some shut down costs related to that. Frank, give them some numbers.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, listen, we have so many different product categories in markets. I don't remember all the numbers. If you'll call Frank, he'll get you an estimate of the percentage of the business. But we believe that the long-term piece is that these will become fundamental parts of the marketplace, that silk will be the premium end and that the Embrace products will be here. We're leading the market, we're getting to market faster than the rest so we think we'll be able to improve our positions. Over time, the industry is going to move there as fast as it can and then the softness that's been going over the last 3 or 4 years, getting softer and softer, so this is the next step in it. We think the industry will try to catch up with other alternatives over the next year. We think it's sustainable. There will be more competition in the marketplace a year from now than there is today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Constraints, we don't see any constraints on raw materials. We continue to add extrusion capacity in to support the business. During the downturn, significant parts of the industry changed raw material types which it used for the excess capacity the industry had and we had in [indiscernible], as well as well in polypropylene. There is limited excess capacity in the industry going forward because we obsoleted it so much of it during the downturn. And due to consumer preferences changing, the valuations of different products.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: This year, you're not seeing all the activity that actually happen. The inflation in our SG&A, which occurs from -- on downtown, we have 200-and-something warehouses that typically go up, a few presenting all the personnel pieces. We have absorbed those and then we increased significantly the amount of new product introductions at all our different divisions. And so we took the cost down and supplemented them with what we believe are investments in new areas which are going to help the long term.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Pergo business has been -- the trend lines that are less than positive, they've been taking actions to improve the profitability of the business and change the mix of the products. So they have improved some of the margins over the time, they're still not where they need to be. In Western Europe, if you just segment out our historical business and take out all the new actions, I would guess that Western Europe is probably down about 10%, if you take it on an apples-to-apples basis in the different product categories and pieces in all the positive initiatives out of it, we don't see any trends that are going to change it tomorrow.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you assume that they're about $750,000 this year, that's about a 15% increase in that category, it makes up about 20% of the Mohawk business, maybe a little less now, I don't know. Could be less than that now with where it went to. So there's growth in it. The big opportunity is in consumer confidence, and housing prices reaching a point where people start remodeling the pieces in addition to that. The remodeling side really hasn't done what we had anticipated. We still believe that people want to live in nice places and as they get more confident about the prices of home stabilizing, we expect improvement in the remodeling piece, too.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What's happening in this time also is the Dal-Tile segment has a much higher portion in new construction. And so the positive move of it impact the Dal-Tile segment much more than the carpet segment and I think 40% of their residential business, I believe, is in construction.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, part of it as we just talked about, they have a larger part of the new construction business. The new construction business is up about the same 15% we're talking about next year. We have a broad product offering, a differentiated product line. We have the distribution strength in the marketplace that combined with -- we have the technology and design over the last few years has moved to new digital printing that we lead the industry in what we call Reveal technology in style and design technology taking benefit of those things. And so the combination of all those things are improving our U.S. business. The Mexican business is growing rapidly but from a small base. So it can't impact the business as much.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The wood business is highly impacted by the new construction business. A lot of the things we're talking about new construction, remember that the flooring is one of the last things to go in new home constructions. So what happened through the year in starts, we put in, in the last month of the building process. So it's still flowing in. We think that wood segment will be positively impacted by it because they're so -- such a -- wood has the highest percentage in new home construction than any of the other product categories. There is some of changes -- the raw material side of the wood business as it picks up, a huge part of the infrastructure to cut the trees down and cut them up was taken out during this downturn. So as its picked up, there's pressure on pricing. And so the solid wood side, which has the most -- the largest use of the wood per square-foot there's pressure on it, which is why we've announced a price increase to cover the prices in it as we go forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's pricing pressure in all marketplaces today with the industry still at lower levels, we're not past the pricing pressure, if anything. The builder side of it, given the pressure on the building prices, they're trying to buy more moderately priced products. In our business, we're trying to keep improving the cost structures of what we have. If we can get a little more volume through the place, we'll do quite well.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think we're a little early in the point. So far, the material costs haven't changed significantly. There are signs of potential cost pressures. But we're not sure what will happen at this point. Our raw materials are influenced by the chemical supply and demand, as well as oil prices and we're watching it. At this point, we haven't announced anything. Depending upon what happens, we'll adjust if necessary.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our primary focus on acquisitions are things within the categories that we know that we can get leverage from either knowledge, geography, the businesses, putting them together. On the other hand, in the right set of circumstances, we wouldn't rule out something else but the majority of our focus is leveraging the businesses we're in.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: As you would expect, the places we look at, primarily are the ones that are growing higher. So if you go around the world, you have Eastern Europe, you have Russia, China, Australia, Brazil and then India is a little difficult for people to figure out. But we would have interest under the right set of circumstances. It doesn't mean we won't look at other places either. I think Mexico is surprising, how it sort of separated itself from the U.S. and I think Mexico has a lot of potential in the future.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There may be a little confusion. In what we call our insulation piece, sometimes -- we have a roofing business, which are insulated roofing panels and that goes into new construction remodeling went down under pressure and it's mostly a regional business in the Benelux area. We then started about 3 years ago with a new business that we called -- with a product we called insulation boards. And those insulation boards are used to help meet European energy expectations. That industry is growing double digits and we basically started with no business and with similar technologies that we have and we built a nice niche business. The plant that we built has about $100 million worth of capacity in it. We expanded it to that. Lately, we're running it and so now we're looking for the next step, which is broadening. We have to put up more capacity. We have started building a site in France. We are presently selling into that area from where we are, and we expect it to be up and running the end of next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: EUR 1 billion. That's growing 10% or more. So we think there's a significant opportunity in it. At the other side, we're not the only competitor in it, there are other people are trying to grow at the same time.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We talk about it like it's one thing. But what happens is you have DIY, which is called home centers in the U.S. and there's DIY in Europe, which is smaller, more regional businesses, and we actually have different approaches in both continents. In the U.S., if you go back 2 or 3 years, we had, I think, probably close to 0 being sold as laminate through the home centers and the home center channel controls somewhere around 50% of that category of product. But we started building the business in it. The Pergo acquisition, which is good for us, is that their primary sales are through those channels and so it complements where we were going, just gets us there faster. In the European side of the business, we have a different approach where we are putting together -- we are adding to most of them a premium branded segment on top of it but we're doing it with limited distribution strategy so it fits us and them and gives them a differentiated feature and 2 different strategies, both of which have been working so far.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And then we've said before that the Western European businesses are down around 10%, give or take. And we don't know if it's bottomed out or it will keep going down and work more.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Good morning, everyone. Net sales for the quarter of $1.473 billion were 2% over last year or 4% on a constant-exchange-rate basis with both volume and price driving gross. Gross profit was $373 million or a margin of 25.3%. That's a 50 basis point improvement over last year, resulting from higher volume, productivity initiatives, pricing and mix. In addition, continuing product innovation, cost reduction and process improvements are driving better results. Our SG&A was $269 million or 18.2% of net sales. SG&A dollars were about flat with last year with our percent to net sales improving 30 basis points. Emphasis across all businesses on cost control and lean activities are positively impacting us. We had restructuring charges in the quarter of $4 million, of which $3 million were incurred in the Mohawk segment and the remaining $1 million in the Unilin segment. These were incurred to align the business with the current economic conditions. About half, $2 million of those restructuring charges were cash. Operating income, excluding charges, was $108 million or 7.3% of net sales. This represents a 15% growth in operating income dollars over last year. Interest expense was $18 million, down $7 million from last year. The improvement was due to second quarter payment we made this year of $336 million of the 7.2% bonds, as well as a rating agency upgrade that we improved early -- that we -- upgrade that was made earlier. Other expense improved from last year due to the negative impact of foreign exchange that we incurred last year. Our income tax rate was 20% this year, that compares to an 11% tax rate that we have last year. We're expecting our fourth quarter tax rate to be in the high-teens. Our earnings per share, excluding charges, was $1.04. This is up 25% over last year. We had this increase even with significant startup costs from capital projects that were installed during the year. For the full year, we're expecting start up cost of approximately $8 million. Jumping to the segments. The Mohawk segment sales were $752 million, about flat with last year. We had improving mix and increasing prices, which offset lower volumes. Operating income, excluding charges, was $47 million or a margin of 6.2%. This is 180 basis point improvement over last year, driven by higher productivity and better mix in pricing. In the Dal-Tile segment, sales were $418 million, a 9% improvement over last year or a 10% increase on a constant-exchange-rate basis. All categories across the business grew this quarter. Our U.S. residential, U.S. commercial and Mexican business were all up over last year. Operating income was $37 million, a margin of 9%. Improvement was from volume increases, which were slightly offset by startup costs and some plant volume adjustments. In the Unilin segment, our sales were $329 million, up 9% on a constant-exchange-rate basis. We were favorably impacted by North American volume, Russian growth and the Australian acquisition, all of this offsetting slower Western European sales. Operating income, excluding charges, was $30 million with a margin of 9.1%. Foreign exchange was a drag on operating profit of $4 million. We also experienced raw material headwinds and a lower mix during the quarter. Our Corporate segment had an operating loss of $6 million, which was expected. For the full year, we're anticipating about a $25 million loss. Moving to the balance sheet. Cash ended the quarter at $381 million. We continue to have strong cash flow this quarter with free cash flow of $156 million, improving our cash position and allowing us to continue to pay down debt. Receivables were $817 million, with a slightly higher DSO primarily from channel mix changes. Inventories ended the quarter at $1.1 billion, flat with last year, but with our days improving slightly. We're continuing to focus on improving our turns across all of the business. Fixed assets ended the quarter at a $1.657 billion. This included capital expenditures in the third quarter of $47 million. We're projecting full year capital expenditures of $200 million and we're estimating depreciation and amortization for the full year of $290 million. The Unilin amortization in the fourth quarter is expected to decline by $7 million and an additional $35 million next year as certain intangible assets become fully amortized. Long-term debt, including current portion was $1.525 billion. Our debt is down $86 million from last year. We continue to improve our leverage with our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7x. We anticipate using a portion of our bank availability and a portion of our European cash on hand to finance our Pergo acquisition. Jeff, I'll hand it back over to you.
Frank H. Boykin: The price was somewhere around 6x EBITDA, but they were depressed earnings level. We expect to improve their results with synergies that we expect to have across the whole businesses. The Pergo business is complementary to our business because we're both going after the mid- to high-end of the premium market of laminate, both in the U.S., as well as in Europe. The sales distribution is incremental to ours, a combination of the design and performance features that both businesses have, we expect to enhance our product portfolio. We see significant potential during the near-term to optimize the manufacturing, both in the U.S., as well as Europe. And then there's also additional opportunity to leverage some of their patents and our licensing knowledge, so we think it's good for the company long term.
Frank H. Boykin: We've just recently signed the documents and the agreement. We have meetings going on and it's going to be a while before we have details of all the changes. We have a long list of opportunities relating to the things that I talked about before. But some of it's got to do with the 2 brands and how we manage the brands in the marketplace. We think that there's going to be -- both companies are driven by innovation, and we think that both combined are stronger than they were before. The plants are very similar. We think that we have some knowledge that can help them and they help us. On the other hand, they have been starved for capital for a while and we see that as being helpful to both. We believe there's ways of optimizing the plant utilizations between both plants and use the plants to manufacture different brands. It also helps vertically integrate Pergo and we think there's opportunities to improve the administrative functions. We're not going to do all this on day one, though.
Frank H. Boykin: David, we still expect it to be slightly accretive in the first year. You're going to start to move through some of those synergies.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, the startup costs were about $2 million in the quarter. They won't be that large in the fourth quarter, but there will be a little bit more in the fourth quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: No, no. The inventory -- the impact of the -- of shutting down production to get inventories in line was above that.
Frank H. Boykin: On the SG&A, John, this year, as we've said, when we get to the end of the year, we expect the full year to be, in dollars, flat with where we were a year ago. Going into next year, depending on what you use as your estimate for sales, I mean, it's not going to go up at the same rate of sales. But it would be hard to keep it flat, if you assume some improvement in the top line next year. And we said though, as you know, we are laser focused on reducing SG&A. We got lean initiatives across the organization. We've got every function looking at the different activities and how they can improve the activities and reduce cost. So we'll continue to be focused on it but there probably would be some increases as we go into next year with sales going up.
Frank H. Boykin: And we think there's a good bit of pent-up demand on the remodeling side. If you look at the carpet industry, it's been down for 5 or 6 years and people just haven't been replacing carpets. As Jeff said, once the economy starts to show some improvement, consumers become more confident and start spending again, we should see a nice impact from that.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, on the D&A said, we're not prepared. We're still kind of going through that process of assigning the values in purchase accounting, so I'm not prepared to give you a number on that yet. And on the revenue side, think we said there about $320 million and they've had some headwinds here over the last 9 months or so. So it's probably going to be down at least initially a little bit from that.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, I mean, if you exclude the 2 pieces, those 2 pieces, the balance of the business would have been up by -- several percent higher than the average of the business.
Frank H. Boykin: North America is up. If you excluded those 2, trying to do the math here in my head, yes, the Unilin total, total Unilin business would be higher.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, the Australian acquisition, we're anniversary-ing this quarter so we won't see the same kind of benefit next quarter, next year as we had in the past for that. And the others, Russia continues to grow. We continue to take market share. Insulation continues to grow, so we should see continued help from both of those as we move forward, as well as DIY growth.
