Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. The U.S. economy should continue to improve, strengthening both the residential and commercial flooring markets. During the third quarter, we anticipate that U.S. sales and margins and all our product categories will improve over last year. In Mexico, we expect our sales and margin expansion to continue and our ceramic market is growing strongly. Our European business should continue to improve with the economy, as we benefit from our new ceramic manufacturing asset and other investments we've made. Even though Russia should be more difficult going forward, we expect to gain market share by expanding our position in all channels. In the third period, we will continue to absorb start-up cost related to our many investments, including two new LVT plants, a new ceramic plant, a major upgrade in equipment across the enterprise, our new acquisition of vinyl in the U.S. and Europe and ceramic in Eastern Europe and Western Mexico will improve our results and long-term value. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the third quarter earnings is $2.91 to $2.99 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Our third quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.24 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. Our business is benefiting from years of thoughtful investments in new equipment and acquisitions. In addition to being the world's largest flooring manufacturer, we have the most comprehensive product portfolio with the best brands and assets. Our management team is the strongest in history with well-developed strategies and the expertise to fully execute them. The foreign currency is creating headwinds, most of our markets are improving and we are growing on a local basis. We anticipate continued improvement of our performance through further new investments and carefully selected acquisitions. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Okay. Our U.S. wood sales and margins are growing. We're seeing growth in the engineered woods with new products improving our sales and mix. The market prices in the wood and carpet seem to be relatively stable at this point. Although, there are continued promotions, as well as competition in the commodity categories, as well as some mix decline in the various categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, the market in Russia is fractured. And we're the largest and we're somewhere in the mid-teens or a little more. So there's huge opportunities over there to grow the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So the acquisition results were slightly better than we expected. But our expectation, there is a lot moving parts when – at the time, we hadn't even closed the piece and knew what it was. So to give you a better view of the future, the acquisition earnings for the third quarter embedded in our guidance is about $0.20 a share to $0.25 a share to give you some basis to understand the future. With that, the organizations are really working well together. We're implementing best practices in-line to cross it. At the same time, we are absorbing start-up costs for the new LVT plant and new laminate manufacturing plant in the IVC acquisition. The IVC acquisition will not have the same synergies out of taking costs out. They were a highly efficient organization, so increasing the market share, broadening the business and selling more with it. We think the synergies, there are synergies, though, in leveraging the business relationships, the design capability, the transportation and distribution and then all the best practices across both businesses we'll learn from each other.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: No, I think that we'll see sales growth in all the categories. We've put a lot of effort into the carpet business to put out products and things that are improving. I think we're well positioned going into the fall with the pieces. So we think the rugs and hard surface categories are growing in the marketplace and we're growing our share within them. Offsetting that a little bit is the polyester products. The more we sell polyester relative to other products that swap them out, we and the industry end up with a lower revenue line because they sell at lower prices. So that's impacting both us and the industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: CapEx projects across the piece, some of them are in the expanding the capacities of the business like the new plant in the ceramic business or somewhere else. We also put in new capacity to manufacture more polyester product. So a portion of it's going to align the business with the revenues and the mix changes that are going in them. Then over the pieces, the projects range anywhere from typically two-year paybacks to five-year paybacks across the business, and they're all over. We think that we'll continue getting benefits from all these things over the next year. The large projects typically take x months to put them in plus get benefit. The ceramic business for instance, you start putting in a plant, it takes a year and half or so to put it up, it takes another year to ramp it up and get the benefits out of it on an existing business where we have the sales. You go into a new product category, like you do in LVT, not only do you have the same start-up pieces, you have to build the market and customer base to go along with it, so you start out with losses that last a while until you get the volume to go through it and then you start getting the benefit when you get it up to the appropriate level for each investment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think what's happening is the flooring industry is probably growing my estimate somewhere close to 4% this year is about the whole industry. However, we have larger participation in the carpet business and the laminate business, which are growing les Also, those categories don't have as much participation in the new home construction as the other ones do, so there's a channel mix going on as well. And then the laminate business had almost none in the commercial business. So there's a channel mix difference as well as a product mix difference going on.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, Laura, what we tried to do to stay out of this scenario here is to give you guys in the 8-K we filed restated prior quarters in the current format so that you can understand the business a little bit better. And we're not getting into that level of granularly in terms of different product categories within the new segments right now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just as a comment, the inputs include labor, they include materials, they include energy, they are offsetting up and down in all the different pieces.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It has increased significantly from where we started. At different points in time, we have the accounting that you have to do and where you apply it and what the costs are going to be and what the depreciation and things are going to be. So we now know what's it's going to be versus a few months ago we were guessing at what it was going to be. And then at the same time, I think that the businesses have done a little better than we anticipated, than we had expected in the various pieces.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Your question is are the revenues and the margins better, I guess with cash? And from what our original estimates were, I think probably a little better.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The reason we changed the segments was because we felt that with the product categories we could coordinate the sales groups better. They were different of the – there were – before in the segment, one segment will be making the product and then we have the sales group in another segment and coordinating those two together to optimize them, was not that easy to do. And so by putting them all together, we should be better coordinated in optimizing the assets better. In addition to which, when you have lines of responsibility driven, something gets fixed and so by putting together the things in distribution, the things in engineering staffs, the things in purchasing, they can overlap each other in distribution. So, we think there's opportunities in all of those – it's just a small part of a whole piece to make the whole place work better.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The ceramic is one of the faster growing categories in the market. The vinyl is growing fast, but it's starting from a relatively low base, you can't really compare the two. We think that will both continue as far as we can see at this moment. As we've stated before and continues consumers in residential are using carpet and less places as they like the looks of the hard surface categories, we participate in all those. So, that we believe it's going to grow less than the flooring industry in total, and from our business, we're aligning ourselves to be able to compete in various categories to have low costs to reduce our SG&A structures, which we're investing more in right now, to try to expand the business. I think we're well positioned as anybody in the industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The market is somewhere approaching a $1 billion. It's expected to grow at about 15% compounded rate in the U.S. to be more or less. There is new capacity coming in. So what we expect to happen is that the local producers will supply most of the growth, as well as reduce imported products into the marketplace. Within that, you're going to have different competitors with different strategies and different strengths going after different parts of the marketplace. And we see China losing share. So all that's going to be going on over the next, I don't know, two years or three years as the capacity comes in and changes. We think we're well positioned. We have the most knowledge in the category. We have a plant that's significantly larger and more backward integrated in the U.S. than others. And we have unique knowledge in – from our total businesses of creating style, design, and performance attributes that we think will give us advantages in the marketplace. So, I like where we are with it. In most new categories, as you go through the productivity increases and style and design increases and the same thing's going to happen here.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, that is a concern of some people. At the same time, you have the – we believe that we will be more focused on what the consumers want in this marketplace, to be able to bring the style and design that they expect. You take out the long lead times and working capital required to do it. The obsolescence costs and things, so we think we'd bring to the market competitive things and if you look at our products, I mean, in ceramic, almost, I don't know 50% of the market's imported. I mean, we well understand how to compete against imported products.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The big ones we're still implementing are we're replacing – we've just replaced a chunk of the ceramic assets. They're just getting in the second phase that we have. Those will pay benefits mostly next year. We have another phase that we're looking at that we have – are getting ready to put in in that one. We have closed plants in the board businesses, we're putting new assets in those as we speak. And then there's hundreds of projects below those as we go through. We have a saying in the business, congratulations you're half way there, and that's where we are.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The startup is progressing. We're in the midst of training employees and speeding up the piece. So the volume of the plant is going to be approaching $175 million to $200 million when it's running, when we're utilizing all of it in the U.S., so that's ramping up. It'll take, I don't know, through next year and probably into the next year is that to go through. It depends on various strategies and how we modify the imports that we're doing or not. In the European business you have, the Mohawk plant that's ramping up and they're helping ramp it up faster and reach higher capacities and we're going to put more investments in it, and then it'll take the same – it'll take at least a couple of years to get through it. The sales in that one is the smaller plant, will be probably about a $125 million over time and that one as we go through, and then we're going to be looking for other alternatives to invest in the business and grow it even faster in all categories and geographies.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But I don't want to mislead you. We are doing, what we have to do to grow the market share and we are so that EBIT in the quarter was up slightly, but the margin percent is going down as we do what we got to do to take market share and we're going to continue going down that path. Now at the same time, you heard we're considering adding new capacity. So as we look out, we're looking out with the capacity about two years out, so to keep driving market share and then have the capacity, when this thing turns to support it, at the same time, we have a large share of the mid-to-high end marketplace, and so, with the imports from Europe, which is most – a lot of high-end, we see other opportunities in driving the high-end piece. But you do have to understand that the market is in complete turmoil.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We changed almost all the assets in the Italian plants. There is some other assets in our Spanish plants that we're going to upgrade. And then what've been doing up to now is trying to do a good job, the goal was to basically try to maintain the volume and get out of the bad products and bad margins and drive up the margins. We're only partway along achieving it, but we have made the changes in the product, we're bringing new innovation to the marketplace, we're changing the mix within it and we're lowering our things substantially. So all those things are happening will continue. And then now for the first time since we owned it, we're looking at, do we want to increase either our capacity or go into some different markets that have opportunities and products and volume where we've been constraining it a little bit? Now, we have the new Eastern European business with KAI and there is a lot of synergy between the assets there and they tend to make low to mid-end products. And the other assets we're focused on mid to high-end products. So we think that there's opportunities to export products from Bulgaria into other parts of Europe. And we have some new capacity coming in now, just came up with it. So we think there's a lot of opportunities to dramatically increase the margins. And now we're just looking at things, how to move to top line in the market that we're hoping just getting ready to start improving.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In our models, we believe the marketplace that our business is going to continue getting better. Our margins are going to increase, our profitability is going to continue to increase. We should be able to generate a lot of capacity to invest and our ratios of debt to cash flow will go down quickly. So our balance sheet will handle a lot of debt if we choose to use it. More importantly is, I'm not interested in being big, I'm interested in having a right businesses and getting the returns we want. So we have to find the right things and the right businesses that we like, and we're always looking. Some of them take years to get together when you do it and some take months. But we just finished the other ones, and we're starting to focus again on future opportunities.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yeah, I would say in the North American segment, low to mid-teens in ceramic. And Rest of World segments in the mid-teen range.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, we're open to anything. We don't have a formula to do it. We look for the best businesses in the category and new things, be it new geographies or new products. When we go into areas where we have strong management, either geographically and/or within a category, we will look at businesses that are under great stress and we're quite confident that we can improve them. So we're willing to do either/or. We've proven that we can move into different international markets and help those businesses and drive them and help them better, so getting into the new geographies. We're open to anything as long as we can compete on an equal basis with non-U.S. public companies in those geographies. So we're very careful about deciding where we go into it because, on an equal basis, we're quite comfortable and compete with anybody. But we don't want to be constrained with different rules than they do, is a significant part of how we think about things.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on each product and category. It can take anywhere from a two months to six months for it to show up for us and then it can take anywhere from one quarter to two quarters or more to flow through our piece. It all depends on what it is and where it is.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There is higher selling products going on. Part of the difference is that the carpet business, the growth is coming in the new construction and multifamily businesses, where the remodel is slower. And so what's happening is you're getting a mix change there. And then at the same time, you're getting the polyester prices as we shift from nylon to polyester. We're reducing the selling prices of the industry's products with both.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean the reason I also said that my margins declined, so as we're trying to gain share, but even without gaining share, our market is in turmoil, people lower prices. So, the margins are coming down. We are positioned as the leader in the industry in the mid to high end part of the business place, which is a good place to be. With that, our new introductions are doing well, and our higher margins on the other hand to drive share, we're competing more in lower value products than we have historically. And, so that's offsetting some of it. You should expect that my competitors are going to get under more stress, and the prices are going to get under more pressure, and our margins will have to absorb that. Now I believe that, we're a very low cost producer in the marketplace, and I think, when this thing, whatever it turns out on the other side, we're going to have a much bigger, better business when we get to the other side, because of all of this, but the margins in between are going to be what they are going to be.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm going to invest in anything that gives me the returns I want, given the cash flow we have, I mean we are looking to find internal projects, which gives the highest returns, the lowest returns, at the lowest risk. And so, we're going to keep investing on. We haven't set the level for next year yet, so the last two years, it's been about $450 million to $500 million as it's been, and we'll invest more if we can find the right places to put it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think in Russia, there's several under stress in it. And the answer though is typically assets unless they are really bad, just change hands, is it, so for assets to get out is rare, is that they just change who owns them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you very much. We had a really good quarter. We think the economy in the U.S. and around the world is going to keep helping us. We think we're doing the right things to maximize our participation in the marketplaces. And we're looking for other ways to expand further. Thank you for joining us. We appreciate it.
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah. Yeah. Let me try to address that. So, we're in the North American segment, the largest driver of the margin improvement was productivity with input cost being the next largest. And we expect that business in all of our segments actually from a margin standpoint to improve as you compare year-over-year this year to last year. And then, I think the other thing is that the raw material benefit, the input benefits that I'd mentioned earlier in my comments in that segment was about $14 million, and we're expecting the input benefit from carpets to improve as we move through the year.
Frank H. Boykin: I would just say be careful about just taking that number times 4 to come up with a full year accretion – number of accretions we've got, seasonality and things such as that that would impact that differently.
Frank H. Boykin: I would say our current thinking on incremental margins for the three segments today, as we've restructured them, is in the North American segment, those margins would be kind of in the low 20% range. Ceramic stays as is at about 25% and rest of world is around 30%.
Frank H. Boykin: Correct. I was saying that the different items that are included in there, which is raw materials, labor, energy, SG&A, some benefited and some went the other way.
Frank H. Boykin: And then on your question, Stephen, for nat gas, they have declined somewhat, but those declines have been offset by increased labor and healthcare and freight costs.
Frank H. Boykin: You know, Susan, as Jeff had mentioned earlier, we think we're going to generate a lot of cash flow and also our debt capacity should go up over the next few years. So we'll have a good bit of dry powder to invest in CapEx Greenfield projects or M&A.
Frank H. Boykin: Yeah the input cost in ceramics was a positive $4 million, input cost in rest of world was a positive $7 million.
