Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Our performance during the second quarter underscored the value of our recent acquisitions and our ability to integrate them into our business. Our talented management team is focused on driving our historical businesses while optimizing our new acquisitions. We've quickly identified and executed many significant changes during -- including new organizational structures, cost improvement, asset consolidations, realignment of marketing strategies and the enhancement of our product offering. We continue to make the necessary strategy changes and investments to improve our profitability. We're committed to bringing innovation to the marketplace in all our products. And our new acquisitions have enhanced our ability to realize this. We anticipate improving each of our product categories with our strong brands, efficient manufacturing, innovative products and broad distribution. We are increasingly confident in the continued strengthening of the U.S. market. And we believe that continued job growth, expanded new home construction and greater remodeling investments, along with our new acquisitions, will improve our future results. With these factors, our guidance for the third quarter is $1.81 to $1.91 per share, excluding any restructuring or acquisition costs. With business improvement and acquisitions in 2013, we anticipate the fourth quarter seasonal decline to be slightly more than in 2010 and '11. Our second quarter result demonstrate our ability to grow our legacy businesses while delivering positive results through acquisitions. Mohawk is a global business with the knowledge and expertise to effectively compete in local markets while satisfying regional trends. While Mohawk's product and geographic presence have dramatically broadened over the years, the constant that remains is our commitment to operational excellence, continuous innovation and the satisfaction of our customers. We'll now be glad to take questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: With the new acquisitions, we expect over the next few years to be able to improve the operating margins by about 2% to 4%. In addition, we believe there'll be revenue growth, which should continue. We've made significant progress in the integration. Some of the pieces are in our control and some aren't. Some of the things that we intend to do include putting new assets in. That could take 2 years to get them in before we realize all those. So the actions that we're doing include realigning the organizations, which we've done; consolidating plants, which is an ongoing process; reducing costs in all parts of the business; relocating production between the plants to optimize the plants that produce it; as well as enhancing the product lines to do that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, some of the businesses was only owned for about 30, 45 days. You could say we're further along on Pergo, but we're not as far along on Spano.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'll try to give you some feel for it, but we don't break out specific products and sales in each of the parts or the margins of each.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, in Mexico, we put in capacity of -- new capacity of, I think, just under $100 million about a year ago, little less than a year ago. During the year, we have gotten [indiscernible] because it takes over a year to get it up to the efficiencies. We're getting close to where we'd like it to be. By the end of the year, the cost in the new plant should be pretty close to the same as every other facility that we have. At the same time, we started promoting product to use the new capacity, using lower-value products as we're training the people and the production is running through the plant. And what we're doing now is moving it to higher-value products in the marketplace. We still have a limited share of the Mexican marketplace, and a large amount of room to grow. We believe in the marketplace that our customers are looking for alternatives to purchase product from. So we believe we're a good alternative with a product offering from the top all the way to the bottom. In Russia, the market is very fractured market. We believe we're the largest participant in it. Nobody in the market has more than mid-teen market shares approximately. So there's a lot of opportunities to grow in Russia. We have a management group that's been there for a very long time building the business from a very small business to where it is today. We have the integrated structure there, where we manufacture the product. We have distribution across the country, all the way up to retail and franchise stores to move the product to market. In this period we just finished, we've started doing more advertising in the major retail markets in order to enhance the value of our brand and become more aware of our products in the marketplace, which is helping us overcome the slower growth in the economy. What else? To offset sales, the softness in the marketplace, we're also increasing our sales into the new construction part of the market, which still did not have the decline or softness that we saw in the replacement marketplace. In addition, I guess, in Russia, we've come out with a brand-new product line in the first of the year, and it's being accepted better than we had anticipated. So we think we're doing well, given the structure. We believe we have a long-term opportunity to grow in the categories we are as well as expand into other markets.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So we're not prepared again to give you specific numbers. We could tell you that the commercial market is still growing for us in each of our segments. It's growing on all the pieces. The ceramic segment has a larger portion of commercial than does the carpet segment. I think we've given before that it's about 40% of our business in that segment. And in the carpet segment, we're seeing a change in it as the commercial tiles continue to grow. So we're having very high growth rates in our commercial tile, taking share from our broadloom business. We see going into the fall a continuation of what we've been seeing.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've been working for the last 4 or 5 years, our strategy is to improve our business, improve everything within it. And they're starting to pay benefits that we have. We're seeing better mix from higher-value products, and we've been talking about leading the soft category with -- we have 3 different pieces within it driving it. We have better volume going on in our carpet business, which is helping our cost. We continue to improve our manufacturing costs, and we continue to control our SG&A costs, all of which are benefiting the margins.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have not done anything. What we've done so far is we've restructured the management and sales organizations to put them together. We are getting the products, so each one had some slightly different product. So by putting the sales groups together, we could offer the product offering to a broader customer base. We're optimized -- we have the potential to optimize the manufacturing assets. We believe that reductions in infrastructure, we can do to improve it. We're just in the initial stages of developing how we're going to get there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You have to go back to what the strengths and weaknesses were of each of the brands prior. The Marazzi brand basically focused on medium- to higher-end residential floor tile. And they were trying to drive their business through that. In our business under American Olean, we have a commercial product line, which they don't offer. We have wall tile they don't offer. We have a broader pricing spectrum of products we cover. And then we also offer assorted things in installation and other packages to give a full package to the customer. What we're doing is offering to both our distribution customers as well as where we have weak distribution, the combination of offering both brands to our customer base together. And that will allow us to have a complete line, competitive with our complete Dal-Tile line. And we believe that doing so, we'll be able to attract more customers and increase both the brands' penetration in the marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the detail of the SKUs. There's a significant number of low-productive SKUs in the Marazzi Europe line that we're going to remove from the line. At the same time, due to limited capabilities and equipment, they were limited in how much of certain higher-value products they could make. We've agreed to increase the capacity, make changes in it to improve the amount of the higher-value products we can do and restructuring the manufacturing. They ran the business. They had plants in different countries in Europe and they ran them each fairly independently. What we're doing is running them more holistically. And so by moving products around, we have capability short-term of producing a different mix of products. We think it's the right thing to do and we'll continue down that path.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: A minute ago, we gave a view that said that over time, we expect that the margins of all the acquisitions collectively over the next few years, we'll be able to move it up 2% to 4%. This is about as close as we're going get you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Southern part of Europe continues to be weak. We're seeing declines. The Northern part tends to be better but also declines. We have different product categories that are more related to new construction versus remodeling, and you're seeing differences there. Country-by-country, there are significant differences. Going forward, our hope is to have limited downside and possibly be at a bottom. We don't know.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In all of the different channels in both the businesses, we're seeing growth through the specialty store channel. We're seeing growth in the home center channel in both cases, as well as the other parts and pieces of them. We believe that it's being driven by several things: One is that increasing home prices around the country is giving people more confidence to put more money in their homes. The economy, though not growing as much as we would like it to be, is growing and there's more people working in each one. We're seeing some -- and it's harder to get because there's a lot of moving parts. We believe that as that goes further, the people that spend money on remodeling tend to purchase higher-quality products and should improve our mix as we go through in all the different categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each one of the businesses have different things driving it. So the carpet business, we're in the middle of implementing a 4% to 6% price increase that we announced some time ago. We talked about the lag and recovering it and that we anticipate to cover it now. At the moment, we haven't seen significant changes in it. We continue to watch it as we go through. In that area, some of the chemical prices are under pressure. However, there's some increases in the oil prices. So we're just watching it and we'll have to react to it. In the ceramic segment, we have the natural gas prices have gone up and the gasoline prices on the trucks, and in that business, we sell a lot of it delivered. So we've announced a price increase in the third quarter to try to recover those changes and some others with it. In the wood business, the lumber prices on the solid woods and the engineered woods are going up. We've announced 3 or 4 price increases this year. We're still implementing those. Hopefully, we're reaching a peak.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Jason, it's all built into the estimates we gave you. We gave you an estimates for this quarter. We tried to give you some view of the seasonality of the businesses in reference to history. And you should be able to get pretty close.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I guess, just high level, the corporate, hospitality and health care are the strongest markets that we're seeing in the different pieces. We see that they'll continue like they're going at this moment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If we could get the Europeans to quit going on vacation for a month or so in the third quarter, you wouldn't have the same result. So it's all got to do with what happens in Europe, the majority of it is what's happening in Europe and around that they all take off, which is -- it always happens every year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're expecting the ratio to continue improving significantly. So it's not a matter of being able to get the money, it's a matter of being able to have the management to tackle how many things at the same time. And we think we have the capability to buy other ones, it'll be greater over time. And if we find the right ones, we'll take actions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The core business is so much larger than the other. It's basically setting the pace. The other one is a small part of the total.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have a significant wood business. We have a limited LVT business that we're importing products into U.S. and Europe. We're in the process of building an LVT plant in Europe. It should be up and running sometime next year. As that one proves itself out, we would be prepared to expand into those categories in other geographic markets.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The completion will be by the end of this quarter. The operations will be moved to our Belgian plant and be supplied out of our Belgian plant. And the cost, I guess...
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's some in the fourth -- there's some later because there's product transitions and other things and updating the product line in Europe. So some is -- Frank gave you some numbers earlier about the rest of second half.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're still evaluating the opportunities. There are a number of plants close to each other. And the opportunities are, can we move the -- use the best assets and the place? Should we put more investments in? We haven't concluded yet.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The sales have improved. What's happening in the rug business is that as the retailers perceive the cuts -- we tend to sell a large portion of it to discounters, mass merchants. And over the last year or so, they've been compressing the price points, trying to make them more available for people with incomes that are getting squeezed. So we're having a significant problem into average value as they compress it. We're spending a huge amount of effort trying to bring them higher-value products that they can sell at higher price points. So it's a compression of the prices that's our biggest problem.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that what was just taken on in the last 6 months is a huge piece of acquiring as many businesses and as many continents and as many different product categories that we have all at the same time. The reason we're able to handle it is because of the management structure. Within the management structure, I have a Chief Operating Officer, who's over the business and helps me execute these strategies across the business. Under each of those, we have 3 segments: We have basically a carpet segment, a ceramic segment and a laminate and wood segment. Each of those has a President that's driving the day-to-day strategies and executing the business. Then under each of them, we then have different product managers, category managers, channel managers. And collectively, we set the tone for where we want to go. We have very good process in the place we've built over the years. Going into the year, we go through a strategic planning process. We come out of that with very specific things that we expect to accomplish over the next 12 months. They put together cost savings programs, product innovation programs. They assign it down through the organization to different people within it. Monthly, quarterly, they review the progress on those and keep adjusting them as necessary. And we have a really good progress to execute. You've been listening to all the things that we're doing in these different acquisitions. I mean, there are hundreds of pieces moving all at the same time. Each one of those acquisitions falls under a different manager. For instance, within the laminate business in Europe, there's one group that's driving the changes with Pergo, there's another group driving the changes with Spano in each one. There's another group driving the U.S. changes in Pergo under the U.S. management. And so each one is broken down into segments with different ones, so no one group has to take the challenges of any one piece. I think we're well-setup for the long term. The management is the strongest it's ever been. The systems and processes continue to get stronger every day. And I think being able to handle this and all the different activities we've got going on shows what -- how it's working.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each of the businesses have unique opportunities. We talked through a lot of them in the last hour. The U.S. business, the operations side of the Pergo business, there's ways of improving it. They were starved for cash and putting them together, utilizing the best assets across it, internalizing things, like board production both in Europe and there. They had simple things like they were outsourcing maintenance. I mean, it's all being in-sourced as we speak. There were things like the raw material supplied in different pieces, we're internalizing those. In Europe, the Pergo assets were put in -- most of them were 20 years old and outdated. The reason we're closing the plants up, it costs more to fix them than they're worth. We can leverage the assets where we are by closing the assets there and moving them to our other plants. They go from having the worst assets in the industry to having the best assets in the industry. On the Marazzi side, the business in the U.S., I mean, it was running really well when we got it. We're looking for synergies across the pieces, in marketing, branding and product. Increasing distribution, we think a big opportunities. Europe, the European ceramic industry from peak to bottom is off like 50%. So they had already done many changes to do it. The big opportunity in Europe is to reduce the infrastructure costs, which we -- we have many things going on to improve the asset quality and to broaden the product mix. And boy, if we ever get any help in the marketplace, I mean, we have big upsides in it. The Europe -- the Russian business, I mean, is running well. We just have to keep feeding it capital and keep looking how to grow it in other areas that they're not in over time. All have good opportunities. We've got them all lined up and we're going after them all.
Frank H. Boykin: We're not prepared to talk about them individually. But we have, I would say from a margin and bottom line standpoint, probably better performance than what we had anticipated.
Frank H. Boykin: The other thing, Eric, I would point out is that if you look at our 2 businesses over there, Unilin, Unilin is primarily in middle and Northern Europe, which countries are performing better, as you know, than Southern Europe. Marazzi does have a presence in Southern Europe. But as we've talked about, they've been able to offset a lot of that. Their businesses in Europe have been able to offset all of that. A lot of that with exports into other areas around the world.
Frank H. Boykin: I'll add on the mix side though, Susan, it is still early, a little difficult in the cycle, a little difficult to evaluate mix. With price increases that we've had in new products and prebuying that's going on, it's a little difficult to evaluate what's going on with mix.
Frank H. Boykin: We're at $300 million right now available on our revolver. And with regards to acquisitions, we continue to look at anything anybody brings us. But we're focused right now primarily on integrating those acquisitions, and we'll continue to pay down debt. And the other thing to point out that has happened favorably is our debt-to-EBITDA ratio has continued to improve. Just from the first quarter to the second quarter, it's improved significantly, so we'll continue to drop that.
Frank H. Boykin: So look, a couple of questions in there. I'll see if I can hit them all. The first thing I want to point out is with these acquisitions. As I talked about last quarter, as we get further and further along in the integration, it's very difficult to pull them apart and say x amount of the margin improvement came from the acquisitions and the other amount came from other things that we're doing. So we really can't address that. With regards to the future, looking out over the next couple of years, we are expecting our ceramic margins to get back up to the kind of 13%, 14% range that they've run historically.
Frank H. Boykin: I think we're still in the same vicinity as what we've given you in the past, about a 20% contribution margin in carpet and mid-20s for ceramic and upper 20s to 30% range for laminate.
