Frank H. Boykin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Mohawk Industries' quarterly investor conference call. Today, we'll update you on the company's progress during the third quarter of 2014 and provide guidance for the fourth quarter. I'd like to remind everyone that our press release and statements that we make during this call may include forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include a discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release in the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any GAAP to non-GAAP amounts. I'll now turn the call over to Jeff Lorberbaum, Mohawk's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales in the quarter were $1,991,000,000, up 2%, both as reported and on a constant exchange rate basis. We had growth in all segments, with stronger performance in the ceramic and laminate segments. For the third quarter year-to-date, pro forma sales grew 2% or 1% on a constant exchange rate basis. Gross margin, as reported, was 28%. Excluding restructuring, it was 28.3%, up 60 basis points over the comparable amount last year. We had higher productivity and acquisition synergies that drove improvement. SG&A, as reported, was $343 million. Excluding restructuring, SG&A as a percent to net sales was 16.4%, a 50 basis point improvement over last year. We were able to keep our SG&A dollars flat, while leveraging the lower SG&A dollars -- percent. Unusual charges for the quarter were $41 million, with most from plant closures, acquisition restructuring and bond redemption premium that we paid for the purchase of $200 million of our 2016 bonds. The operating margin excluding charges was 11.9%. That's up 110 basis points from last year. The declining ruble impacted our operating income dollars by $2.5 million in the quarter. Given our present earnings mix, we gain or lose about $1 million of operating income per quarter if the dollar-euro exchange rate changes 0.02 or if the ruble-dollar exchange rate changes 2.5. We have approximately 70% of our laminate and wood business that's euro-based and 30% of our ceramic segment that's euro/ruble-based. Our interest expense for the quarter was $35 million and includes a $17 million bond redemption premium, which reduces second half interest by approximately $4 million, and we were able to realize some cash savings as a result of the redemption. We may purchase additional small lots of the 2016 bonds if pricing is favorable. Interest improved $8 million, excluding the premium, primarily due to the ratings upgrade and our entry into the commercial paper program. Our income tax rate was 19% for the quarter, which compares to 21% last year. We expect our full year rate to be 21% this year and range from 22% to 23% next year. The rate will fluctuate between quarters, due to shifts of income between countries and timing of deductions. Earnings per share excluding charges was $2.44. That's up 21% from last year and, as Jeff mentioned, is the highest earnings per share in our history. If we move to the segments. In the carpet segment, sales were $779 million, up 1% over last year, with sales growth primarily from volume increases in both commercial and in our hard surface products. Our operating income was $84 million, with a 10.8% margin, up 170 basis points from last year. Continuing productivity and volume increases supported higher margins. In the ceramic segment, sales were $780 million, up 2%, as reported, or 3% on a constant exchange rate basis. We had good growth in our ceramic North American business, with the largest improvement in Mexico. Our Russian business grew in local currency, with the European business down slightly. Our operating income was $106 million, with a 13.5% margin, up 160 basis points from volume, productivity and mix. All regions reported margin increases during the quarter. In the laminate and wood segment, sales ended at $463 million, up 3% on both a constant reported -- constant exchange rate basis as well as reported. We had Europe showing an increase in most categories and U.S. declining slightly from slower remodel laminate business. The operating income in this segment was $54 million with an 11.6% margin, down 130 basis points due to mix and start-up costs. In the corporate and eliminations segment, we had an operating loss of $6 million, and we estimate the full year loss to be about $30 million. Jumping to the balance sheet. Receivables ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, with DSOs at 53 days for the quarter. Inventories were $1.640 billion, with inventory days at 113, up due to inflation, backwards integration and prebuy of raw materials. Fixed assets were $2,773,000,000 and included capital expenditures during the quarter of $142 million and D&A of $85 million. We estimate CapEx for the full year to be $550 million, primarily for capacity expansion and as we assimilate our acquisitions. Total D&A for the quarter is -- or for the year is estimated to be $350 million. And then finally, long-term debt -- net debt ended the quarter at $2,284,000,000. Our leverage ended at 2.0x debt-to-EBITDA. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jeff.
Frank H. Boykin: We're not changing the earnings -- or the margin targets that we've talked about in -- long-term margin targets we've talked about in the past, David.
Frank H. Boykin: When we bought the Marazzi Company, it was about $1 billion in sales and I think we said then it was represented, in total, $1 billion around the world. And we said Russia represented about 25% of that, and so the business has grown over the last couple of years.
Frank H. Boykin: We, at this point, don't expect to spend the same number next year that we're spending this year. We don't have a final budget yet, but we're not looking at spending the same number this -- next year as we are this year.
Frank H. Boykin: And it's hard for us to quantify the difference between new construction and remodel because there's overlap between customers and products and things like that, so to give a number would just be a guess on our part, Stephen.
Frank H. Boykin: Just to, Stephen, reemphasize Jeff's point on going through a rigorous process, we do. We get down into a lot of the details at the division level and then here as well, when we have capital projects that are brought up.
Frank H. Boykin: And then one other point to make on laminate is it's -- the end market there is much more limited, it's primarily residential remodel and very little going into new construction and commercial. So that is a headwind compared to the other categories.
Frank H. Boykin: I don't have it broken down between cash and noncash in front of me, but I can get that for you later, Dennis. I guess, we've incurred about -- in restructuring, about $47 million for 3 quarters, and we could get another range, say, of $23 million to $27 million in the fourth quarter, but timing in terms of decisions that we make and when we execute things may impact that. And then next year, it could range -- and this is all related to the acquisitions. It's really related to Spano and the Marazzi -- Europe Marazzi acquisition. Next year, it could range $40 million to $45 million. And I can get you the cash portion of that later. I don't have it here in front of me.
Frank H. Boykin: And a lot of the changes we're making, John, in ceramic Europe, we're upgrading assets and consolidating plants, et cetera. That's improving our costs and taking our mix up. So that will drive margins and top line a little bit, too, with the mix increase.
Frank H. Boykin: I just want to follow up on one question that Dennis had asked earlier about cash versus noncash restructuring this year. As a percentage, cash is probably about 2/3 of the total. Next question.
Frank H. Boykin: The SG&A dollars were about flat, maybe slightly down Q3 this year to Q3 last year, excluding restructuring. And they'll probably be flattish in the fourth quarter this year compared to last year. As we move forward, I would anticipate the dollars to go up as we reinvest back into the business and grow the -- to support growth in the business. But the percentage of SG&A, the sales, we'll be able to leverage that and that should continue to improve. And it's about 50% fixed and 50% variable, somewhere around there.
Frank H. Boykin: Rates should be about 19% for the fourth quarter, and really, the rate is impacted between quarters and in between years, based on regional dispersion of the earnings and also between quarters based on timing of certain deductions. And looking forward, we're estimating at this point that our rate -- tax rate would be in the range of 22% to 23%.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. We anticipate that the growth in the U.S. economy in the flooring category will remain unchanged during the fourth quarter, with residential remaining slow as commercial grows. We do not foresee significant improvement in the European economy or flooring industry during the period. In Russia, we expect the economy to continue slowing, creating pressure on our results. For the total company, we expect improvement in our sales and operating margins compared to last year. However, due to the strengthening dollar, we anticipate that foreign currency translation will reduce sales and profits as reported. Our performance will benefit from new products, productivity improvements, synergies from our acquisitions and cost containment initiatives. We remain confident in our ability to execute our business strategy within the prevailing economic conditions. With these factors, our guidance for the fourth quarter earnings is $2.18 to $2.27 per share, excluding any restructuring charges. Looking forward to 2015, we anticipate improved growth in the U.S. economy, with housing starts, existing home sales and remodeling strengthening from this year. The European economy appears to be getting weaker, but the Central Bank is keeping interest rates low to stimulate growth. The Russian economy is declining, and we are taking actions to increase our market share, which will impact our margins. We expect improved sales growth on a local basis and continued improvement in our margins. From the beginning of 2014, the stronger dollar has reduced the dollar-euro exchange rate by 7% and the dollar-ruble exchange rate has decreased by 31%. Our reported results will be lower if the U.S. dollar remains strong. Our plans for 2015 are centered on improving our results and we'll continue to pursue acquisitions that provide good long-term returns. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Make sure you remember that the business is seasonal and we're in one of the best quarters each year, so you have to look at the annual rates. We believe we'll continue to improve our margins from the annual rate we expect to be at.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have not seen any basic changes in our raw material costs. The raw material cost that we've said do follow oil over the long term, but in the short term, the chemicals and resins aren't always aligned, so we haven't seen any yet. If they stay down continuously for a long time, we would expect to see so.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The remodeling business has not improved as we had expected. I can't say that we have a definitive reason why it is for the different pieces. We believe that the mortgage problems that people are having, getting mortgages, are impacting existing home sales. Some new buyers coming in the marketplace with the debts they have, these young people are impacting it. So we think that it's going to improve, they just haven't come back as fast as we have thought as they go through. With that, the marketplaces are less robust than everyone had expected and there are various promotions and things in the various categories as people try to balance sales with their asset levels.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: If you look at the overall CapEx, we have about $70 million to $90 million in maintenance, safety, environmental things each year, depending upon what it is and basically those are just keeping the business running. We internally have a rigorous process for deciding what to do. When we look at it, most of the cost reduction projects typically have between 2- and 5-year paybacks. When we look at investments that are going to expand the sales, they tend to be a little longer, could be 4 to 6 years, because the start-up time in getting them go through could be less. If you look at what we spent in 2014, the big pieces are around replacement of high-cost assets and our acquisitions that we knew when we went in that we would have to do things to get their margins up. There where businesses like the Pergo business, which had very low margins; the European ceramic business, which had no profits that we knew we were going to invest in; we've announced and we started the spending towards putting in a new porcelain plant that makes technical porcelain in the U.S. and Tennessee; we're in the process of putting up a new LVT plant in Europe; we've expanded the production capacity of ceramic planks and larger sizes in the U.S.; we have fiber and yarn investments in the carpet business that support the changing product trends, it happens about once every 20 years, we have to replace huge parts of the assets; and then we have numerous smaller projects across the businesses each year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have it, but I don't have it in front of me. But each project, each division, each piece and I can't -- I don't have it to give you anything. It's made up of those pieces that we talked about.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So what you're seeing is years of work we've been doing to get ready for this, including the capital investments we just talked about, about the businesses. If you look in the carpet business, we've closed a significant number of facilities; we've consolidated different parts of the business; we've replaced higher costal assets; we simplified the product line and the raw material structures; we've consolidated and reduced the administrative costs multiple times in the last year or 2. We've invested in new systems to improve the efficiency of the business and we've spent a lot of effort trying to increase our product differentiation, which helps our margins in that. So I mean, all those things coming together have had a significant impact on the way we operate the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, our Ouija board probably doesn't work a lot better than anybody else's. We believe that the laminate business will grow but at a slower overall rate than the overall flooring category because of the competition it has with other things. Also, there's some pressure on the higher-end products with ceramic and other alternatives going after it. Our business is focused more on the middle- to higher-end of the marketplace, where there's more differentiated product which helps us. But in our plans, it will grow slower than the overall market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's definitely our goal to do that. We expect continued benefit from our investments. We expect to continue improving the productivity and new products. We're anticipating, next year, to have continued improvements, but probably a little less as a percentage basis than we did this year. And our goal is to keep driving it up to new heights.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'll try to give you a view of the pieces, but the specific numbers, we're not giving out. We had weaker sales in both the U.S. and Europe, which impacted the business; we had higher costs due to new product introductions; we had equipment startups that I went through, which we think are behind us, so those were onetime pieces; in Europe, we're absorbing the cost of investing in LVT; we have the new Czech plant that we bought from someone; we're having to upgrade it and get it where it can make more money; in the U.S., the wood selling prices didn't cover them so the question is where the margins in the selling prices and the cost is going to be in wood, we hope they're going to be better. With all that, we do expect the margins to improve in this segment, both next quarter and next year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The business is doing better than we had expected. The U.S. business we're now operating as a single business and is working well together. We think we have opportunities to market the 2 brands together, which we've been talking about. The Russian business is operating really well. The market conditions have changed from where we saw it. But when we bought the business, the Russian economy was growing about 5%. And most likely, it's going to be in a recession. And then same thing as here, when you're in recession, our category tends to get hurt worse. As some of the things helping us there are that probably about 25% of the ceramic market was being imported from around the world. So the weak euro is slowing it down and then we believe we're in the best position in the marketplace from a styling standpoint, from a product and a design standpoint and from the franchised stores that are lined with us. However, the remodeling part of the business is being impacted the most at the moment. So we're having to move from that to expanding our position in the new construction business and the DIY channels, which we're doing. But we're expecting the overall marketplace, the pricing pressures to increase, but we're going to increase our market share. And then the final piece of the business is the European business, which was basically earning no money, we have it profitable at this point and growing a profit. And when we get through putting in the new equipment, we'll have a lower cost base and a higher product mix when we get through. And we'll have to decide -- we have in place what we expect to do next year, and -- I mean, it's moving and actually being executed as we speak. And there's possibility for more actions after that once we get it executed. So I think we're doing really well from where we started and some things are in our control and some things aren't.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The selling prices of ceramic have had limited inflation, with most of it being caused by the freight movement. Ceramic is very, very expensive to move around the country, but I mean, it's gone up limited amounts. And then the wood prices have gone up substantially as the raw material prices have gone up. So that wood is much more expensive relative to ceramic than it was 2 years ago or 3 years ago.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we're expecting to have the top line grow and we're expecting to have the margins go up also as a collective piece, but we're going to lose a part of it relative to the FX. Now I don't know whether the FX is going to get better or worse from here forward. I'm not too good at guessing, but we're expecting both of them to grow and offset it, but it's going to inhibit some of the growth we thought we were going to have.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So on a local basis, we expect the European business to be more profitable and we'll probably give up a little taking share in Russia.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think in the period that we probably did a little bit better than the carpet industry. We are anticipating our rug business doing better going forward. We've made changes in it to improve our product offering. We're using more of our fiber and assets to bake more differentiated products and we've had some changes in the competition in the marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think the trends are similar. They have different -- they participate in different channels at different amounts. And then in my carpet segment, we've gone through about 1.5 years or 2 years of transition of moving the product line, the raw material structures, taking complexity out of the business. And those things are giving our business a boost as we are getting to the other side of all those things.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I doubt that they're changing the consumer much. Typically, promotions in the industry are run as the supply and demand of individual companies move around and people try to equalize their assets with the demand structures of each one. So I don't think that the promotions really change the consumer demand.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think, today, the markets are more bifurcated at the top and the bottom. The middle is what's getting hurt the most. The middle buyers are tending to move down or postpone it as much. Some of it may come from -- over the past few years, you had companies investing in homes that they weren't living in them and renting them out. They tend to go with lower-value products than others. People, I think, are concerned about -- in the early 2000s the price of a home was moving up so much that if someone put an investment in their home, they expected to get multiples of it back when they sold it. So having the housing prices move up where people get more comfortable that they invest -- the money they're putting in are investments would help the business more. We think it's going to improve over the future. We think that people want to live in nice places. We think that the mortgage rates are going to get a little easier, the conditions to get them from what the government is talking about. So we're optimistic about the future. But it is what it is today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The capacities coming in was based on expectations of a higher growth rate that we've seen so far as well as the change in the product mix of what people are buying. So some portion of what's coming in is replacing other raw materials and obsoleting other assets that the industry have, such as in olefins, which is declining, so there's many assets that are going to be shut down or not used. With that, there is more capacity in the marketplace and it tends to -- people tend to use the open price point categories to balance out the asset utilizations from time to time, to get them going. And the bottom end of the market is always competitive and we expect it to continue to be.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First, our share to our total business is relatively small. And second, I want to make sure you understand, our U.S. wood business is not the same as our non-U.S. wood businesses.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The domestic business, in addition, you have a solid wood business and an engineered wood business and the dynamics are different because of the raw material content of each. But the recent past being we, as an industry, tried to raise prices and did not get as much as we wanted. I don't see anything that's changed that from 2 weeks ago to now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In my long history, the pricings have gone up and down based on raw materials. As the prices go up, we chase it a little, and as the prices go down, we keep it awhile but it tends to end up being passed through over time. The commodity areas of the business tend to have little differentiation, and I would assume that if the prices fall, there would be some positive impact for a while. But with the capacity utilizations, we will probably pass it through. But historically, it's always moved down there anyway so I don't know if it's really capacity related today or it's just the way we operate. We don't want to earn too much money.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I can't give you a simple answer I don't repeat. We have each of the different raw materials that we use: polypropylene, polyester, nylon that all have different chemical dynamics in them. So the chemical changes in each industry and what the alternatives for the chemical part of it determines what the prices are with supply and demand. You then have that resin pieces, which you have supply and demand in, which go into various industries beside ours. And the competition of all there, you can have, as we've said before, you can have falling oil prices and rising raw material for us or you can have reverse. So it just has to work its way through based on the world dynamics, too, because the chemicals get shipped around the world and the U.S. dollar strengthened and that's going to impact it. So I mean my predictions of where it's going to go aren't too good, and I have never found a formula that I can convert one to the other.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think we have the numbers with us, but most of the product categories, the freight is an add-on cost or we add -- we change the price of the products. So we're trying to move the selling prices to take care of them as either freight or the other. We've said before that we raised the freight prices in the second quarter. We just announced that we're going to raise ceramic prices that are sold on a local basis in the first quarter. So I think that we have reasonable ways of managing to pass-through of those costs. They're not exactly lined up but they tend to be pretty close today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It depends on the product and the market and the channel. In ceramic, we have a portion with our service centers that we sell it FOB to local destinations for instance. In our carpet, we tend to sell them with a freight charge added on to it. In other pieces, we have a freight charge embedded to get it to local and then an additional freight charge to get it local -- the long haul embedded in the local freight as an additional charge and all variations thereof.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We see the world as an opportunity for us to do acquisitions. We try to find acquisitions that we can leverage our knowledge and/or leverage our style, design processes in. We go into new marketplaces. We think those things we're capable and we have shown that we can apply those across new places and help people improve the way they go to market. We don't have a specific area that we say we have to be in this one or another one. We look for opportunities in 2 places. One is either to buy businesses that we can improve substantially or buy businesses with really good management and good results that we can take and leverage across other areas and geographies and we operate for both. I can't say that we have one geography that we want to go in. We look for geographies that we think we have advantages in or that will give us a foothold to expand upon. Around the world, there are companies that are owned by private equity, which they're looking to turnover. There are some areas where their businesses, like we bought Pergo, or other ones that their -- the operations of the business aren't what they want and they need capital. And again, I can't say there's one product or geography that's more interesting to us than another.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our LVT plant in Europe is in the final stages of being constructed. We are running tests on the product design and specifications as we speak. We have a lot of product design and things going on in the background. It is a new technology. It is different than other technologies that have been tried. It's -- we're going to be conservative in making sure that we test it properly before we bring it to market. I think we're in a good position. It's the second plant in the world, I believe, that's automated and running at high potentials. We have the ability to make products in the high end of the market as well as in the low end of the marketplace. We think it's a good place to start. We'd like to get the learning curve through it and then we would be prepared to open up other plants in other geographies as we thought we're -- give us good returns.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's start first. Our plant is in -- the one we're building right -- the one that's up -- that's going to be up soon is in Europe. In Europe, there is one other low-cost high-performance plant there, and I'm not aware of another one being announced at the moment. So we think we're in good position there. In the U.S. market, the marketplace is somewhere around $900 million, I believe, in wholesale this year. It's expected to grow at double-digit rates over the next few years. The amount of capacity coming in the industry is somewhere around 40% to 50% of the sales in 2014. The Chinese have been supplying the marketplace, so it depends on the -- what happens with the ability to compete with the Chinese, both on a cost basis and a style and design basis, what's going to happen with the capacity questions. On an individual basis, you're going to have companies that have different strengths. We believe that our business, it is very similar to both our laminate business and somewhat with our ceramic business -- we think that we have advantages in the style and design category to take our knowledge from those businesses and apply it to the new business. In addition, our ability to get to all categories of the market in commercial as well as residential in all the different channels with our sales forces and the relationships we have, we think will allow us to achieve the shares we would like in the industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm guessing, but I believe that the commercial part is probably around 40% of the industry at this point, and we see it growing in both categories.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that the brand price and style and design and service are all components of the same thing. And what you have is, some competitors that have little differentiation and tend to -- the only thing they tend to sell is price on one extreme. And then you have the ability, which I think we do, to compete on a price basis in one part of the marketplace, to compete on a style and design in another part of the marketplace and to compete on a service level at another part of the marketplace. And so I think that it depends where in the value stream you're playing and which channels or markets you're playing, how much it means to each.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, I think -- I'll give you examples of all. In carpet, we led the industry with a product called SmartStrand, which has a differentiated position. We led the industry in creating ultra soft carpets, which dramatically changed the premium part of the industry. In ceramic, we've led the industry in using Reveal technology, which is a unique printing technology. Today, about 20% of the industry in ceramic is being sold in wood planks, which didn't exist 3 or 4 years ago. And we have the most options, the most sizes, the most links. For instance, we translate that into other looks as well. In laminate, we have a premium high-end position, which we get because our products are different from others and people are willing to pay more for a Ferrari than they are for a Volkswagen. So, I mean it's everywhere.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you for joining us. I think that we had a good quarter. I think that the strategies we're using are enabling us to outperform the marketplace. And I think the investments we're putting in are going to allow us to do better on an ongoing basis. The management of the business is in the strongest position it's ever been at, and I think that our company has significant opportunities for the long-term future. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day.
