Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The statement was that we saw some improvement in the business coming in. We didn't really reference any piece in general. We're seeing slightly better trends in the first part of the quarter than we saw coming out of June. I forgot the second part of your question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The product mix, we spent a tremendous amount of effort over the last 1.5 years, 2 years, focused on trying to create more innovation in the marketplace, introducing better products that can achieve higher margins in all the different segments. And we're starting to see some benefit from those actions in all the different segments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The insulation board business, the increase we have today will allow us to grow to about EUR 70 million with our present capacity in the business, and it's growing much faster than the other parts of the business. The laminate business grew less than the average for the others, which we would expect, and all the different actions we're taking, we think -- we're growing where the industry is shrinking has got to do with, again, all the actions to expand our distribution into different channels and marketplaces as we go forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We think we have continued opportunity. We really have different strategies between the U.S. and Europe. In Europe, the strategy is to have selective distribution and participate under our brand in the premium part of the marketplace. So we're going to each country, looking for a limited number of customers to participate in the premium marketing, give them opportunity to step their customers up. In the U.S., we have a broader based strategy, which is to participate in a broader range of price points in the marketplace and do it under other brand names. So we have different -- we think there's opportunities in both to keep growing. We have limited participation in both continents in it, so it has significant upside.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't have any control over what they do. We provide them opportunities, and they choose whether to do it. What's happening is they're getting -- in the last quarter, they were much more conservative than we expected, both with their inventories and their promotional activities as they had greater concerns over the consumer.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure that I have a number for the overall piece. We see that the commercial business started growing about 2 years ago now, as most of it started out with mostly investments in remodeling. We saw an increase in it through the period. We see, as we've gone through this year, that it's continued to grow. So the growth rate is slightly less than we think it's been last year. There's some new building starting going on, which is helping it a little bit, and we think it's going to continue at a reasonable rate.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we've done is we've really tried to focus on our SG&A expenses. And what we've been doing is reducing our general SG&A expenses by becoming more productive and cutting out things that we thought had limited value. And what we've been doing is investing those dollars into these new product categories. So I think we're managing through it reasonably well and overcoming all the inflation you have and everything in addition to that.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have -- our internal estimates that we think that we have in place, certain activities to increase the sales, we really do not know exactly what the market's going to do, but we're making the assumption that it's more of the same. And under those conditions, we think that the volume's going to go up a little bit and -- as well as price increases. So you have a price increase in the ceramic business going in. We have the price increases that we've already put in place in the carpet industry. We have expansion of products that we think are higher value than the other, which should help the average selling prices. So we think we're going to see some positive things.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have the detail in front of me. We all know that the new construction builder business is going up from a very low base. Most people have it about 15% from a 15 plus-or-minus percent, and that the apartment part of the business is improving. The occupancy rates are there. It's showing improvement. The commercial business is still improving on similar trends as it has been in the past, we think. And the big question is what's going to happen to remodeling pieces, and your guess is as good as ours. We just think that we're well positioned in product mix and new introductions to help ourselves a little bit different than the market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I can just tell you that each of the divisions, I have it broken down by customer, by product, by channel. They have looked at new introductions, and they appear optimistic about their potential.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Each of the divisions has internal goals to introduce new products that improve their margins over the past ones. They all have goals that look to add greater value on style and design that could command slightly higher margins on new products than old. They all track what they're introducing versus the ones they're doing. On the other hand, we want to participate in the different areas in the commodity businesses, which are price-driven. And we believe that we are improving our mix through providing leading style and design in each area. I would say that one of the best ones we have is our Unilin business, which they've focused on since we have it. They basically have almost no commodity business, and everything's driven through bringing style and design to the marketplace. And we are driving that across all the different business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in competitive marketplaces. We have inflationary pieces in different ones. We've talked about raising prices in the ceramic business to help cover the inflation. We've talked about the margins in the Unilin business being under pressure as the raw materials have risen faster than we've been able to pass them through. The Mohawk business, what you've seen is we've been able to change the mix in the products to help the margins as we go through, through the new product introductions. And so that's what -- that's how we're getting to the improved margins in the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, it's a limited portion of the total, and we just don't break down to each individual product and pieces for you, guys. I mean, we have 100 different products and pieces in all the different businesses.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We believe that the third quarter rugs will be better than the second quarter in rugs. There were some things pushed out in the second quarter into the third quarter, we'll see those. We're anticipating improvement in it, but we haven't assumed that the market's going to change dramatically and the retailers are going to change, some of them becoming very conservative in their buying habits.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know -- remember exactly when it started, but I mean, we have put a lot of emphasis on putting out more stylized differentiated products, and it's starting to give us benefits.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure that I said that. The remodeling part of the market has been under pressure due to the general economy and consumers' perception that their home values are much lower than they were.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think that I anticipate it getting stronger. I think it's more of the same. The only thing in the carpet business, which is different, is the change to carpet tile. The average unit price goes up when you move from broadloom to carpet tile, which helps the dollar volume.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes to all the above. The Mexican plant is pleasantly not contributing anything to the business. It's actually a negative. But we're expecting next year that the Mexican plant will rise up to the normal levels of returns on the rest of our business. I don't know if -- I don't know when it's going to get to that level. But during the year, we expect it to get up to the average of our whole business so that you'll move from a negative into a positive contribution in that part. We continue to -- and the rest of the business depends on inflation and product mix going forward. We're trying to drive it as high as we can. We're hoping to keep expanding the margin.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We continuously look for opportunities. I think what it does, it impacts positively the valuations of the buyers and the sellers and the future perceptions of what's going to happen, and that makes concluding in transactions more difficult, as you would suspect.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think you'll understand that the -- as you introduce higher-value products, the margins on those are higher. The introductions that we put in, we are achieving good sales results at higher margins. We are continuing to expand those attributes into more products and categories. And we think those will help us as we move them into the marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The trends from the second quarter of the consumers in Europe were following the same thing. There's plenty of concern in Europe over what's going on. Country by country, you have differences in each one. The further south you go, the worse it gets. You get into markets like Spain, I mean, they're under tremendous pressure with unemployment. And as you would expect, the volume there are under a great pressure.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: In the different divisions, we have -- in the Mohawk side, the residential business is about 75% of the piece, about 25% commercial. In the Dal-Tile business, it's about 60% residential and 40% commercial. In the Unilin side, there's very little.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, growth always helps. What happened in the Unilin piece is we have some large retailers that have done better during the period. They're doing promotional activities to try to do that. We have made some progress into expanding our business in some of the home center channels so that we think we're doing a little better than the average, and anything that adds volume to the business helps. On the other side, in the laminate business, you do have a contraction of the value products, as there's pressure on the mix.
Frank H. Boykin: And Steve, let me correct -- you had said -- I don't remember the number, but the actual operating margin, excluding charges, was 11.7%, and that does not exclude FX. That's just the margin as a percent to sales.
Frank H. Boykin: We can go off-line on that. I think you'd have to go back and adjust the sales number as well for the currency.
Frank H. Boykin: At a very high level, David, in the Dal-Tile segment, about 40% is commercial. In the Mohawk segment, it's in the kind of mid-20s, maybe high 20s, in that range.
Frank H. Boykin: In that segment, Keith, as you know, we've got broadloom carpet, we've got rugs, we've also got hard surface products, we've got pad and cushion products. So we've got a number of different products in that segment.
Frank H. Boykin: The raw materials went up. We raised prices. I assume we're talking about the carpet business. We raised prices going into the quarter. The raw materials reached a peak, and then -- we work off our own business. We work off a forward view that we anticipate them, and we typically don't raise the prices to momentary peaks. So in there, we build our models and pricing based around what we think the long-term values are. So basically, we were on track for what we thought was going to happen. And what we're trying to say as we look forward into the future, we believe that the oil prices should push down the raw materials. However, there are individual chemicals, which are in short supply due to world dynamics, and we think that the increase in those specific chemicals are going to offset the general declines and give us basically a stable material environment for as far as we can see. That could change in a given moment based on market conditions of those chemicals.
Frank H. Boykin: From quarter to -- I'm talking from quarter to quarter, consecutively. But we're not anticipating an overall decline to help us at this moment.
Frank H. Boykin: And Dan, I would add, too, as you move into July and August in Europe, that's the holiday season over there. So sequentially, it's a slower time of the year.
Frank H. Boykin: In Dal-Tile, it's about half and half, residential and remodel. And it's high teens, maybe 20% range. And Mohawk's probably a little bit closer to the teens, given the environment we're in right now. And everything -- I'd say most of what's sold in Unilin is going into the remodel channel.
