Frank H. Boykin: Thank you, Jeff. Net sales for the quarter were $2.172 billion, up 16% from last year or 6% on a legacy basis using constant days and exchange rates. FX was a $26 million headwind in the quarter. We had one less day in the first quarter, and we will have one less day in the third quarter this year compared to last year. We will have one more day in the second quarter and the fourth quarter this year compared to last year. All segments and regions grew, with ceramics showing the strongest performance. Our gross margin as reported was 29.5%, or 29.7% excluding non-recurring charges. That's up 200 basis points compared to 2015 results. Volume, productivity and input costs drove higher margins. SG&A was $393 million, or 18.1% of net sales excluding charges, which is flat with 2015% to net sales. Sales and marketing investments made in the quarter were offset by leverage from higher sales this year. Our investments are benefiting both sales volume and mix for our business. Unusual charges were $7 million in the quarter, and were related primarily to acquisition integration and cost reduction through restructuring activities. We estimate $25 million to $30 million for the full year for these charges. Our operating margin excluding charges was 11.6%. The margin grew in all three segments. And our total margin grew by 200 basis points in the quarter, with volume, productivity and input cost driving improvement. FX impacted our earnings negatively by $3 million. Interest expense at $12 million for the quarter improved due to lower rates after the $254 million 2016 bonds were rolled into our commercial paper program. We estimate our full-year interest to be in the range of $45 million to $47 million. Other expense was $4 million, an increase over last year due to FX transactional adjustments. Our income tax rate was at 25.4%, which is 50 basis points higher than last year. We estimate our full-year tax rate to be in the range of 24.5% to 25.5% for the full year, and slightly over 25% for the second quarter. Our earnings per share excluding charges were $2.38, an increase of 40%. If we move to the segments, the Global Ceramic segment sales as reported were $774 million, which up 8% over last year, and our legacy sales were up 9% on a constant days and FX basis. On a local basis, all regions saw strong year-over-year growth. Our growth was driven primarily by volume and the KAI acquisition. FX in this segment was a $17 million headwind. Operating income margin excluding charges was 13%, up 110 basis points, driven by volume and productivity, which offset SG&A increases and start-up cost. Investments made in SG&A and start-up costs will expand future sales and margins for us. In the Flooring North American segment, sales were $906 million, an increase of 7% as reported. Our legacy sales on a constant days basis grew 4%. Our rise in sales was primarily from hard surface volume growth and the IVC acquisition. Our operating income margin excluding charges was 8.7%. That's an increase of 210 basis points from lower input cost, productivity improvements, and our acquisition. In the Flooring Rest of World segment, sales were $492 million, an increase of 56% as reported, with legacy sales, using constant days and FX, up 4%. Foreign exchange was a $9 million headwind this quarter. The increase resulted primarily from our IVC acquisition. Our operating income margin excluding charges in this segment was 16.7%, an increase of 90 basis points from the acquisition, higher volume, productivity and lower input cost. In the early second quarter, we had a fire in our sheet vinyl plant. The plant is currently running and fully repaired. And we expect our insurance to cover all property and business interruption loss, with the exception of the €500,000 deductible. And then, finally, in our Corporate and eliminations segment, we had an operating loss of $9 million, and we expect a full-year loss of approximately $35 million. Turning to the balance sheet, our receivables were $1.407 billion, with our days' sales outstanding flat at around 52 days, both this year and last year. Our inventories were $1.652 billion, with our inventory days continuing to show strong improvement at 109 days this year compared to 113 days last year. Fixed assets ended the quarter at $3.224 million. And this includes in the first quarter, capital expenditures of $141 million and depreciation and amortization of $100 million. CapEx for the full year is estimated to be between $600 million and $650 million, and our depreciation and amortization is estimated at $400 million for the full year. Our long-term debt ended the quarter at $3.3 billion, and our leverage at 2.1 times debt to pro forma EBITDA. I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff.
Frank H. Boykin: And I'll just add, because I know it will come up later. For the quarter, in the North American segment, if we look at the first quarter this year compared to first quarter last year, our input costs were a positive $25 million, which includes our raw material benefit, and then our price mix was a negative a $7 million for the quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: Keith, I would just add that I wouldn't expect to see, as you described it, a spike in our margins. I think our margins, as we've said, related to all the activity that's going on in the business, we're going to continue to see them improve in each of the three segments this year compared to last year, but at a slower rate of change than what we saw in 2015.
Frank H. Boykin: And I would just add on to that, Steve, that in this first quarter, we had for the total business, about $29 million of productivity. And that includes, like Jeff was saying, large major CapEx projects, but a lot of smaller CapEx projects, and a lot of smaller process improvement types of projects.
Frank H. Boykin: The multiple was about one, a little bit over one times what the selling price was. So, it's just below $200 million.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, your guess is as good as ours of what the rates are going to do for the rest of the year, but with the euro at $1.13 or $1.14 right now, that's favorable to last year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk delivered another strong quarter during the first period, with all of our segments enhancing their position in the marketplace. In the U.S., increased investments in marketing products and distribution should increase our sales and margins across all product categories. Though growth in Europe is limited and Russia remains in a recession, we're anticipating improving our market share and positioning ourselves for the future. We're investing in our businesses at the highest rate in history, to expand our product offerings, improve efficiency and increase capacity. Our recent acquisitions have been significantly integrated, and our financial leverage has been reduced. So we can pursue additional opportunities as they become available. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the second quarter is $3.29 to $3.38, which would represent a 22% to 26% increase over 2015, excluding any restructuring charges. Our first quarter performance reflects the positive impact of the investments we have made in the business over the past three years. The incremental capacity increases planned for this year and next will support additional sales of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion across our businesses. Our unique products, marketing and manufacturing position will enhance our operating results going forward. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yeah. The biggest changes in raw material are in our North American segment. Presently, the raw materials, we're assuming for the year, are going to remain about stable, given where we see the markets and the flow-through of the costs. Our mix in the cat in this segment is improving, but, at the same time, our average selling prices are coming down. As at the same time, the commodity prices have declined as the industry has passed through the raw material costs. Even with that, our margins are expected to increase from operational improvement and new product initiatives.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: No. What we were trying to make sure we got across is that: we have absorbed the acquisitions to levels where we're doing normal incremental improvements; that the CapEx, where we've identified more of the normal projects that are in the basis and we're executing those; that the leverage has improved; that low interest rates are enabling financing of additional projects at low rates; and we believe the management and the balance sheet can take on more of both. And we're aggressively looking for them and we didn't want you to get surprised if we found more of them as we go through the year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't see anything that's going to dramatically change the trend. The investments we're putting in are trying to drive more of it. There's a timing issue between when we put them in and when they actually occur. And then, whatever happens to the markets happens and we'll adjust to it as we see it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Well, listen, I'm going to try to give you a really high level which I gave in the thing I did before, but I'll try to summarize it for you. The $600 million is invested across almost the business. The major projects include a ceramic increase in the U.S. Mexico, Europe and Russia we're increasing capacity in all of the markets. We have plans to expand our LVT, wood, and premium laminate capacity in the U.S. and Europe. And we are expanding our polyester for both our carpet and rugs. I mean, those are the big high-level pieces.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's no way for me to answer the question. There's so many numerous projects with all kinds of different timeframes in them. So and I'll give you examples on extreme. The new equipment that we're putting into our ceramic business in Europe is replacing old equipment. It's going in. We have trained people to do it. The market is there for it. So we shut down stuff. We put it in almost immediately. And almost immediately, it starts running close to what we expect. On the other extreme, we're putting in an LVT plant that's coming up now. It's new equipment that's never been run. It's new technology that's untested. There are ideas that were put in it that haven't been utilized before. And then, you find out something and it takes you six months or more to get a new piece of equipment to replace whatever idea you had to improve it. And so, it could take a year and a half to get it optimized, or more, and you have all of the above.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: One other thing in optimizing the pieces, depends on what it is and how much capacity, it could take multiple years to utilize the capacity. So not only do you have the learning curve of going through it, it depends on the marketplace and what it is and what kind of step-change we've made in the capacity of the business, and what's going on, in the market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: That's correct. And then what we said is, we expect the margins this year to be incrementally better, but not at as a high a rate as they were last year. And then at the same time, don't forget as you're investing, there is also incremental inflation going on. Labor rates are going up. Insurance is going up. All these other things you're having the offset take away from it, in addition.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So we don't get that granular in the information. The margins with IVC were good when we bought them. The opportunities were to leverage their knowledge in pieces across the rest of the business and to put more investment in the business to grow their different categories. Immediately, they have helped us increase the productivity of our LVT plant in Europe. And you'll hear us that we've already announced to build another one. It'll take a year and a half to get up and going, so most of the opportunity becomes from expanding the business. They were operating fairly efficiently before we got there.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our business in laminate, as we've always said, it's focused on the mid to high range of the business. Our laminate business is driven by bringing innovation to the marketplace that's differentiated. And we have led the industry in the next generations of innovation for the last 20 years. At this point, we're introducing new products that are higher style that take different equipment to make them. We have a different position in the visual looks as well as the length of planks we're changing as well as water-resistance technology. And for people interested in higher value and the best product in the marketplace, there is nothing to compare with ours. And we are expanding the sales of those businesses, even though laminate's under pressure, the higher end. And with our differentiation, we're gaining share in the marketplaces as those categories expand and people want to have better-looking products.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure exactly your question, because we really don't participate in the bottom commodity part of the business. Our assets are made to take on complexity and create differentiated looks, not to make commodity products.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't give out granular detail by product. To give you something as a long-term direction, we talked about the investments we have. We have three plants that are some of the biggest and most productive in the world. We're adding two lines to them. When we get all our capacity in, we'll have over $1 billion worth of LVT capacity in our organization, which I don't think there is anybody close to anywhere in the world.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think we're in the same position. We felt the markets were going to be reasonably good. We thought that our position in the markets were at the best it's ever been. We came in expecting to invest in all the pieces. And I think the biggest change is that these acquisitions take a while to get through and to assimilate in the business. And what you don't want to do is exceed the organization's ability to execute. And so the biggest change is the speed at which the organization has assimilated these things, and I think the organization can take on more than I thought it could six months ago.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't think we have that detailed information in front of us. I think what we keep explaining is that these investment we've been making aren't to look at. The investments are to increase our productivity. We have very strict strategies about return on investment and hurdles they have to overdo, on one side. On the other side, the margins we're getting is because we're also investing in equipment that allows us to differentiate the products in the marketplace and get higher premiums. We talked already a little bit about the laminate business. We're investing in our older equipment in our ceramic business to make bigger sizes and smaller sizes, which most of our competitors don't have the capability. And so, these investments are helping the mix, as well as the costs in all the different categories. And again, like I said, if we can find more of them, we'll do them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It's still the slowest part of the different channels. The new construction and the commercial were better. Everything we read tells us that the consumers' going to spend more money on remodeling this year than before, all the projections we're seeing from others. We have not seen a huge upswing from the historical trends. We're still seeing the same trends we saw in the past quarters, but there is the potential that they improve significantly. And we would sure enjoy it, if it happened.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't have that detail here either. Off the top of my head, I would think that the ceramic business has the highest percentage of commercial in the segment. It would be the highest. And the lowest would be the laminate and wood businesses in that segment, because they tend to have limited amounts in the commercial business in both categories, which would leave the carpet business somewhere in between.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of our internal investments, when fully executed, tend to be between two and four years. And most of the acquisitions tend to be more in the five year plus or minus ranges.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Our internal reinvestments, if they don't meet our hurdle rates, we won't invest in them unless it's something you have to have just to maintain the business. And so we have processes that we go through that say if they don't reach these rates, we're not going to utilize our money to go after it and find something else – and tends to be the fastest things are replacing existing equipment, because the risks are very low and you know that they're going to operate at fairly high levels as soon as you do them. On the other extreme, probably the difference between putting in new capacity in new product categories and something you own, what happens is it takes a longer time to build up the sales on the front-end, so you have the cost and the learning curve on the front-end without enough volume. So those tend to be a little longer, but the difference is the returns in the first year or two are lower, but when you get out to year five and six, they're much higher than the acquisitions as you go through. And then the acquisitions are all over the place. If you buy a really good business, you're going to have lower returns. If you buy one that's in difficulty, you're supposed to have better returns as you change the strategies within the business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we've already done it in multiple occasions. For instance, we're one of the largest countertop distributors in the country today. And we got into it because we started out with ceramic flooring. Then we went to stone flooring, then the next adjacency over was stone countertops. Hence, we moved into it. So, the countertop business is an adjacency we've already moved into. We get the largest benefit out of buying things that are in the categories we're in that we can leverage our knowledge and marketing and distribution across the new business, and we get the least synergies out of going into something that's brand new. As we get further from where we are and we've done it when we moved from carpet to ceramic or ceramic to laminate or laminate to vinyl, what you see is, that when you see us move into the categories, we normally start by buying the best competitor in the marketplace. And the reason is we're buying the knowledge of the category as well as the business. And we start with the best. And then what we try to do it is feed it additional capital and try to see if there is other synergies between how we operate businesses, the information systems, the methodologies. And those things create more benefit. And then, as long as we're staying in things that go through the same customers and channels, we can actually pull their products into our channels and vice versa as we go through. The extent past there is going into totally new geographies. And we've gone into them both ways. We've gone into them Greenfield. And we've gone into them by buying what we perceive to be typically best-of-class in the category, too. On the other hand, we break our own rules. When we got Marazzi, we got a ceramic business in Europe that was performing horribly. And we put in a new management group in that and made that work. So, I think the only thing you can say about our strategy is we have the capacity to work in all types of environments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: You're beyond my known horizon. I can tell you that if I can find enough things to invest and the things that I have is core knowledge basis, I would prefer that over others. For me to go into the other ones, something that we don't know, we're going to have to find the right candidate that gives us the right knowledge base, and we have to be a strong base in what we do to do that, we would consider it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The biggest pieces of them are in expanding the sales force in order to get to more customers. And up until the point we said that our goal was to increase the margins and we were getting leverage out of it, we said last year, we're going to move from driving leveraging it to increase the margins to driving expansion, which we said we were going to do through expanding the sales forces, putting more investments in samples, putting more investments in displays in stores, and putting out more product categories and more differentiated products, which we would believe should help our business, margins, and market shares.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're actually in the middle of expanding Pergo into the LVT and to laminate and engineered wood in different categories. And then we are looking at finding the right partners and distribution channels to do that, and we're at various stages throughout the year in implementing those things.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Just to make a note, Pergo is the most known brand in the flooring industry. So utilizing it and optimizing it across different product categories, we think is a big opportunity.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, you're clever. You're trying to get to give you future estimates beyond the one quarter I gave you. I think that we're going to see a good year in the category. We've said that we think that it's going to be the trends of the industry will be similar to last year. You said it right. The biggest opportunity is for the remodeling business to increase, because the big upside there is not only is it more volume, the mix of the products are higher and they're higher margin. So, those are opportunities to go there. I think all things are in place to increase our mix, our margins as we go through. And I think what we've said is we anticipate the incremental increase in margins to be slightly less than they were last year. It gets harder and harder to keep pushing up the margins. And the sales we'll get to see with you when they happen.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I have an answer that's easy for you. I mean, you're right. At the size we're at, 5% of $8 billion is $400 million to grow 5% a year. We're putting in capacity for multiple years as well as going into new product categories, which takes further. So, I mean, if you say you're going to grow at these rates for time, it requires these investments to do it, and we're putting them in ahead in order to support it. How much we're going to take in share or not, I don't really know how to answer the question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure I know all those numbers off the top of my head. I think in the U.S., it's probably in the 7%, 8% range today. We think it's going to grow mid-teens as a category. So, the 7% or 8% in dollars would be about $1.4 billion maybe today. And you can figure $200 million a year, 15% give or take. So there is a lot of requirements as it's growing. The difference in it and laminate, for instance, it's in every market and every category where laminate wasn't. And we'll get to see how far it grows over time. As you can tell from our position, we think we have leading technology in the manufacturing of it. We think we have unique knowledge in the style and design of it, which we get from both our ceramic and laminate and wood businesses that we already have. And so, we're positioning ourselves to be a leader in it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Let's see. I think the Russian market has probably declined 35% in total since the thing started down. Our business is up, and so we're taking share from somebody. Some of it's coming from imported products that have gotten close to disappearing from the marketplace, which at one point were a large part. I would guess our share is probably somewhere in the 15% share as we start. Our strategy in Russia is we are focused on the mid to high end part of the marketplace. We have the only brand in Russia. We have owned distribution across Russia. We have about 300 and something franchise stores across Russia, which we own about 15%, 20% of. So we're well-positioned in the high end part of the marketplace, and we think we can keep exploiting it. We're basically running all our capacity. And then we're putting in new capacity this year that actually makes a higher level of product that historically would have come out of Italy. And our intention is to become the premium supplier of it. And that's where we are. And we think it is a good opportunity if the market ever turns around, we'll be in really good shape. And the negative at the time, though, is our margins are declining as we're driving our business through the market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What you see is the total. So what you're really seeing is higher investments in certain categories offset by continued leverage in other ones. So presently, it's about flat. As we go through the year, you should see some improvement in it, even though we've been increasing others. So we expect the investments to level out and get some benefit from them as we go through the year, but you still have large parts of the business that are decreasing those costs as a percent of sales.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes in both, in all categories. So let's talk about when my ceramic business in North America. I am selling basically all I can make. I am supplementing it with product out of my other manufacturing regions. We have a new plant coming up. And so we think that the ceramic industry could grow this year in North America 5%, 6%, could be more or less. And it takes about a year and a half from the time you start the project to get the capacity up. So what you see is our investments are supporting the things a year, a year and a half out or more. If we don't invest now, we won't have it then.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The business that we're putting on the wall is mostly ceramic tile. And ceramic wall tile is expanding. There is a trend in the marketplace to put decorative walls using various surfaces from wood, to laminate, to ceramic on the walls as we go through. It's a trend that's just starting. We think it's going to continue expanding. And we're trying to figure out how to push the strategy even faster with people decorating the pieces in there. There are some new technologies in ceramic to make really large wall spaces out of ceramic, for instance, could be a new opportunity down the road. Any of the product categories we make could be used as decorative pieces, but not as coverings over 100% of the walls.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: It will be. When you start getting to create new markets and new things, they take a while to mature. So, when you go into new products, it doesn't happen overnight.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We had a good quarter. We think we're well-positioned for the future. And we are trying to take advantage of all the opportunities we can identify. And we appreciate you joining us. Have a good day.
