Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thank you, Jim. Mohawk's performance in the first quarter exceeded our expectations. Sales in the quarter rose to an all-time record of $3 billion, up 13% as reported or approximately 17% on a constant currency and days basis. Our sales momentum continued from the fourth quarter, reflecting higher pricing, growth in our ceramic businesses, an improving commercial sector and benefit from our small acquisitions. Our operating income exceeded our forecast as strength in the global ceramic business offset rising European energy costs, improved operational efficiencies, enhanced Flooring North America's results and our management of European market pressures benefited Flooring Rest of the World. During the quarter, we ran our operations at high levels in most markets to address order backlogs and replenish inventory. During the past year, rapid cost escalations have required multiple pricing actions to pass through. We've implemented these unprecedented increases across our markets and have also announced additional increases across the businesses as inflation continues to rise. We're also controlling SG&A spending, enhancing operational efficiencies and introducing new features. Labor shortages persist, requiring enhanced training programs and process improvements to minimize impacts. Supply chain issues continued through the quarter, impacting specific products and markets. We manage material shortages by re-engineering products, streamlining our SKUs and improving production planning. Market conditions for flooring remain favorable, even as governments raise interest rates to combat inflation. Employment is at high levels and wages are increasing in most of our markets. Millions of millennials in their late 20s and early 30s are forming households and desire homeownership. Unlike past cycles, U.S. home housing inventory is historically low. More single-family homes are under construction, and the home deficit will take years to align supply with demand. New residential construction will continue at high levels and delayed 2021 home construction will increase flooring purchases this year. Remodeling should remain strong, supported by rising home equity and buyers of existing homes completing long-term projects they've initiated over the past few years. Aging housing stock and changing needs of those working from home also expand property updates. We continue to introduce differentiated products that inspire remodeling projects as families customize recently acquired homes. Commercial new construction and remodeling continues to strengthen as business conditions improve and projects that were delayed due to COVID are initiated. Our commercial products create inviting environments for businesses, and we are deploying appealing new collections to capture pent-up commercial demand. In some markets, our growth in the quarter was limited by inventory and production constraints. We are executing multiple expansion projects so that we can satisfy demand for our higher growth products, create innovative new features and improve operational efficiencies. The categories that we are expanding include U.S. laminate, LVT and quartz countertops; European laminate, high-end porcelain slabs and specialty products; and ceramic tile in Brazil and Mexico. Our recent bolt-on acquisitions in Europe are enhancing our growing insulation and panels businesses. Sales of products remained strong and our design and features we're bringing to the market give us competitive advantages in all price points. Against the background of geopolitical tensions and rising inflation, Mohawk has continued to deliver sales growth, generate strong cash flow and maintain historically low leverage. Given the undervaluation of our stock relative to our earnings, our Board approved an additional $500 million share repurchase program in February. We acquired 2.1 million shares during the first quarter for a total of $307 million. Since the start of 2020, we've acquired 8.5 million shares, representing 12% of the outstanding balance, reflecting our confidence in Mohawk's long-term growth and profitability. Our strong balance sheet provides many alternatives for investments, including product extensions, geographic expansion, acquisitions and further stock buybacks. Since becoming a public company, Mohawk has completed many transformational and bolt-on acquisitions, and we continue to explore additional options. Finally, I'm pleased that Jerry Burris has joined our Board of Directors. Jerry is the President and CEO of Midwest Can Company, and he brings unique strengths in business strategy and operations to our Board. Now Jim will cover our first quarter financial results in more detail.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Thanks, Chris. Four months into 2022, we remain cautiously optimistic about industry growth this year despite inflation and interest rate pressures. We've announced additional price increases in most of our products and markets as inflation continues to rise. Housing supply is historically low and rising mortgage rates are spurring families to purchase homes sooner. Remodeling should be supported by continued existing home sales, higher home equity and the upgrading of homes purchased over the past 2 to 3 years. We anticipate the commercial sector will continue its rebound with people returning to pre-pandemic routines. We expect improvements in the supply of constrained materials which should increase our production levels. Our capital investments when completed will relieve specific capacity constraints and increase our offering. This year, we are focused on optimizing our mix and margins by limiting the impact of inflation through price increases, controlling our spending and initiating additional productivity actions, which should increase in our year-over-year earnings per share. Given these factors, we anticipate our second quarter adjusted EPS to be $4.25 to $4.35, excluding any restructuring charges. We have confidence in the long-term future of our business despite near-term uncertainties. Globally, there is a structural deficit for housing that will take years to satisfy and we should benefit from strong long-term trends in new home construction, residential remodeling and commercial projects. Our brands are the most recognized in flooring and provide a comprehensive product portfolio that includes the industry's strongest collection of sustainable products. We are making it easier for our customers to grow their business through leading digital tools that generate customer leads, simplify ordering and expedite deliveries. Through the innovation of our talented team, we continue to lead the industry in design, performance and value. The strength of our balance sheet allows us to pursue both transformational and bolt-on acquisitions that complement our business. Over the next 3 to 5 years, these advantages should enhance Mohawk's sales and margin expansion. We'll now be glad to take your questions.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: There is some trading down going on in the various markets. As you increase prices, some people have budgets and it requires them to reduce the quality of the product. That is occurring in different pieces. It's probably more in the middle. The bottom end of the market, there's not much place to go. And the top end, the people are not squeezed. So there is some of that coming. We think the industry will remain at high levels with volumes, with increases in average selling prices. We anticipate seasonality return to normal versus prior year, the last year or so and inflation slowing. We also anticipate the U.S. dollar strengthening and negatively impacting our translated results this year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Listen, we always try to improve the mix. In certain cases where, just like our European ceramic business, on purpose, we have limited the sales of the low end given the rising inflation and pushed it up, which also helped our margins in our ceramic business. And the goal each year is to introduce new products to enhance the mix of the business and help us improve the margins.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The operations, many of them were disrupted by materials and it includes LVT and sheet vinyl in the U.S. and Europe, our laminate business, our panel business, and some of the others are all by material, lack of materials. There was also COVID restrictions in Australia and New Zealand. We had delays in imported products. As we went through the quarter, all the impacts reduced. We think the second quarter will be substantially better.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: As we look forward, we're cautiously optimistic about what's going to happen this year despite the rising inflation, the interest rates. And given our international business, the strengthening dollar will reduce the translation of the pieces. Our basis is starting as the GDP will to continue to grow though at a lower rate. We see higher pricing continuing and continuing to raise it with increasing material costs. And we see that the availability of materials is going to help us increase. We mentioned before that the commercial will continue improving and we've announced other increases to cover the costs that we're chasing. The other thing that's going to benefit us going forward is this repurchase stock we've done will continue to increase the EPS. And just as a note while we're talking, the seasonality of the business, the Q2 is our strongest period of the year. And then Q3 is impacted by European vacations. Some of the models don't put that in. And then the fourth quarter is typical with holidays and lower than the third quarter.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: When you look at last year, the first half of the year, we went into the year and the industry was, the inventory in the channels were really low. The capacities were constrained. But what happened is, we shipped a lot in the first half of the year seasonally high. So the comps in the first half are harder than normal. And then in the second half, it should normalize and then we should see the comps get easier versus last year.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see how we answer that one. The first quarter performance, you're right, the sales increased 12% on a constant basis, primarily due to pricing actions. And you're right, the LVT and laminate had strong sales momentum while the carpet business was weaker with the channels adjusting inventory as well as more normalization of the share of the different products. The strategies that we're implementing over the last couple of years with all the changes we've made are improving our sales and service, reducing our costs. And then we continue to, our laminate business has been limited by our capacities. In our LVT, we've been expanding the production rates that we're at. We've been importing more to satisfy it and then we're starting up this new plant to get it. If you look in our Q, you can look at different product categories and will just show you in broad terms the volume in the different categories by product category.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We also have in the first quarter to the Chinese and the Asian shutdown. So people build inventories before it, which all show up in the first quarter, which are shipped in the fourth quarter coming in. But I think we're growing as fast or faster than the marketplace.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: What happened in the fall of last year and before, our customers were taking everything they could due to the timing of the shipments, which was unpredictable. So if there was any availability, they were taking it. And most of them increased their warehouses in order to put it, in order to have more consistent supply. Over the last few months, we've been able to get the inventories and the service levels back almost to where they were prior to pre-pandemic levels so they don't require the same inventory levels to operate their business was the point.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So the volume is all dependent on how many houses they build, and it looks like it's going to be a good year. It looks like there were a lot of homes that were started last year that extended in their completion dates. So flooring tends to be the last thing in them. So that should also help.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Flooring is a significant disruption to somebody's home. So typically, they are larger projects. And again, when people do move, there tend to be significant changes in the flooring that goes in the home. Now it all doesn't get done on Day 1. So it takes usually a period of years for people to, when they buy a home, to upgrade it, which means there should be a lot of pent-up demand from the last 2 or 3 years of really high existing home sales. So if existing home sales slow down, you should have this demand left over that everybody is still remodeling from the last few years because most people don't have the money to do it all at once or the inclination.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The other part people talk about is up to now people wanted to do projects and the labor was really restricted. So I don't know how much has been postponed because the labor wasn't available.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: It hasn't happened like this before because usually, if you want to make a change in it, you know it's coming, you anticipate it and you look for other alternatives. Usually, the change time takes months because you're running this thing at close to 2,000 degrees and very small changes affect the flatness of the product and quality of the product. And then you have to make multiple tests and then test it up. So you usually go through a very systematic method of changeover. Presently, depending upon where people are, they're not going to have that option if they have low inventories. And we know what happened with some competitors is they actually reduced their production already. Now how long it's going to take each one of them to react to it, I can't answer. I can tell you that with our worldwide views, we're looking all over the world, and we have tests going on for the last month to all different products and categories, and we think we're advantaged by that.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Well, let's start out, we're really concerned and saddened by what's going on there and the actions of Russia. It's a huge humanitarian crisis. Our European team is supporting our Ukrainian employees. We're providing aid to refugees in Poland as we go through. We have suspended new investments there. We've reduced the spending. We're following all sanctions in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: The export business is a very limited portion of the business that like most of our businesses, they're all set up to satisfy the local markets. So we don't export much. It's good.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: So let's just sort of focus on where the growth is. The expansion projects are in areas where we have capacity constraints existing and/or the sales of the product categories are expanding. So if you start and look through the different pieces, in the U.S., we're expanding the laminate business. In the laminate business, we have a new line going in, and it's already sold up and committed. And it's growing in market share as it becomes a substitute, an equal substitute for LVT and wood. The LVT, we are increasing our production. We're sourcing a lot of product. And so if it slows down, we can reduce the amount of sourced products. In quartz countertops, we are oversold in our U.S. plant. We're importing products there. So if this slows down as we put it in, we can reduce the amount of imports there as we go through. But the quartz countertop and LVT businesses are also growing rapidly. That's it. In Europe, we've reached the capacity of our laminate production, and it's not coming in until the end of next year. So again, we're growing our share in it. So we may have to slow it down for a little bit in the transition if things slow down, but we need it. The porcelain slabs we're putting in, again, we are oversold and sourcing products from it. And then we're spending money to be able to change the mix within the plants in Europe to upgrade the quality of the products and make more specialized pieces, which will help our mix and margins. And then finally, the ceramic in Brazil is, I mean, we've been oversold for over a year, and we need to expand the capacity there. In Mexico, we've already put in the expansion and it's being utilized. So beyond those things, the major pieces are all in either bringing new product features to market or into cost reduction. So I think we've made the right decisions. Whether we can use it all as fast as we hoped or not, as you hear, a lot of the stuff is, we're sourcing or not. And whatever the market is, we'll have to adjust to it.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: In the LVT, there is more U.S. production being made because of the logistics problems that go along with it. So we think we're well positioned there, and it's the right thing to do. I forgot the rest of your question to tell you the truth.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Most of the other product categories, the inventories haven't gotten to the same level for the industry as the carpet has. We think carpet is approaching more normalized levels. The other ones are not quite there yet.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let me start and I'll let Jim fill in where I miss. Going into the year, we knew that there's a potential for the industry and volumes to change. So we went into the year trying to optimize the SG&A spend. We have good controls everywhere. We are still investing in new products, but we're trying to control the costs and spending and make sure that we're putting it in the right places. And just good controls through the business. We think that the other side of it is, the top line is growing because of material and energy inflation. And we don't have to, the SG&A doesn't have the same, the inflation is there, but it's not as high as the product. So in general, with that, you're going to have a lower SG&A cost as the two inflate at different rates.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Just one other piece is, too, with all the inflation, it's hard to get the normal margin on top of the inflation. So you have in reverse of that same trend, you're not getting all of the normal margin on the material and energy inflation.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Last year, we moved a lot of money from out of Russia because we had generated a lot of cash and we didn't need the cash that we had there. So we took out the cash prior to all of this.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Yes. So we are seeing continued improvement in the commercial. It's led by the government, workplace and health care sectors presently. We're starting to see more activity in the areas that still are way behind like travel, hospitality and retail. There's starting to be some more activity in those. Across all the commercial things, there was a lot of projects postponed during COVID, and we see some of those things being initiated. So we see continued improvement as far as we can see presently in the commercial side of.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: Let's see. The marketplace has increased prices more. I keep connecting it to the Ukrainian clay because we were and are disadvantaged among some competitors, not all, with our gas. And it still exists today. We are advantaged in the clay, which helped us, but the clay also reduced the production, which also made people more aggressive in raising or the marketplace in raising prices. So we were able to capture more price than we thought. And in addition to that, we were able to push our mix up at the same time because the lowest margin products we have had the most percent of cost increase. So we pushed more into the better quality products, all of which gave us different results than we had expected.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: I hope you can appreciate that with, just take Europe, the amount of price increase we've put through, the announcement of other price increases, it's really difficult for us to tell what is going through to the customer and what is changing in their inventories, which is why we said there was a possibility that they pulled forward some of their purchases. We can't tell the difference between the inventories in the channel and the customer purchases.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We have the same thesis you do. The housing is still running at high levels. The flooring is the last thing to go into it. Typically, it takes anywhere from 6 to 18 months to build the house. So we're still seeing good demand in the housing piece. The existing home sales do influence, as we talked earlier about, the change in replacement. But again, like we said, it goes in phases. So we still see the demand coming from existing homes over the last 2 years, which have been really high, continuing. And then the commercial part of the business is on an upswing, and we don't see anything stopping yet at the moment.
Jeffrey Lorberbaum: We are confident that we are taking the right steps to manage the short term and that we're in a good position for the long term. We're investing to maximize our business and cover the constrained areas and expand the growing product categories, and we think we're in good shape. We appreciate you joining us and thank you for participating.
James Brunk: And then what I would say from a cost perspective, we know it impacted us about $9 million in the quarter, but the sales loss is really hard to estimate.
James Brunk: And you'll see, Keith, the laminate wood and resilient categories certainly did grow and also supported by a stronger commercial business.
James Brunk: As you look at the seasonality, Mike, the other things to consider in terms of our projection, we're taking into account the pace of inflation, the pricing that we're implementing. Remember, Jeff's earlier comment on the comps in the first half. So the sales expansion in the first half of the year should be mostly driven by sales price increases, where the second half of the year we would expect some normalization of price versus volume, all things considered what we know today.
James Brunk: Yes. The other point on the seasonality, as Jeff just pointed out, is our FX exposure, especially to the euro from a cost standpoint. Last year, in the second quarter, the euro was approaching $1.20, $1.21. As you've seen recently, it's fallen to below $1.06 to $1.05 even. So that will have an impact on our translated results.
James Brunk: Truman, the focus really is on the sales, the marketing, the product side to try to advantage us as we move forward. We keep very strict controls certainly on the administrative side. We'll continue to see that trend continue. We'll gain leverage against the sales increase. And we expect the year-over-year percentage of sales to be lower versus last year.
James Brunk: Yes. Yes. So as you're now growing it all the way to the top line, you're doing it more in line with volume.
James Brunk: Yes. And Truman, if you think about what we said before is that from Q1 to Q2, we expect some improvement in that net impact, energy versus price mix. Q3, again, should be closer to kind of parity and then Q4 to be cost advantage. Now everything has risen so we had to do more pricing because, to your point, the energy cost has increased. So everything has increased, but the story is really the same in terms of our outlook.
James Brunk: Russia itself is pretty much self-contained. So basically, their cash flow supports their local business.
William Wellborn: Well, as you mentioned, Ukrainian clay is widely used in Europe, and we did increase our inventories. I think we can have a sustainable advantage in this area because, one, we have a good supply for the transition. And we have really good R&D resources and logistics resources working on alternatives. And I think we'll have an advantage versus many companies going forward.
William Wellborn: Well, we were able to take pricing. And we do believe that there was some early buy-in to those price increases. We don't really have a good judge as to just how much that volume was, but I would anticipate there was some prebuy.
William Wellborn: No. I'd just add to that, Michael, that especially in Spain and Italy, but all Europe uses Ukrainian clay mostly for particular products at the high end. And so everybody is going to be, the anticipation is that everybody is going to lose that supply of Ukrainian clay and everybody is going to have to substitute. The amount we have gives us a longer time to transition, and we think there's alternatives, not just for us, but the industry to replace Ukrainian clay.
William Wellborn: It's going to be harder for a smaller company to do all that research and have the logistics to change it for one. And the other thing, Ukrainian clay is most important for high-end products. And for a company that has a broad range of products, it's going to have a less impact than if you're a small player just doing premium.
William Wellborn: Well, just on the, we're talking about taking share in ceramic. You've got import pricing has increased given energy and transportation, ocean freights causing delays and increasing cost, and then our domestic manufacturing is well positioned and our commercial demand is growing.
William Wellborn: Well, I'll just comment. The team over there is taking extraordinary steps to adapt to this inflationary environment. The sales and margins in the quarter were higher than we anticipated. The net impact of energy was $26 million, and we had anticipated it to be worse at $40 million to $45 million. So I would say we've done a really good job in implementing those price increases.
William Wellborn: I think the other thing is that the inventories have been low in the channel. So you saw customers going in to fill in those inventories.
