Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the third quarter Mohawk delivered record earnings and EPS were sales growing approximately 7%. Our business outside the United States experienced the strongest revenue growth as economies of those countries expanded. In the period, we overcame rising material cost disruptions from hurricanes and reduced pattern revenues. Our price in mix continue to improve as we enhanced our product offering with unique designed and differentiated features. To recovery material inflation, we implemented enterprise-wide pricing actions this year. And with productivity and mix we cover a higher cost earlier than we expected this quarter. Our many operational initiatives and process improvements resulted in significant productivity gains of approximately $49 million and we incurred $8 million of start-up cost in our results. For the full year, we are investing $900 million to optimize long-term results by entering new product categories, extending our reach into new geographies and facilitating growth in our existing businesses. These projects include ceramic expansions in Mexico, Russia, Italy and Poland additional premium laminate, engineered wood, rug and polyester carpet capacity in the United States and increased premium laminate capacity in Europe and Russia. Our investment will satisfy increasing demand for our products as well as introduced state-of-the-art manufacturing technology to further our position as the industry's innovation leader. During 2018, in the United States we will launch production of rigid LVT as well as quartz countertops. In Europe, we will enter the rigid LVT carpet tile and porcelain countertop business. And in Russia, we will open a manufacturing plant to participate in the large sheet vinyl market. Our strong financial position allows us to aggressively grow through both internal investments and acquisitions. This year we've completed four acquisitions that broadened our product offering and enhanced our manufacturing advantages. Combined all of these initiatives will allow us to drive our long-term profitability and outperform the market. With our strong management team and balance sheet, we are well positioned to continue our extraordinary performance of the last five years. In the United States job creation has been solid throughout the year and consumer sentiment remains positive. The U.S. economy and housing market continues to grow at a more measured pace even with the disruption of September's hurricane. Single family housing starts are growing a multi-family construction is contracting this year. The October National Homebuilders Association showed builder confidence rising to the highest levels since spring. Remodeling trends are projected remain strong in recovery in Florida and Texas regions, will fuel substantial renovation and rebuilding. The October architectural building index shows positive commercial and institutional building trends in most of the country with a slight softening in the west. Outside the United States, the international monetary fund has increased this forecast for economic growth in Europe and in Russia through 2018. Now Chris Wellborn, our President and Chief Operating Officer, will provide you an overview of our segments performance during the third quarter.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. In the fourth quarter we anticipate that the business will improve as we benefit from innovative new products, increased volume and the performance of our recent acquisitions. We expect higher sales with the release of some of our capacity constraints enabling us to expand our market position. During the period, we will absorb higher start-up cost estimated at $15 million, our results as new operations come online. The destructions caused by the hurricanes in the U.S. should diminish as those markets begin their recovery. Greater productivity, better product mix and price changes should improve our fourth quarter results overcoming the reductions from our expired patents. Taking all this into account, our EPS guidance for the first quarter is $3.25 to $3.34 excluding any one-time charges. We are leveraging our strong financial position to invest in the business at record levels expanding our capacity in most categories, broadening our product portfolios and entering new markets. The four acquisitions we have completed are enhancing our results and further our global strategy. Next year, start-up cost and marketing investments of our new operations will vary quarter-to-quarter, as we expand our business into new products and geographies with many of the benefits in future years as our utilization increases. Our organization's ability to maximize internal investments and execute acquisitions around the world will deliver greater long-term growth and profitability. We will now be glad to take your questions.
Jeff Lorberbaum: Thank you very much for joining us. We think we're well positioned for next year and beyond. We're putting investments in to drive the business and profitability long-term. And we're really interested in the long-term growth and there is going to be more variation quarter-to-quarter with the all the aggressive actions we're taking. Thank you for joining us.
