Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you, Frank. Mohawk's performance benefited from strategic acquisitions, new investments in sales and operations and improved manufacturing logistics. The U.S. residential and commercial flooring markets have improved throughout 2015 with hard surface sales growing faster. Looking to the fourth quarter, we anticipate the U.S. economy will continue its gradual growth. We expect year-over-year margin growth to continue in all segments, as a result of our strategies and acquisitions. We are selectively increasing our SG&A relative to sales to optimize future market share. Our recent acquisitions are being integrated into our businesses and are positively impacting our earnings. The costs associated with new plant startups, interruption of our board production and four fewer days will be absorbed in the period. Taking all these factors into account, our guidance for the fourth quarter is $2.66 to $2.75 per share, which will be a 17% to 21% increase over 2014, excluding any restructuring charges. Our fourth quarter earnings guidance would have been approximately $0.15 per share higher on a constant exchange rate relative to last year. Our view for next year is that the U.S. and European economic growth will remain stable with Russia facing continuing headwinds. We anticipate each of our segments will expand sales and margins from acquisitions, marketing initiatives and productivity improvement. We will continue higher levels of capital investments to enhance our product offerings, expand our capacity and grow our margins. Next year our total interest expense should decline $25 million to $30 million with a redemption of our 2016 bonds, rising interest rates and no additional acquisitions. In 2016 we expect that foreign exchange rates will be a headwind and our tax rate will increase to 25% to 26% as our geographic earnings change. Our balance sheet can support significant additional capital investments and acquisitions to further improve our results. We'll now be glad to take any questions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The majority of the difference came in the Flooring North American segment. There was about a $29 million benefit from changes in material costs, labor, SG&A and energy, partially offset by price mix and sales investments.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: When we came out of the downturn, I mean we were doing everything possible to reduce our expenses and drive our profit margins up. And then we started expand – moving from that to investing at a normalized level with the businesses. In the last quarter or maybe a little before, we started changing that and investing even more. And we've made a decision that instead of lowering the SG&A percentage that we're going to invest more in it in these expanding sales forces, most of which was in the United States. We're investing more in products and merchandising. We're increasing the hard surface sales forces as we've added more vinyl to the group as we go through. In ceramic, we talked about increasing distribution points, design centers to keep pushing those forward. Our Mexican business is doing well. We're adding sales people in it. In Russia, the market is down, but we're going to go ahead and invest more to take advantage of our position in the marketplace in a declining market. We estimate in the third quarter that the investment is about $13 million, and we're going to continue investing going forward. The result of that's going to be instead of the SG&A percent going down next year, it's going to end up flat, but it's going to start higher and improve throughout the year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: My guess is that the flooring industry is probably growing around 4%, maybe closer to 5%, depends on where you go going forward. I don't know – none of us know exactly where it's going to end up. And then, you have to keep remembering our business is now much bigger than just the U.S. business. So, about a third of it is around the world in different places and the economies are in all different shapes, depending upon where we are, but we're optimizing our positions in the ones that are having trouble as well as the ones that are doing well.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think that we're a very unusual company, that we have the ability to acquire businesses and maintained the businesses that they – we attract good ones. We can go into new geographies or new product categories and maintain and improve the businesses. So I think we are very well-positioned with that. That allows us to look at both new geographies and or new products, both within geographies we're in as well as new ones. And we've proven we can do it in all of them. When we look at acquisitions, because of that, we can enhance ones more that are in geographies we're already in, because you can leverage the strength of both businesses. However, by going into new geographies, you'll tend to see us when we go into new places to buy the best businesses, because we're buying the management as much as we're buying the business isn't that (34:10). And then once we get that, we then take a different strategy of how to expand it either through greenfield or through other acquisitions around it. I think that gives us a very strong platform to grow, and we're really not focused on any particular marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The only thing that I guess you would see is that the homebuilders and some of the remodelers are struggling with getting labor to execute their strategies as much, which then backs up to us. If there's more opportunity, we're not quite getting those. But in our own particular business, we're able to attract talented people, I think that we're perceived as a business that's growing and offering opportunity. So, we don't see much of it in our own businesses.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So, the improvements are everywhere. We have a theory in our business. We call it halfway there. And it doesn't matter where we are or how good you've gotten or where you are in the business, even if you've just improved it, there's opportunities to move it further and we drive that through the whole business. We start in the fall with a plan of developing strategies and pushing it down through the whole organization, the dissatisfaction with where we are. With that, we combine that with we are investing heavily in the business. This year we'll invest about $500 million in the business which allows us to do more with the structure that we have. And in 2016 we are planning to spend even more. The combination of these things are what's allowing the margins to go up in a difficult market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: All the businesses are competitive. As the raw materials decline there is some give back of raw materials into the marketplace by us and our competitors. There is more of it in the lower end than the higher end, but it happens everywhere as you go through. I forgot the rest of the question.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We don't break out the sales at the levels below the segments. The KIA business has had some increasing competition in Europe, as I discussed before. As the European ceramic suppliers lost business into the Russian market for example, they tried to push the stuff through the marketplace, so that's affecting some of the opening price points. On the other hand, with the business between us, we are upgrading their product mix, we're moving them into new categories they have, we're using our relationships to have them sell product outside the local markets they've been in and we see it as a big opportunity going forward. We've just put in some more capacity into place in order to make higher-end products. So, we're well positioned and we think it will help us both within those markets or using that as a low cost supply into other parts of Europe.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We like the strategy that they have. They have a broad base of business from low, medium to high. They sell based on differentiated products, high service level. We actually make unique products for different customers to differentiate them in the marketplace. We like their strategy, which is why we bought the business, and we're not changing it now.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Listen, it takes time to get new sales people in the field, to have them develop relationships, to have them start moving product into the marketplace. You get some benefit immediately and you get some later. We have increased the amount of sales people across all the pieces I've already reviewed with you. We are spending more on pushing products into the – more distribution of our products into the different marketplaces as we go through. In the residential piece, what you'll see, it probably takes three months to six months to see some of the benefit. In the commercial business it takes much longer, because you have to get into projects and the projects don't get executed, it could be for two years down the road, but we think we're in a good position, and we think it's the right thing to do.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: the Italian business, when we bought it, was a very – I mean they were about breaking even maybe, as they were losing a little money. So, we have really been focused on driving the profitability of the business. With that we've been really controlling the cost. We went through – we're finishing the second phase of replacing the equipment. Each of the investments were about $30 million each. Those investments are allowing us to increase our product mix to bring better products to the marketplace. And as we need it, we will incrementally increase the sales force to go with it. We use the two brands as we do in every other place, to be able to get greater penetration in the marketplace and it allows us to satisfy one customer on one part of the street and give differentiated products to the other. With that, we also have different product strategies with each and it goes through all of our businesses and it's one of our strengths, managing multiple brands in the same marketplace.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: On the capacity question, the goal was – and we've actually done it, is to throw out the equipment one piece at a time and put it in. So we don't interrupt the sales that we can. We get through at the first two phases wasn't to try to increase the capacity, but it will probably be up around 5% plus or minus with the first two phases. And then, we haven't started yet but we think there's going to be third investment right behind it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But you also get a top-line impact because you increase the sales dollars per unit by selling higher value products. So that's where a lot of it's coming from.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: One of the things with polyester, on average it could sell for 10% or more/less than an equivalent Nylon product. So, as the industry has moved, you've lost a significant amount of top line revenues in the industry going to lower cost products which decreases the revenues of the entire industry.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not sure. I agree with the first premise that says that most of what we're doing is in Europe. If you recall, Marazzi was the number two provider of ceramic manufacturing in the U.S. Pergo had the biggest part of their business in the U.S. for instance. So as we do the acquisitions of larger businesses, most of them have pieces. IVC was a very large participant in the U.S. vinyl business. So it hasn't been as one-sided even though what's happened is the offices of these companies were not in the United States but they all had big positions in the United States. As we look forward to the piece, we really are not geographic-dependent on the decisions. The question is does the business fit our strategy, does the price we pay give us the returns we want, and what's the long-term value it adds and consistency of the business and what can we do with it and it could be anywhere. However, there are certain areas of the world that it's difficult for U.S. players to play in, meaning they don't play by the same rules we do. And so areas where they don't play by the same rules, some of the things that happen is local companies in our industry don't pay taxes properly, and we do, so we try to stay away from things where there is something inherent about giving us a less than competitive position in the world, so that's a major part of the considerations when we think about different companies.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: IVC was a very well run low cost business. And they had a very defined strategy, which they executed well. The biggest opportunities are to leverage the other relationships we have in the rest of the business to broaden the distribution of their products to continue with adding design capability to the business and expanding the distribution of the businesses. There are opportunities with best practices that we learned from them and they learned from us as we go through. We have the – they had invested – started the investment in a new LVT plant in the United States that's just coming up. So filling up the plant in the United States. They are helping us dramatically speed up the progress of the LVT plant we have in Europe that we were building coming up. And then the question is, are there other geographies or other places to move into LVT and vinyl now that we have a core competence within it and the opportunities as we consider every other product category we have.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: And then the – going through, it's going to take most of next year to get the two LVT plants up where we want them, there was unique technologies that have never been done before, there were things put in them that – to push the limits of the technology. And some of those things to actually optimize them we're going to have to replace and sometimes the equipment can take six months or more just to get, once you decide what you want to do, to execute it. So it will take us throughout most of next year to get the plant capacity up to the level we want in both of them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think what it's going to do is help us in multiple different ways. One is, it's going to help us broaden the distribution of all the pieces. So, by putting them all together, you have the same management sitting on top, that's trying to figure out, how to use the relationships between all the different pieces and drive it. How to use the operational excellence and ideas we have across the business as you go through. How to use the distribution structures as we go through. The combination of all these things, there's a lot of overlap in these hard surfaces, because we have the direct sales forces all reported to the old segment. Now by having them together is one of the reasons we're expanding the sales organizations even more, to push the products through the marketplace as well. It's also going to help us focus on the independent distributors, and bring them more unique products, differentiate them more and expand our distribution there. And then you have just the best practices across the pieces of sharing resources. So, longer-term, they are all incremental pieces, you're not going to see it as one big lump anywhere.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: First of all, remember that we're highly seasonal from quarter-to-quarter, and you can't take one quarter's margin and apply it to the year. So, what we've said is that the margin improvement that we've had, we expect to see continued margin improvement year-over-year, but that doesn't mean that the same margin in the third quarter is the annual margin as we go through. Our expectations are that next year you will continue to see improved margins and improved sales from all the investments and strategies we're putting together. We've spent a lot of time differentiating the products and new innovations that we bring into the marketplace. And I think that our service and quality continues to improve. But I think that we're improving our position in the market.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The Flooring North American sales were up about 4% on a comparable basis. The carpet grew the slowest, and remember that polyesters reducing the average selling price offsetting some of the top-line within it. Our rugs and hard surfaces are growing faster than carpet for – the industry is growing faster and our categories are growing faster. And then with the new IVC, we're putting in new products in our different brands as we go through. And we expect our vinyl sales to increase and fill up the new plant we're just building.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The industry numbers that we have, we think were about flat, with the residential lower and the commercial higher. And our business, our residential business was probably similar. And in the commercial, we said, we have been changing the product line, so we're dropping a higher level of products replacing them, but we're getting huge benefits in the cost and margins.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The carpet industry is competitive. There have been, like you would expect, more pressure on the commodity products than the other, with the raw materials coming down, we've given some of it back. And we'll continue to react to the market and hold our positions.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So, I think the clarification on oil is that in our carpet business, a large part of the materials are from oil. But over time, we've developed two large categories, which are significant to our business. One is recycled polyester, which the majority of our polyester comes from recycled bottles, which doesn't follow exactly the oil prices. The second is that we have our SmartStrand category, which comes from corn, which also follows different ones. Now, they're related in some ways and not related, but they are not directly related. The second is that, besides the improvement in the raw materials, the investments we're making, we're getting huge productivity improvements across the business. And then, we spend a huge amount of effort differentiating our products and bringing new products into the marketplace to improve our mix, relative to the marketplace. Now with that, we have been selling more of the lower priced pieces as something but we still have a much higher mix than the industry average, because of all the merchandising and marketing we do. We are confident that we're going to continue improving our profitability in the business going forward. However, we're going to have to react to market pressures just as in every other category, because we think that we're investing significantly more than most of the industry, and we think we're executing better. So we're quite confident about the direction that we're going and where we're positioned.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We've done a lot of acquisitions in the last two years or three years. We've done significant ones this year. Even with that we generate a huge amount of cash as well as our EBITDA is going up, both paying down debt and increasing our capacity. With those things, we have the balance sheet to invest significantly more in internal capital as well as acquisitions if we find the right businesses at the right values. And we're aggressively looking for those things. However, we're only going to do it if we like the returns on the investment and the risk levels.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We have different sales forces going into different channels, each of the businesses is different. So, I mean in my carpet business, I have multiple sales forces selling carpet into specialty retail. I have specialized sales forces going into the builder and multi-family channel, I have multiple specialized business sales forces going into the commercial business, and in all those things, I have similar variations of that in the other businesses. We are increasing the sales forces in all of them, positioning ourselves to be more aggressive than we have in the past. We're confident about our position and products we're bringing to market, and we believe that we can help our growth and profits by putting these investments in today.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The pricing actions are related to competitive situations in the marketplace. We will remain competitive and as the market changes, we have to change with it or our customers will find other alternatives, the market has been fairly disciplined up to now, and given what's gone on in the raw materials, I think that the industry is doing reasonably well, and I don't see anything that's going to change it in the near future.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you. We have a distinctive culture that drives product differentiation, operational efficiency and customer commitment. We operate our business in a decentralized manner that creates competitive advantages, while driving best practices across our total enterprise. Our capability to execute acquisitions and broaden our products and geographies provides unique opportunities to Mohawk. Our substantial cash flow and debt capacity will enable us to sustain both our internal and external expansions. Thank you for joining us. Have a good day.
Frank H. Boykin: It was a small number, it was $1 million, I think in one and $1 million or $2 million in the other, David. We'll have it in the Q that comes out later.
Frank H. Boykin: We're assuming that – we generally use a FX rate that's close to where we are at the beginning or when we estimate the quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: And let me just add that given the relative size of our business to the U.S. market, there is more opportunities outside of the U.S.
Frank H. Boykin: He had asked how much. In the 10-Q, it will show about $20 million of a headwind for price mix for that segment also.
Frank H. Boykin: We – Keith, when we talked about the acquisitions last quarter, we had guided that we thought they'd be accretive $0.20 to $0.25 together, IVC and KAI, and they both together came in at the top end of that range at about $0.25 accretion.
Frank H. Boykin: That was the currency. I think it went from $2 million of income to $5 million of expense. That's the transactional FX impact on our receivables and payables that are denominated in foreign currencies.
Frank H. Boykin: It's the difference between the exchange rate when we enter the transaction and the exchange rate when we settle the transaction.
Frank H. Boykin: It's price mix. It's the two things combined, Mike. So, we have a hard time separating the two, but it's both combined. There was pricing pressure last quarter as well that we spoke to on the call as well as mix pressure. The mix pressure is coming from polyester, with lower cost product, that's causing a de-mixing in the industry as well as with ourselves.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, the startup costs in Q3 were about $8 million and it will be close to that in the fourth quarter. That's startup for – not just LVT, but for everything that we're doing, the major projects that we're doing.
Frank H. Boykin: Well, I mean, it's hard to compare the margin sequentially, because you got seasonality. So, for example, you've got the European business in the ceramic segment, and that's going to be slower in the third quarter than it is in second quarter. I mean, what we try to look at is how the margins improved compared to where they were a year ago.
Frank H. Boykin: I think that our business is doing reasonably well in all the channels. I don't think one of them is different.
Frank H. Boykin: And just to clarify, John, one more time, the soft surface margins have shown improvement year-over-year.
Frank H. Boykin: Expecting our margins in each of our three segments to continue in fourth quarter and then through 2016.
Frank H. Boykin: And on the free cash flow question, John, the third quarter was about $265 million and for the year we'd estimate it'd be $530 million or $540 million, in that range.
Frank H. Boykin: And, Laura, I'd add too, that both on the raw material front and the pricing front, for the quarter it was where we expected. It was in line with our expectations.
