Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining our first quarter 2012 conference call. Joining me on the call is Frank Boykin, our CFO, who will review our Safe Harbor statement and later our financial results.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Most of our raw materials are bought at market based on either some -- either market prices or some contractually agreed-upon basis. And so our raw materials go up and down each period. We try to cover what we believe to be the raw materials based on our best guesses, and we think we've done that at this point. The future raw materials are going to be based on, if something dramatically happened with the oil and depending upon who you listen to, it could go to $120 or go to $80. We have no idea which. We're going to continue watching them and if it requires additional changes, we'll make them. Our best guess at this point is that we're expecting stable material prices in the future, but that could change.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The amounts [indiscernible] will do to the estimate. You're going to have to decide what you want to put in each segment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes. We -- historically, we grow the business through acquisitions. We believe we're well-positioned in the marketplace. We believe that we have the infrastructure in our business to support what's going on in our businesses. We continuously look at new opportunities in the marketplace. Typically, in the -- as you go through downturns, there are more people looking to exit the business as you come out of the business. And we constantly look at whatever comes available to the marketplace in all parts of the world.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We take each one and each business, and we decide what to do with it. What you see is that we basically have broken the U.S. business into 3 parts. We have a carpet and rug business, we have a laminate and wood business, and we have a ceramic and stone business. Each of those we operate relatively separate from each other. We do get advantages in the distribution system. We do get advantages in the customer relationships. We do get advantage in finding opportunities in the marketplace. The reason we don't meld them together further is that the different products actually have different attributes. In many cases, different customers buy them, even when they're going into the same building. The ceramic -- many planks [ph] is bought by someone different than the carpet, and the timing and the installation and shipments are done at different points in time. So we use only intellectual pieces that we have. We use the knowledge of manufacturing, but in each case, it's unique.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: But if there are tile [ph] acquisitions in the U.S., we're willing to look. And if they make sense, we would like to buy them.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We'll have to get back to you on the piece. I can tell you that every division has significant internal savings that they're doing based on productivity increases, improvements in the raw material costs and product innovations to upgrade the mix as we go through. Frank will have to get back to you with the number for the total.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're seeing the normal seasonality that we expect. We're still optimistic that the industry will grow at a reasonable pace as most people are using about a 4% number this year. It could be higher or lower overall. We see the commercial maintaining the growth rate in the mid-single digits as it did last year. And residential looks like it's improving. The big question is, what's going to happen to the building segment, how fast it's going to grow. And with existing home changes, are people going to be more aggressive in their remodeling pieces? We're optimistic they'll be better than they were last year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Remember, when new construction, the flooring is the last thing that goes in. So what we're getting now is what was started a year ago or in some cases 1.5 years or 2 years ago. So the commercial, just in the trend as it comes out, once they start building, we're 6 months to a year after the thing start building before we even start seeing it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We did complete the increase of our modular capacity. We increased it about 35% to prepare the business for future growth. We see modular -- our modular businesses continuing to grow. We continue to expand the price points and styling that we're offering in the marketplace. And it's going to do a significant portion of our total specified commercial carpet business.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know if I'd give you that detail. The industry in the first quarter grew somewhere around 3%. We grew in line with the industry. And our business, the residential business grew slightly slower than the commercial business. The commercial business still outgrew it a little bit. I'm sorry, the commercial business outgrew the residential.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The SG&A got leveraged down as the business went down. We're trying to hold the cost where they are and the productivity improve. And the SG&A in the first quarter was 0.9 basis points below the year before. So I mean, we think we're going to continue dropping the SG&A cost as a percent of sales.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I think -- let me change the question. What we said was that our customers were deferring their promotional activities, not us. So what happens is, some of the customers that had promotions in the first quarter pushed them out later in the year. Therefore, we didn't have to ship them in the first quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: There's always price sensitivity. So that's not a new activity. I think that we're focused on having the right products for the individual markets. We're focused on creating specifications within each one that adds value to them. We have a series of good, better, best products that make it easy for them to trade the customer up and satisfy the needs. And I think we're aggressively going after all the channels.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I'm not prepared to give you specific margins, but you did interpret it properly that in all the businesses, there are commodity parts of the business. We are supporting those commodity pieces in the Dal-Tile business. But in Dal-Tile and Unilin, we are really focused in improving the mix and improving the products to achieve more margin as we go through, which is how we intend to enhance the margins as we move forward.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: On an annual basis, we estimate it to be about $15 million this year. The big chunks would be the Salamanca plant start up, the Russian plant and then other expenses just associated with all the other capital investments we're putting in.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: The 2 things that's happening is there's been a tremendous decrease in the volume of the industry, there's been a huge decrease in the mix of the trade ups where we used to sell much higher proportions of higher value, higher-margin products. And as the retailers tried to attract customers, they started selling prices the reason to be rather than trying to sell the thing that fits the need the most. It's going to change. I don't think we've seen a lot of it yet, but we're expecting as the consumers get more comfortable with the marketplace that we'll see a significant improvement in the mix and all the businesses as the economies improve.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're anticipating that the second quarter will be more normalized, but you don't know until they send you the orders.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: So far we believe the second quarter is going to be more normal, but you never know until it's over. But we're anticipating more normalized results in the second quarter.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: Yes, I mean. Some of the things that makes it hard is that as the -- as we all increase prices, we're all trying to identify the future cost of the business and passing through. We think there was some confusion in some of the competitors of what the raw material prices were going to be. So when all those things, it impacted some of the pricing strategies going into the year and some of the competitors tried to raise prices again at a later point. And so all has to do with how the pricing is, the mix is, so it did impact, it could have impacted our sales volume a little bit. But we think that we're set up properly for the future. We think that we are bringing products to the market to add value to it. We believe that we're capturing a greater share of the premium market with the positions we're taking and innovation we're bringing in the marketplace. So we're happy with our position for this year.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: What we said was that the industry grew about 3% and that in our business, the commercial business was slightly stronger than the residential business. And that's as detailed as we're prepared to give you.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, when you get it, we get it. Internally, we track some of it, but the same products go through both. We think that the -- there's some strengthening of the builder. But again, you have to remember that when you build a new house, we're the last thing in it. So when they start, you got to add close to 9 months before we see it.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I mean, we've made a lot of changes in the past 12 months, and we continue to change the business to reduce the cost. We continue to change the business to find productivity. We continue to manage the investments we put in better. And our goal was to try to hold it flat with increasing volume because if you want to have higher margins, you're going to have to get leverage in the -- as the business grows up, you're going to have to leverage the fixed cost and pieces [ph] we go through. And we're doing everything we possibly can. If the business grows more than we think it is, we're going to have to put more investment in, but we put the actions in to try to hold the cost.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We're in the Mohawk division. In the Mohawk piece, it's pretty -- up and through the end of the first quarter, the raw materials were similar to what we had anticipated in the marketplace. And we spent a lot of time trying out guess them. And so far, we were close to the first quarter. Now what happens from here forward, we'll have to see.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: I don't know if we can pull it all out. We can tell you that about 1.5% of it came from the Australian acquisition, the net sales increase. A large part of the sales in that Australian business, we were supplying as a supplier, so you have to deduct that from the piece. So that was about 1.5%. The rest of it I can't put a number on.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum: We appreciate you being on the call. We think we're well-positioned in the marketplace, and we're taking the right actions for the business for the coming year. Have a nice day.
Frank H. Boykin: I would like to remind everyone that our press release and statements we make on this call may include forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those set forth in our press release and our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include discussion of non-GAAP numbers. You can refer to our Form 8-K and press release at the Investor Information section of our website for a reconciliation of any non-GAAP to GAAP amounts.
Frank H. Boykin: Our margins, Mike, will be up compared to second quarter a year ago in the Mohawk segment as a result, not just the price increases, but also some of the productivity improvements we've put in place. But they will be up year-over-year in the second quarter.
Frank H. Boykin: I don't believe that we're going to continue at the double-digit rate going forward. That's a significant improvement over the market, and I would be delighted if it happens, but we're not building that into our forward projections.
Frank H. Boykin: Just to address your question on international. We are looking at international opportunities. We also look at domestic, but we probably look at it more international I would say than domestic.
Frank H. Boykin: It's hard to pull mix out as a separate item because with price and mix working, we let them combine. So it's difficult to pull that out and give you a specific number.
Frank H. Boykin: As we've talked about several times, Eric, we have been focused on what we can do to improve productivity, improve efficiencies and how we can do more with less, and we're looking at opportunities from a lean standpoint in consolidation of different functions. And we've done -- our team has done a great job of taking out cost and combining different activities and reducing cost across all different functions. And we're continuing to focus on that. That's at the top of our radar screen today.
Frank H. Boykin: I think the spend will be about the same. I mean we're not going to be -- the objective is to hold it flat or maybe a little bit up, but it won't be up much.
Frank H. Boykin: So yes, John, if you just take each of the 2 separately. First, Dal-Tile. We still believe we can get margins back up to kind of 13%, 14% range there. You talked about Mexico. And our margins in Mexico once we get that Salamanca plant up and running and move the production down out of Monterey down into Salamanca, we'll be in line with the rest of the tile business in terms of the margins there. And then on the Unilin side, we've talked about margins 14% or 15% in that range when we get back to a normalized environment. And that's lower than where we were at the peak. But we talked about we're trying to increase our market share and improve our position both in the U.S. and in Europe getting -- moving into the DIY channel a little bit more. And that'll impact us favorably from a margin dollar standpoint, but we'll see a little bit of decline in the margin percentage from where we were at the peak.
Frank H. Boykin: I'm sure they were, but I mean -- I don't know if we go down to individual customers and pieces or markets. I mean, we have to meet market competition where it goes. We adjust them, but we think we're going to recover about what we needed to recover.
Frank H. Boykin: Yes, we'll do the latter. We rolled it in the revolver, and we'll just pay down the revolver with free cash flow.
