Don Kimble: No, we want to see more stability in the macro and, Dave, we want to spring at least one more quarter of profit. We are confident we are on the right path and when we get both of those, we have an outlook, we can have confidence and then we will revisit the topic. But now we do not feel any pressure to do anything at this point.
Don Kimble: You are absolutely right that our CD book has an average life of under a year so we will see a lot of that mature. I think part of the impact you are probably seeing there is two we are shrinking that book so where others might be maintain their level and showing the mixed change to lower rates. We are not getting that same level of benefit on the absolute rate level.
Don Kimble: We really don’t have a need for it. So we have been managing that down, haven’t been originating new ones and see that as a challenge to make sure that we can fund the balance sheet with core deposits and hence we want to make sure that we can deliver against that.
Don Kimble: It depends on the maturity but it's around to 0.15 or so as far as the new time that it's coming on.
Don Kimble: Typically from an asset sensitivity position it won't be slightly liability sensitivity when there is steep yield curve. Our balance sheet migrates asset sensitivity on it's own without any additional adjustments. Our position here is that we don't think that interest rates will increase significantly throughout 2010, and so we want to keep a fairly neutral position throughout the current calendar year. As I noted in my comments that we expect to have a $6 billion of swap mature throughout 2011, and that will give us plenty of opportunity to take the balance sheet to be more asset-sensitive at that point in time. There is a slight margin pick up that comes from being more liable sensitive in a steep yield curve, but the new swap we have on the books, they are yielding anywhere from 70 basis points to about 140 basis points and as I said, under a two-year duration. So there isn't a significant earnings play there. It's more trying to keep neutrality throughout this year and position the balance sheet, so as rate do increase in 2011, and that we can base it from that in the future.
Don Kimble: We did not take any gains through the P&L. The gain is essentially an amortized throughout the remaining life of those swaps, and that's part of the reason we had some pick up in the margin from that.
Don Kimble: Second quarter, that is normally a quarter where you would expect to see some increases, but we are coming of such high levels, we do not expect to see any meaningful increase in this one.
Don Kimble: Gross yields are probably in the 5.5% to 6% range as far as the underlying assets and continue to be a very nice positive spreads for us even after considering the credit cost and the new originations are very low credit cost if I go 2010 and well expected loss rates so we have been very pleased with that production.
Don Kimble: 10 years down the road. No, as far as the margin expansion you're right. There were a couple of factors that help drive it for us this year that if you look at the deposit mix change about half of that 50 basis points is really coming from that mix change that we saw throughout the year. I tribute most of the rest of that margin improvement coming from both, deposits and loan pricing that we're seeing much wider spreads on loan originations than we were, say, 18 months ago and our deposit rates for new time deposits and other products have come down as well, so that's helping us to drive the margin, so I’d say those are both contributing factors.
Don Kimble: Bob, just I wanted to say on few comments that Steve made there as far as our capital ratios. Keep in mind as Steve said the DTA is negatively impacted. That’s about 84 basis points impact to our Tier I common ratio as that will come back organically through the earnings generation over the next couple of years. The other thing that Huntington is little bit different than some of our peers as well because we have a convertible preferred that’s not our normal convertible preferred. If you would add that to our Tier I common equivalent, that’s another 70 basis points. So those two combined would put us over 8% on a core basis adjusting to those two item, and we think that puts us in very some very good standing as far as our capital position.
Don Kimble: This is Don. We are going to take the rest of the year off after getting $275 million in the third quarter it can be short of that, but we think there are a number of initiatives. The growth of $275 is something in the economic environment that's very challenge. We think that once the economy does start to recover, we will see a rebound in our commercial lending balances and other activity will actually suggest that, but more importantly as part of our strategic planning process, we are identifying other factors that can help move the dial even further and one of the key components of that is continue to deepen our share of wallet with our existing customers, and so focusing on that will continue to be a driver for us as for as continued improvement in that pre-tax, pre-provision operating earnings.
Tim Barber: And as far as regulatory capital, in fact, we start to see that come back in 2011 and most of it's realized by some time early in 2012, but essentially what's created a chunk of that is because we have a larger allowance for loan losses, and the tax deduction doesn't occur until charge-off takes place.
Tim Barber: Hey, let me just go through a couple of them. A single-family, as we talked about last quarter, we really feel that's not a major driver of performance going forward.
Tim Barber: That bucket is in fact retail. Retail continues to be an issue across our markets. We've been very active in the ongoing portfolio management of those properties or that product type. You can see on 87, what our current performance is. We are happy with some of it. Delinquencies are flat, the classified number is in fact up, but non-accruals are down a little bit, reserves are down a little bit, we really feel like that’s flattening out as the overall portfolio metric would indicate. The rest of the portfolio is comprised of office, warehouse, would be the couple of the other drivers. We’ve never had a material issue with the office space. It's primarily suburban so there is no downtown business district powers that we have to worry about and the rest of the portfolio we continue to work aggressively on. But I really think that the commercial real estate Steve's comments around the core versus non-core are where we are focused going forward.
Tim Barber: We’ll see it in Western Michigan and I think perhaps later this year, but not near-term. It may be east as they just keeps going. But our demand will primarily come out the Indianapolis since the Columbus, Pittsburg markets.
Steve Steinour: The reserve release will be tied to material improvement and change in credit quality. We do expect credit quality to get better, but in terms of the commentary about profitability for the year is not contingent on reserve release. We are expecting it to be able to drive it from the core, and if this reserve release based on improved asset quality that would be incremental.
Steve Steinour: Good question, but sorry not following up on that. It's a couple of things. One is that the first quarter does benefit from the day count, so that is about four basis point lift from the margin from there compared to future quarters. I'd say that the other constraint factor is that this quarter our average earning assets were down slightly. We expect our deposit growth to continue outpace our loan growth throughout this year. As that adds to earning assets, we don’t get the same incremental 3.5% spread on the investment securities compared to the deposit accounts, and so we think that it can be return to the overall margin even though will be added to net interest income.
Steve Steinour: As we said last time, we think it's at least the couple of years, it could be longer. There is some encouraging signs about CMBS markets starting to open up. I think, there was a multi issuer. I don’t see it coming back quickly and conversely I don’t see it. We are not feeling any pressure to dump it or to get to a disposition. We are going to do this with a lot of focus around capital impacts and make the best decisions running with this level of NPAs and a 3.5 NIM, I wouldn't have thought possible last year. So we’ll keep working it, reducing it/ Remember in these NPAs, you got roughly $350 million of Franklin already marked. So just because of the rest we are reporting something that distorts us a bit, penalize us, if you will with a higher level of NPL.
Steve Steinour: In part of function of the economy, there is a increasingly competitive market. All of that is facing run off and so that’s changing competitive dynamics fairly quickly. There is not an enormous amount of net new investment for demand. I think we start to see some stability and outlook that could change in the second half but for us I think we are going to be replacing non-core real estate amortization with C&I and maybe some consumer growth for a while. So I think our capital efficiency is going to get better over time but not necessarily a lot of growth in the balance sheet.
Steve Steinour: First I think it comes from the core. We are, as you know we are intending to increase pre-tax pre-provision and at the same time with credit metric improving roughly the rate from the result of the first and fourth quarters. We are going to be in a position where we have going to have to look at reducing the overall levels of reserves. So a combination of those factors there is a potential as markets stabilize perhaps in some other respects of that, the deferred tax asset overtime and we may even see some OTTI or OCI as markets again stabilize but principally at this point from…
Steve Steinour: TARP, for any bank holding company would be the key decision maker is Fed. You will start with your primary bank regulator support but the Fed has in effect final say.
Steve Steinour: Auto clearly would be up year-over-year. We just had a series of small business round tables in six markets such may be 100 small businesses. I would say the vast majority of those business orders were bullish about this year in terms of revenue up and the majority expected to higher. I think the majority also expected to make some capital investment. Now if that proves to be reflective of the market overall that could be a little bit positive than expectations. Having said that its still, Midwest gets painted in one brush. It's more diverse than that, but there were some very tough areas in the Midwest in our primary market, so there's some reasons for optimism, we'd view it cautiously.
Steve Steinour: Why don't I start with the comment then I'll look up page 92 in the deck. For those of you have the deck, and you saw a little bit of reduction in the core 68 million, and combination of charge-off and other changes drive the non-core down. Importantly for us the core was very stable in the first quarter. We have only one relationship out of all relationships in the core become a setback and that happened at the end of the quarter because of some unexpected lease issues in a property that we don’t finance, but it impacted however in a significant way. We are feeling, if we could buy that performance for the core next year, we do it today. We are feeling very good about the core. Then I will take you to the buckets, and I will turn it over to Tim.
Steve Steinour: What I can do is spread out all the color as far as the NFS/OD that you see and approximately updated plan about $300 million of deposit service charge of the year. About $180 million of that come from NFS/OD overall. Roughly about a $100 million coming from the NSF/OD associated with either ATM debit card transaction. So, that’s the potential universe I guess as far as the impact. We haven’t official disclosed what our plan is as far as addressing that but we are working through that and do believe that we will be able to mitigate losses associated with some of the Reg E impact that will provide more color at the end of the second quarter with the actual plans and the notation plan of TARP associated with that.
Dan Neumeyer: No. I think that’s exactly what I said. So, the seasonality is perhaps the biggest factor. We’re moving in to a timeframe where the markets have opened up a little bit and there are going to be interested parties in the property.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. I don’t know that the reserve specifically associated with those loans. We can get that for you if you would like. I can tell you that only 27% is about the number that have gone delinquent subsequent to the loan modifications last week structure. So we are reasonable pleased with that recent decision when compared to some of the industry numbers we see.
Dan Neumeyer: Let see, I don’t know if there is a typical number of that. We would generally be solving issues. We could have a one year look or a two year look. We are not necessarily creating. We are not creating 30 year fixed adjustments.
