Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. We're pleased with our second quarter results, which reflect solid execution across the bank despite an incredibly dynamic and challenging operating environment. Revenue was essentially level with the year ago quarter as record mortgage income offset pandemic related headwinds. The actions we've taken to reduce our deposit costs along with the hedging strategy we implemented in 2019 are helping to offset the impact from lower rates. Expenses were down year over year as a result of the proactive expense actions we took in the fourth quarter of '19, as well as the new program we are implementing in 2020. Our business model balance between commercial and consumer provides diversification of revenue where this performance is offsetting challenges. Our increased PPNR year over year reflects consistent execution of our strategies. Our purpose of looking after people has guided our actions during these difficult times. I'm extremely proud of my colleagues and their continued efforts to communicate with and support our customers as well as each other. Over the past month, the bank funded more than 37,000 loans, the total volume of more than $6 billion through the SBA Paycheck Protection Program or PPP, a small and medium sized businesses across our footprint. Huntington is well positioned with robust capital and liquidity to remain supportive of our customers and communities going forward. Huntington received the highest score in the JD Power 2020 mobile app satisfaction study for regional banks, and this is the second year in a row we've been recognized by JD Power, providing evidence that our focused technology investments are being well received by our customers. As we assess the outlook for the economy, we are guardedly optimistic for our gradual economic recovery. The unprecedented levels of government stimulus that supported both individuals and many companies, that support has brought financial stability to market. Recent economic headlines generally appear more positive with homebuilder, auto and RV and marine sales and sentiment exceeding pre-pandemic levels. U.S. consumer retail sales rose 7.5% in June as businesses have resumed operations. In our businesses, we saw record consumer mortgage origination activity in second quarter. Our commercial pipelines have improved over the past two weeks and our customers are becoming more optimistic for the future with many manufacturing customers expected to be back to pre pandemic activity levels during the second half of the year. Our outlook reflects consensus view of economists that the recovery is taking hold, but progress will be uneven. While we do see signs for optimism, we remain vigilant to possible risks and our visibility is generally limited to the next few months. The range of potential outcomes on key metrics remains wide. We are monitoring economic and customer data closely and tightly managing our businesses. As a result of lower interest rate levels, we're taking actions to manage expenses this year, which Zach will further describe. We remain disciplined on expense growth while making further investments in technology and other strategic business initiatives as the economy recovers. And as we discussed previously over the past decade, we have fundamentally changed Huntington’s enterprise risk management, it’s now a strength of the company as compared to a weakness during the prior cycle. Most recent DFAST results demonstrate superior credit performance for our fifth consecutive DFAST filing. Our modeled [accumulative] loan losses in the [fed’s] severely adverse scenario remain among the best in the peer group, while our stress capital buffer established at the minimum level of 2.5% percent. Our commitments to an aggregate moderate to low risk profile is illustrated through the DFAST results. Our second quarter credit metrics remain sound as we address the issues in our oil and gas portfolio. With our second quarter provision, we believe we have the loss exposure in the oil and gas portfolio fully reserved. Our underlying portfolio metrics continue to reflect our expectation for out performance through the cycle. We restrained our commercial lending in 2019 with the fourth quarter average year over year growth rate of 1.8%, which gives us a more seasoned portfolio of commercial loans at this point in the cycle. This morning we announced that the board has cleared third quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common share unchanged from the prior quarter. And based on what we know today, management expects to maintain the quarterly given rate in the fourth quarter subject to the board's normal quarterly approval process and you'll hear more about the dividend from Zach as well. So Zach, I’ll ask you now provide an overview of the financial performance and carry forward.
Steve Steinour: Jon, this is probably the last quarter we're going to distinguish ourselves with reporting out the oil and gas like this, because we believe we've got box now fully reserved. And while you will see metrics around that, we don't feel a need to call it out like we have this quarter and is picking up in the normal course and we’ll look to maximize, particularly the non core overtime.
Steve Steinour: But Jon, we do like generally how the portfolio has performance thus far and feel good. Having looked at a very substantial amount of the commercial portfolio in depth during the quarter and tried to have a realistic if not conservative lens on it, which is reflected in some of the metrics like the criticized loan increase. But the performance for the quarter was slightly better than we would have expected it to be at the core. But we've got a recurrence of the viruses it looks like coming and we don’t know when the fourth round is going to happen. There's a lot of unknowns here. So it's very, very difficult to project where this is not felt yet.
Steve Steinour: That's right, my comment was meant to mean that we will look at how the portfolio, if there are changes in the portfolio from the end of Q2 to the end of Q3.
Steve Steinour: It could be growth, it could also be changes in underlying credit. I mean, to the extent that there is further deterioration or improvement either way in the portfolio that gets reflected in the modeled outputs for what would go into Q3.
Steve Steinour: We haven't disclosed the company run DFAST scenarios. But certainly, there's going to be a number of factors that will go into, you know, what we provided in our forecast versus what we're just running through the models.
Steve Steinour: What we're seeing in the market here is that it's a lack of inventory. We've had very good, very strong sales. So construction is not keeping pace with demand and you’re seeing that flow through in terms of a number of levels of inventory in a number of markets, I should say. So, we've had a very strong performance on the housing front and we think that will continue as a consequence of the virus. And it's somewhat labor constrained on the build or supply side.
Steve Steinour: So, thank you all for your questions and interest in Huntington. Obviously, we're pleased with second quarter performance, particularly given the challenges we face. And while guardedly optimistic today, we acknowledge volatility and the uncertainty in the economy. With the expense actions we announced today, we are positioned to invest in growth initiatives and opportunities, while continuing to deliver solid performance. Our disciplined enterprise risk management provides us strong fundamentals position. And during these past several months, we’ve positioned the bank to continue to execute on our strategies to further invest in our businesses and technology and to capitalize on opportunities that present themselves. I’m confident about our ability to manage the challenges we face, and I'm excited about our prospects going forward. Finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively among the 10 largest shareholders for Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long term performance. Thank you again. Have a great day.
Rich Pohle: With respect to the oil and gas piece of it, we’ve kind of bifurcated into a core and non core sector, and the focus is really on getting that non core piece of the portfolio down and through whatever methods we have. You saw in Q2 that we sold about $170 million to the extent that we've got opportunities where we think the sale price is better than what a recovery might be. If the credit got into trouble, we would certainly do that. As it relates to the ongoing strategy, we're not originating any new loans in that space we haven't for over a year now. And I think, we're really just focused on the portfolio we have now and managing the risks there.
Rich Pohle: We haven't really thought about what a build in the third quarter would look like. As you work through the seasonal methodology, it is a point in time process. And so, similar to what we did in Q2, we will do the same process in Q3. We will look at what the change in the economic outlook might be for the end of September. We're certainly not going to race into anything earlier in the quarter. We're going to take every available day we have to look at the economic condition and the forecast that we see. We'll also have another quarter of portfolio activity to see how the portfolio is behaving relative to our expectations. And based on those two factors, we'll look at where we think the provision ought to be. So it's really hard for us to sit here and really CECL wouldn't hand you forecast additional build, it's really a quarter by quarter kind of step by step process.
Rich Pohle: We took a number of factors as we kind of size the reserve build there. When we looked at the core and non core portfolios, there were a number of factors that went into that designation, whether its liquidity and, but a big piece of that is borrowing base coverage and that lasts as long as the hedges lasts. And so, our challenge with the book in general is just our view on where commodity prices are going to go and as the hedges roll off, there's just more exposure to what we think is a pretty uneconomical level of price to support drilling and more important to support capital. So, the seasonality of the oil and gas business will drive some of the charge off decisions as you would expect the spring and fall borrowing base redeterminations are a big driver of kind of a fresh look at where the loans are relative to the collateral. And that's part of what we saw in the second quarter was the spring redetermination results kind of flowing through. And then we felt we were very proactive in terms of getting out of credits. There were four structural over advances in deals in our book. In the second quarter, we sold two of them and the other two to NPA. So, you know, I think as it relates to further NPA growth that will be really based more around borrowing base redetermination areas. The charge offs will be a function largely of our sale opportunities and also around borrowing base determinations.
Rich Pohle: As it relates to the leverage lending, the portfolio did grew up modestly in the second quarter, went up 5% to 6% really due to falling angel activity more than anything as it relates to new originations. So as you might recall, we've got a fairly modest leverage threshold for leverage loans. It's 2.5 times senior as opposed to most people did 3 times. So, to the extent that these credits with us first quarter it was all kind of fell into that criteria we designated on falling angels in the leverage lending bucket. We did not have any leverage lending originated charge offs in Q2. We are keeping an eye on them from a prep class standpoint. There were some downgrades within that book as you might expect but nothing significant.
Zach Wasserman: So as I mentioned, it's about a $75 million save in both years. And over time, like we've said many times in the past, we want to manage the expense base based on the revenue outlook. And so, a very substantial chunk of that $75 million we would expect to flow to bottom line in 2020 and not be reinvested to the extent that we see the economy improving as we go forward and the pace and level of that recovery becomes more certain we would expect to start to rev up the investments, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and therefore, have a less or potentially even neutral net benefit from that in ‘21, as we go forward. But for 2020 just to kind of come back to your question specifically around third of that save accrued to the second quarter and it was around $50 million left on a gross basis before any modest acceleration investment in back half of the year and before the $25 million restructuring costs in Q3 and Q4.
Zach Wasserman: Let me try to put some math behind this for you. Just starting first with the yield, it was accretive to yield in the second quarter by as we noted, about 2 basis points of net interest margin. Really what drives that is the portfolio rate that we were seeing in June was 3.43% on an accrual basis for those loans in June, which was made up of 1% of the underlying yield. And then the amortization of what for us based on the size mix of our loan of PPP, our PPP loans was around 3% placement fee over the life of the loan. So, the combination of those two things for June was 3.43% and hence additive to the overall NIM by around 2 basis points. It was about $35 million in revenue in Q2 as well. As we go forward into Q3, from a NIM perspective, I think it's accretive by around 1 basis points is our current estimate. So, it's a tiny drag on a quarter to quarter basis of 1 basis point down, but pretty neutral in that respect into the third quarter. In terms of the forgiveness, I think it was the other part of your question. This continues to be a function of estimates as you might imagine. But our planning estimate at this point is that roughly 85% of the loans outstanding will be forgiven. The process around that is the thing that's driving the most uncertainty around the timing. And so right now, we're assuming that the loans less than $150,000 each, which is around $1 billion of the $6 million loans, will be on a, likely on the fast track forgiveness process and hence will likely be forgiven in the fourth quarter. Thus, our planning assumption for that. And then, let’s say around 10% of the remaining greater than $150,000 loans are forgiven in Q4. So, which would make about one quarter of the total $6 billion forgiven in Q4 with the remainder of 75% forgiven, of what’s going to be forgiven in Q1. So, I think by the end of the year, we expect on an average basis in Q4, we still expect to see around $4.7 billion of PPP in the fourth quarter coming down to around $700 million by Q1 of next year.
Zach Wasserman: The indirect is performing very well. You can see the deferral piece of that was fairly modest to start with about 8%. I'm sorry about 3% of the book. And coming out of the deferral, the payment rates are very strong. We've got 92% paying as agreed coming out of the deferral. So, we are watching that like we're watching all the consumer portfolios just given the impact of the deferrals on the overall book. But that's a high FICO book. We have a custom scorecard and that book has performed very well through the DFASt exercises and we expect it to continue to perform well.
Zach Wasserman: So, we've seen it's like a roughly 2% year over year reduction in the last week versus the prior 10 days. So I think in the first 10 days of July, debit volumes were up about 20% year on year. In the last week, they were up 18.7%. So not even 2%. I guess as I talked about the numbers. And I think as we look across industries, we are seeing a little bit of a blip down. I was studying the numbers this morning and one of the industries where we're seeing the most substantial blips, not surprisingly, is in restaurants and bars. So, likely that is to some degree impacted by what we're seeing in terms of some of the economic reopening guidance changing and things of that nature, but we're still seeing pretty robust snapping back in year over year growth overall.
Zach Wasserman: I will just tack on some of Steve's comments and try to address that specific question. Generally, I think the outlook for Q3 is pretty similar to Q2 in terms of volumes and the modest tightening of spread. It was sort of around 15 basis points, 10 basis points to 15 basis points lower spread as that trend continues for a while. I think the outlook Q4 is harder to ascertain at this point just based on the timing of pipeline and things of that nature. Really the pipeline for Q2 or for Q3 looks pretty similar to what it did for Q2. With that being said, our planning assumption is that the spreads will continue to come down in Q4 and the volumes are typically seasonally a fair amount lower in Q4, and we'll also see that down drop as well. So, I think that the trends you noted are in fact happening, you know the velocity with which they happen is still a question mark.
Zach Wasserman: We're assuming that some of them come back in the third quarter. I think really it's going to be a function of how quickly the deposits on the sheet start to get used. I think, this is a phenomenon that we've noted across the entire industry that the deposit gathering activity in second quarter was just extremely robust. And you know, what we've seen in our own portfolio is around 70% of the estimate on the consumer side of the government stimulus and to some degree some of the other employee benefits are being saved in accounts, and that's only taking down single digit percentage points per month as we go forward. So, it's hard to say because that's going to be the key driver is what happens with overall deposits and therefore, sort of overdraft activity. With that being said, we are expecting a modest increase as we go into the third quarter and then I sort of indicated in our comments Q4 is harder to ascertain.
