Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Donald. Slide 17 presents an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality trends in the first quarter were very positive, led by the net charge-off ratio, which fell to 51 basis points on an annualized basis compared to 69 basis points in the prior quarter. This level of charge-offs falls within our long-term targeted range of 35 to 55 basis points. It is worth noting that given the absolute low level of charge-offs, some volatility from quarter-to-quarter is possible, although we expect the overall trend to continue to be positive. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were stable in the quarter and remained very well controlled. You'll recall that in -- the second quarter uptick in last year in past dues was caused by the acquired Fidelity portfolio. Fidelity loans include accruing purchased impaired loans, which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued modest improvement in the quarter following [indiscernible] of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement through the continued reduction in commercial OREO balances in the quarter. The criticized asset ratio also showed improvement falling from 4.79% to 4.49%. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratios fell in the quarter to 1.81% and 1.91%, respectively, down from 1.89% and 1.99% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both increased modestly due to the reduction in nonperformers in the quarter. Slide 18 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates continued reduction in our NPAs, decreasing 21% over the last year. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which fell in the quarter to 28 basis points of beginning of period loans. Slide 19 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 7% in the quarter. The level of NPA inflows was the lowest experienced in the last year and the lower inflows drove the overall reduction. Turning to Slide 20. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a similar level of inflow as the prior quarter, with upgrades, pay-downs and charge-offs contributing to a 6% reduction for the quarter. Moving to Slide 21. Commercial loan delinquencies remained elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories over what we had shown from the first quarter of '11 through the first quarter of '12. Again, the increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well controlled in the aggregate. Slide 22 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which are in line with expectations and reveal a generally improving trend. In aggregate, 30-day consumer delinquencies showed noticeable improvement quarter-over-quarter, as depicted in the chart on the left. All of the individual consumer loan categories showed improvement quarter-over-quarter. 90-day delinquencies showed modest improvement in the quarter with auto, home equity and other consumer all showing reductions. Reviewing Slide 23, the loan-loss provision of $29.6 million was down $10 million from the prior quarter and was $22 million less than net charge-offs. The ratio of ACL to the nonaccrual loans rose from 199% to 207%, due to the previously noted reduction in nonperformers. The ACL to loans was lower at 1.91% compared to 1.99% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics showed continued improvement, and therefore, we believe this coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we are pleased with this quarter's credit results. We expect continued volatility but overall improvement in our credit metrics, including lower criticized loans and lower NPAs. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Sure. Well, as we've said for a number of quarters, obviously, pricing has been under pressure for some time. I think in the last quarter, we actually saw more instances of structural give-ups. And so there are probably more instances where we have actually had to walk away from deals because of structure, and that could be reduction in the amount of recourse on some of the commercial real estate loans, higher cash flow multiples, looser covenants, et cetera, all senior deals being done where we may have seen a strip of mezzanine in the past or deals where we would apply an SBA guarantee that are getting done in the conventional basis. So those are some of the things that probably increased a bit more in the last quarter.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. So the increase in the TDRs was primarily in the home equity category. We've got some of our 10-year balloons starting to mature. And so in many cases, the best alternative for both the customer and ourselves is to put them into a 20-year amortizing product, and so that's what we've done here. But the reason they're categorized as TDRs is in some cases or in many of these cases, based on their FICO score or the LTV in the property, we wouldn't have originated a new loan with a 20-year am. And therefore, we view that as the concession. So I think it's a great outcome for the customer. It's the right outcome for the bank. But we are designating those as TDRs.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. And Terry, this is Dan. I would say that basically, the competitors are the same. We have seen a few of our competitors move a little bit more in and out of the market over the last few years as they've been looking at either to move away from commercial real estate or auto exposure, et cetera. And I think now some of them are starting to come back in. So that would be probably the one difference is maybe a couple of the banks starting to be more interested in Michigan again.
Stephen D. Steinour: Scott, I'll add to that. Auto pricing is a bit sharper, and these are normal recovery competitive dynamics at play and probably even further accentuated by this artificial rate environment.
Stephen D. Steinour: We, of course, are following it. It's -- there's a lot still to evolve. We started with a view of this business consistent with our Fair Play overall. So we don't have any intended changes at this point and we like the business that we're able to produce today, and we watch this every week. So no change at this point but obviously, focused on what the CFPB is intending to do by way of new regulation.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's much more discussion about the debt policy and when does it end, how does it end and timing, Ken, and that's caused us to relook at the -- at OCI risk and, frankly, other balance sheet-related risk.
Stephen D. Steinour: There was no regulatory effort or initiative around this, Ryan. But as we looked at Fair Play and as we continue to look at Fair Play and how we're proceeding, we look at our -- all of our products. And this is one where we felt it was prudent to make a change. We planned for that change last year and incorporated it into the forecast for this year. We have gone with a change in the logic, so that it's a more chronological and sequential approach. So it starts with electronic transactions, debit and ATM, principally getting posted chronologically. And so that's based on time of transaction. And then checks getting posted sequentially based on check number. Anything else with the date and time stamp we post low to high, and then fees and interest post last. So that's the -- that's -- we think the fairest approach. We have studied a number of banks that have made changes. Few banks haven't made changes yet. We thought this was completely consistent with our philosophy and something that we planned for last year and are pleased to have implemented.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, there was a sense that -- and a hope that we would have more stability out of Washington, fiscal policy that would set an outcome together in the first half of the year that the outlook was based on. Because heading into the New Year with the first cliff on January 9 to us presented a higher risk. And our calling activities for the first quarter were very consistent month-to-month, but we just found deferrals of decisions going on. And to some extent, there was a bit of pull-forward more than we expected out of the capital markets business that was probably tax-related at year-end. So we're sitting as we come into the second quarter -- or as we went to the first quarter, January was a disappointing month; February, got a bit better; March, much back -- much closer to normal. As we come into the second quarter, we're sitting with a strong pipeline in commercial. But the overall activities month-to-month for the first 3 months and continuing through April are essentially the same in terms of calling activity and contact. So I think that second half will continue and we may -- given that where the pipeline is, we expect to have a good second quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's more leasing activity to be sure that's emerging, and that becomes challenging in terms of volume. That's particularly true on the new side. So pricing on new is -- I should have clarified my earlier remark, it's much more around new car pricing than used, even though we do a majority of our lending on used and we're seeing that mix continue to shift up a bit. So that has given us more capacity to adjust and retain pricing at the levels we want.
Stephen D. Steinour: Sorry, Adam, I didn't mean to cut you off. This is Steve. We were always thinking about expansion and we don't have any commitments to do so at this point. But we like the asset class and we like the performance of it over time and believe we've got some competitive advantage with it, so there's a continuous assessment.
Stephen D. Steinour: We would -- I think, if we get a fiscal plan in Washington that there's an economic expansion that will be stronger than the current outlook for GDP. And that would be something, I think, we could confirm fairly quickly in our commercial base with decisions that have been deferred. And in that context, if we see an expansion, our customer is actually moving more dynamically than we would follow.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, pipeline activity and then discussions with the different customers that sort of went into a wait-and-see mode in the first quarter. They have plans that are very specific. They actually have sales outlooks and in some cases even demand that will cause them to expand. Here in the Midwest, we talk about auto manufacturing and energy as being drivers in our commercial book. But emerging in the first quarter is also the housing side. There's been a stabilization, an increase in new housing start in many of the markets that will also, I think, be sustained and felt during the year.
Stephen D. Steinour: In the first quarter, we've walked away from more than we have in any prior quarter as a consequence to that risk return trade-off.
Stephen D. Steinour: It's too early, Erika, to reach that conclusion. There's a lot of ongoing discussion, I believe, with some in the industry, some of the larger ones in the industry and the CFPB. And obviously, a lot of industry concern where auto is recovering, not to somehow inadvertently dislocate financing in the market.
Stephen D. Steinour: We originate the same quality and have -- so we're -- from a credit -- we're indifferent whether we securitize or hold it. And then as we approach year end, we'll have a number of factors to look at, including where we think interest rates are going and response to QE and OCI risk, as well as our outlook in terms of '14 production with -- we have a fair amount of room with our 20% cap. We're originating $4-plus billion a year now, so we will have a combination of factors to go through [ph].
Stephen D. Steinour: We said $10 million to $20 million, and that will be seasonal -- comprised of seasonal differences and marketing principally, along with commission and related incentive with incremental capital markets and other fee products that are sold.
Stephen D. Steinour: So the funds transfer pricing reduces what would -- if we did this on a constant basis, you'd see a much different number. Part of the reason we like this rate of expansion, when we get to a normalized curve, there'll be a significant incremental contribution coming off of that deposit base.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I think we've tried to guide that outlook from the fourth quarter. As for the full year, mid-3.30s. We were pleased with the first quarter at 3.42%.
Stephen D. Steinour: We have, I think, strength in the number of the MSAs. It's hard to compare one versus another, David, not to ignore the question. There is -- economy in Pittsburgh is doing quite well. The economy in Indianapolis, equally strong. So the 3 largest cities in Ohio are doing well. So Michigan is doing well. So can't distinguish one from another.
Stephen D. Steinour: So we won't have financial impact, and we're still working through it. So I don't want to be -- it'd be premature for me to comment. The -- and it's consistent with us moving from 4 to 6 products per household and just relooking at it. We're trying to focus on quality and revenue as we do this. But we'll have more to talk about next quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's essentially the same list of competitors, some may be more active or have had more focus than recently, but we've been competing against the same group over the last 4 years or more.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well we don't offer a reloadable or prepaid at this time. We do not see it having a meaningful impact on our Asterisk-Free. And the uniqueness of 24-Hour Grace continues to be compelling, even though the vast majority of our customers will never use that feature.
Stephen D. Steinour: It's nothing to do with stress test. It's a more a view and a forward positioning and trying to be in a position where we've got a very, very sound balance sheet in a different rate environment. And so we saw a backup early in the year in rates, and it -- as a consequence, we reacted. And we think what we're doing is proof for the long-term interest of the shareholders. Thank you very much. We're very grateful for the interest. I appreciate the questions and the exchange today. Todd is available as he has been in the past if there are follow-ups to any of the questions. Have a great day. Thank you.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, this is Don. As far as the thought process behind that, you hit on some of the key points with making sure that we keep below -- we are well below the 20% limitation there, and so we do have a lot of additional room to move up. And part of it too is, is that the -- part of the benefit is really the capital efficiency associated with this transaction and with our current capital actions. We felt that there was capacity to go ahead and keep some of those on balance sheet. Another component that we're focusing on a lot more is, yes, this is a very liquid asset for us, and it is a substitute for certain other investments that we might choose to make. And those other investments in our portfolio would result in potential OCI risk to us. And so that step is another benefit that we're pursuing as far as the securitization transaction decision.
Donald R. Kimble: I would assume those changes as far as check order were done in early February, so the impact in the current quarter was roughly about a $5 million impact. Keep in mind, too, that there is some seasonality to the fees with the fourth quarter tending to be higher than what the first quarter activity level would be.
Donald R. Kimble: I think you've summed it up pretty well, yes. So we will be backing out the impact of the auto securitization gains and MSR for both periods. And then on a core basis, we would expect the growth in core revenues to offset some of the challenges we're seeing mainly on the mortgage side compared to the previous year.
Donald R. Kimble: Roughly about 1/4 of the production is HARP-related that's fairly consistent with what we saw towards the end of last year. And we think that the extension for 2 years will be net incremental. But some of the things we're excited about are just some of the increased activity as far as purchase mortgages as well. And so our pipeline and our activity level will give us a pretty good clarity as far as the next 30 to 60 days as far as closing, and we've seen a lot of strong volumes there just given the recent rate limits as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, one, the origination volumes include those that we keep in portfolio. And so if you just look at the volume that we actually sold in the secondary market, the reduction will be about 19%. And so what we did see as far as the actual contraction and gain on sale was about 30 basis points. So it was far less than what you're showing there, but that's mainly because of the difference of what we're keeping on books versus selling.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. We clearly have that at every individual product and every individual relationship and we have pricing grids for our commercial and also for consumer. And Dan's team is part of the credit approval process, who review the return that we're getting on, the extension of credit and making sure that we're remaining disciplined there. That's one of the reasons why we believe that we've been able to maintain a very stable margin compared to many in the business and combined that with the aggressive management of our deposit costs that allowed us to keep that stability.
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't publicly stated what our floor ROE is, and we do have guidelines for each of our bankers, and they are well aware of it. But they haven't provided any additional guidance there and we remain very disciplined on that.
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't. The last time we had provided that was second quarter of last year. It was about 150 basis point hit to our Tier 1 common, and we feel it's in our best interest to wait until the rules are finalized before we update those. But we're reluctant to provide any clarity there until we get clarity on what the new rules are going to be.
Donald R. Kimble: Throughout the quarter and some of these occurred late in the fourth quarter, but that we had 3 impacts really drove some of the changes. One was the impact of our decision to reduce some of our collateralized deposits. Again, we mentioned earlier in the call, concerns about the OCI risk prospectively. And for collateralized deposits, we're required to keep 105% of those balances in basically agency-backed securities, which today in the market are earning somewhere between 150 and 175 basis points. And we feel that there is real risk to our OCI for maintaining that and there isn't sufficient reward for those deposit relationships. Second was the expiration of TAGP, and that had a couple hundred million dollar type of impact to our balances and has resulted in a much more stability there after that. So it's not a large impact but it did add some. And the third was the combination of normal seasonal trends we see going from fourth quarter to the first quarter, but also we did see some of our small business banking customers start to utilize some of their cash positions as opposed to draw down on lines and ask for additional credit. And so those really contributed to the remaining piece of the impact on DDA balances.
Donald R. Kimble: We think that clearly we'll have a benefit and an advantage for us as we look at our deposit mix. And to date, our deposit mix is more biased toward the retail side than the commercial side compared to many of our peers. And as a result of that, we'll have greater stability in that deposit mix and base even when rates do increase. We continue to watch and try to anticipate what the impact would be for our commercial borrowers. But keep in mind that a significant portion of those balances are being utilized to help offset the deposit service charges and activity fees that will require them to still maintain some of those balance even as rates go up. And so we think we'll be well positioned as far as retention of those balances.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is Don. And as far as that decision, we're keeping some of our 10- and 15-year fixed rate, fully amortizing mortgage loans on balance sheet over the last year. So we've been selling those off as far as the production. The benefit to us there is, is that right now, with the Fed in the market on a monthly basis buying $85 billion of the same type of product we would usually buy and put in our investment portfolio, we feel that the spreads are tight there, and by keeping the mortgage loans on our balance sheet, it still provides us a very active source of liquidity and minimizes the OCI risk, again, for us. And so that again is another substitute that we feel is appropriate. The 10- and 15-year paper is fairly predictable as far as cash flow and is underwritten by Huntington. And so we're very confident with the underlying credit quality associated with that as well.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, essentially, we've put it all in our loans initially. And then as we get closer to making a decision for securitization, at that point where it becomes probable, we do transfer those balances into a held-for-sale type of category. So what goes in the securitization is almost identical to what we keep on the balance sheet. So there isn't a designation at time of origination, of this loan is for the securitization and the other loan is for our portfolio. And so we make those decisions and transfers as we get clarity on the timing of the securitization transaction.
Donald R. Kimble: We don't provide a lot of guidance on individual line items. I'd say that in general, some of those categories were closer to the long-term rates but that there are some variability in some of those categories based on activity.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as our guidance, we would show that securities portfolio coming down over the remainder of the year, reflecting both the decision on the mortgages and also the indirect auto. And it wouldn't be quite a dollar-for-dollar offset but it clearly would have some impact there. And as far as the yield holding up, it's a combination of factors that you did talk about. Some of the lower yielding securities have matured. We did have some variable rate securities or short-duration type securities that have either matured or have been sold off. And we have seen a little bit of a shift in some of the mix that some of the purchases that we have been taking over the last quarter or so have been slightly longer in duration but less extension risk, so we've been looking at more bullet type of securities than what we had historically.
Donald R. Kimble: I don't think we've provided a lot of details on that because as those accounts that are initially opened, usually take at least 90 days to see -- to build up. And so I would say that generally the new accounts that we've been adding, we probably had an outsized proportion coming from our in-store and we have publicly stated that the in-store deposit balances on average have been coming in at a lower level, that the customer base there tends to be a little bit younger, still high income levels and good demographics. But as a result of their age, coming in at a slightly lower balance. But again, generally, we've been pleased with the accounts we've been picking up.
Donald R. Kimble: So what's impacting our retail business in general and is impacting on all retail businesses throughout the country is just this lower rate environment continues to phase in. And so the credit that they're receiving as a business segment for those deposit balances continues to shrink. And so the margin that we're seeing for that business is lower than where it was historically. The benefit for that is it offset another area, which should allow us to maintain a favorable margin but low rates have a clear negative impact on the margin for retail.
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't talked about that explicitly either. What we continue to talk about it is that our guidance would suggest that margin will still remain above the mid-30s at those levels throughout the year, and that anticipates further compression on loan yields.
Donald R. Kimble: The $75 million is more of on a historic definition of marketing that we did change and loosen the things out of marketing that were more contract related and not necessarily marketing specific. And so if you look at the last calendar year that we had about $64 million of marketing and -- or $11 million of marketing in the first quarter of this year would be fairly comparable to that general type of trend with the various seasonal changes.
